THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

52 GEORGE III. 1812.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1812.

[Price 1l. 5s. 6d. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SIXTH Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

52 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Page 1

2. An Act to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other conquered Islands in the West Indies, to be taken out of Warehouse on the Payment of the like Rate of Duty for Waste as British Plantation Sugar. 2

3. An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain. 3

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 17

5. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Ponds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 18

6. An Act for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition. Ibid.

7. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expenses incident to the Assumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty. Page 20

8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indisposition; and for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Property; and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness. Ibid.

9. An Act to repeal an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders and making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be measured. 25

10. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. 32

11. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, and to establish other and further Regulations in the said Offices. 23

12. An Act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores to Ireland. 39

13. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. 41

14. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. 42

15. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. 43

16. An Act for the more exemplary Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines used in the Framework knitted Manufactory, or any Articles or Goods in such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 47

17. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended. 49

18. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate. 63

19. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. Page 63

20. An Act to continue several Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and to permitting Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in any Ship or Vessel, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to the amending an Act for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Ibid.

21. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Oaths administered to and taken by certain Members of the House of Commons before Deputies of the late Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, during the Vacancy of the said Office. 64

22. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 66

23. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 91

24. An Act for raising the Sum of Six millions seven hundred and eighty nine thousand six hundred and twenty five Pounds by way of Annuities. 95

25. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. 96

26. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. Ibid.

27. An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes. 97

28. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, making Provision for the Families of Militia Men in Ireland. 101

29. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland. 105

30. An Act to provide for regulating the Warehousing of Spirits, distilled from Corn in Ireland, for Exportation without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon; and to transfer the Custody of Spirits so warehoused, from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and their Officers. Ibid.

31. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers or Mariners. 111

32. An Act for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds transferrable at the Bank of England. Page 111

33. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free. 112

34. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making perpetual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Relief of Debtors; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed. 113

35. An Act to prohibit all Intercourse between the Island of Jamaica and certain Parts of the Island of Saint Domingo. 115

36. An Act for granting additional Duties on Mahogany not imported from the Bay of Honduras, and for reducing the Duties on certain Species of Wood imported from the said Bay. 117

37. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Earl Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 119

38. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England. 122

39. An Act for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coast of England. 201

40. An Act to make Provision for a limited Time respecting certain Grants of Offices. 233

41. An Act to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduct of the Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and another Act, of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and extending the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others. 234

42. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. 235

43. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 237

44. An Act for the Erection of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convicted within the City of London and County of Middlesex; and for making Compensation to Jeremy Bentham Esquire, for the Non-performance of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bentham and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Custody and Maintenance of Convicts. Ibid.

45. An Act to suspend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 251

46. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and to repeal certain Bounties given to Persons licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer and Ale by Retail in Ireland. Page 253

47. An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, as relates to Ireland. 260

48. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland from Corn, malted or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallons Content. 262

49. An Act to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London; and to enable the Lords of the Treasury to purchase Buildings in Thames Street, for the Purpose of erecting a new Custom House. 284

50. An Act to continue until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Provision for preventing the current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for staying Proceedings upon any Distress by tender of such Notes; and to extend the same to Ireland. 287

51. An Act to provide for the more speedy Examination, controuling and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland. 291

52. An Act to provide for the speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of Ireland; and to repeal certain former Acts relating thereto. 299

53. An Act for extending the Time in which Coffee of the British Plantations may be sold by Auction without Payment of the Duty on Auctions; and for making an Allowance of such Duty on Coffee sold for which the said Duty has not been paid. 311

54. An Act for continuing, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain. 313

55. An Act to prevent Foreign Goods of certain Descriptions being brought from the United States of America into Canada; and to allow a greater Quantity of Worsted Yarn to be exported from Great Britain to Canada. Ibid.

56. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending an Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Six pence in the Pound on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends. 314

57. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, an Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, instead of the Annuity settled on them by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty. 316

58. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise on Tobacco to be manufactured in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Drawbacks; and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties. Page 318

59. An Act for allowing on the Exportation of manufactured Plate for the private Use of Persons residing or going to reside abroad, the same Drawback as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Plate by way of Merchandize. 325

60. An Act for altering the mode of Payment of the Superannuation Allowances in the Department of the Customs in Scotland. Ibid.

61. An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof. 327

62. An Act to enable Coadjutors to Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland to execute the Powers of Archbishops and Bishops respectively. 328

63. An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Securities for Money and other Effects, left or deposited for safe Custody, or other special Purpose, in the Hands of Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies or other Agents. 330

64. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, against Persons obtaining Money by false Pretences, to Persons so obtaining Bonds and other Securities. 333

65. An Act to allow the Use of Sugar in brewing Beer in Great Britain. 334

66. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices; in respect of which Security ought to be given, and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices in the Event of such Security not being; given within a time to be limited after the Grant of such Offices. 335

67. An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on the Widow and eldest Son of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of his other Children. 341

68. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland. 350

69. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland. 423

70. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland. 425

71. An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of Woolmer, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

72. An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of Alice Holt, in the County of Southampton.

73. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief of the Poor within England; and enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, as limits the annual Amount of the Assessments. Page 431

74. An Act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same. 432

75. An Act to provide for the more complete and effectual Liquidation of a Debt due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldsmid, Merchant, and his surviving Partners; and to confirm and establish certain Agreements entered into for that and other Purposes relating thereto. 433

76. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Custom and Port Duties in Ireland. 454

77. An Act for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glass; for charging an additional Countervailing Duty on Flint and Crown Glass imported from Ireland; and for the better Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass on Drawback. 457

78. An Act to make better Provision for the Commissioners of Appeal in Revenue Causes in Ireland. 461

79. An Act to allow British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to permit Articles, the Production of the said United States, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels. 462

80. An Act for extending the Period in which Deeds were directed to be enrolled by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending several Acts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. 463

81. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for providing a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions. 464

82. An Act for transferring the Scotch Excise Charity and Superannuation Funds to the Consolidated Fund, and paying all future Allowances from the latter Fund, and for making Provision for certain superannuated Officers of Excise in England and Scotland. 465

83. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. 467

84. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 468

85. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. Ibid.

86. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Ibid.

87. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties. Page 468

88. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage in Great Britain. 506

89. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definite Treaty of Peace. 509

90. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 510

91. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large. Ibid.

92. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland. Ibid.

93. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of Assessed Taxes; and for consolidating the same with the former Duties of Assessed Taxes. 512

94. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Glass, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff. 549

95. An Act to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 561

96. An Act for applying the Amount of the Bounties on certain Linens exported from Great Britain towards defraying the Charge of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Session of Parliament. 572

97. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. 573

98. An Act to permit Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from any such Port, and from the Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, under Licences granted by the Collectors and Controllers of the Customs. 580

99. An Act for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Bahama Islands and exported therefrom in Foreign Vessels; and for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the said Islands. 585

100. An Act to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies. Page 586

101. An Act to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses of Trusts created for Charitable Purposes. 587

102. An Act for the registering and securing of Charitable Donations. Ibid.

103. An Act for the more easy Manning of Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. 592

104. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the administering or taking Unlawful Oaths. 593

105. An Act to continue, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others, in relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution and securing the due Application thereof. 595

106. An Act for increasing the Duty on Rum and other Spirits imported into Newfoundland from the British Colonies and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies. 598

107. An Act for extending the Allowance of the Duty on Salt used in making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, to Salt used in making such Acid for bleaching Thread and Cotton Twill. 599

108. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches. 600

109. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain Cases. Ibid.

110. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates; and for the remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the repairing of County Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England. 601

111. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 605

112. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 607

113. An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Ibid.

114. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Page 608

115. An Act to make more effectual Provision for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses and Lights round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. Ibid.

116. An Act to amend an Act of this Session of Parliament for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England. 616

117. An Act for imposing additional Duties of Customs on certain Species of Wood, and on Pot and Pearl Ashes imported into Great Britain. Ibid.

118. An Act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain. 619

119. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Turkey, Egypt or the Levant Seas, in Foreign Ships. 622

120. An Act to explain, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service. 623

121. An Act to authorize the Transfer, to the East Indies, of Debts originally contracted there, on the Part of the East India Company, payable in England. 624

122. An Act to remove Doubts as to an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to raising Men for the Service of the East India Company. 625

123. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon. 626

124. An Act for vesting in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Lands or Grounds, formerly Part of the Wastes of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, freed and discharged of Commonable and other Rights. 635

125. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 640

126. An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties. Page 640

127. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch. 709

128. An Act for better securing the Duties on Malt. 717

129. An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. 721

130. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons destroying the Properties of His Majesty's Subjects; and enabling the Owners of such Properties to recover Damages for the Injury sustained. 740

131. An Act to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Six pence in the Pound, certain Augmentations made to the Stipends of Parishes in Scotland. 742

132. An Act for explaining, amending and extending the several Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money, to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and for directing the mode of making up the Accounts of Pensions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army. Ibid.

133. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. 750

134. An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland. 756

135. An Act for advancing Two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds to the East India Company, to enable them to discharge Part of the Indian Debt. 775

136. An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to regulate the Price of Coals to be bought for the Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin. 780

137. An Act for extending the time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the manner therein mentioned. 781

138. An Act for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company. 787

139. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported into Great Britain. 790

140. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Articles to the Isle of Man from Great Britain. 802

141. An Act to regulate the manner of licensing Boats by the Commissioners of the Customs, and the delivering up of Licences in Cases of Loss or Capture of Vessels licensed; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Customs to purchase certain Boats at a Valuation. 803

142. An Act to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another, in the same Port. Page 809

143. An Act for amending and reducing into one Act, the Provisions contained in any Laws now in force imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in Breach of or in Resistance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain. 816

144. An Act to suspend and finally vacate the Seats of Members of the House of Commons, who shall become Bankrupts, and who shall not pay their Debts in full, within a limited time. 823

145. An Act to explain the Exemption from Toll in several Acts of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Husbandry; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horses, in certain other Cases therein specified. 825

146. An Act for the better regulating and preferring Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marriages and Burials in England. 828

147. An Act for regulating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children, by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty; and for extending the Limitation mentioned in the said Act in Proposition to the Increase of the said Duties. 837

148. An Act to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the time being, to dispose of and transfer all such Public Stocks or Funds, as now do or shall hereafter stand in his Name, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Trust for His Majesty. 838

149. An Act to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the passing of this Act. Ibid.

150. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the same 842

151. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Pensions and Allowances as are given to British Officers under the like circumstances. 851

152. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office. 853

153. An Act to rectify a Mistake and to carry into more effectual Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the British White Herring Fishery. 858

154. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 859

155. An Act to repeal certain Acts, and amend other Acts relating to Religious Worship and Assemblies, and Persons teaching or preaching therein. 871

156. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons aiding Prisoners of War to escape from His Majesty's Dominions. Page 877

157. An Act to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively. 878

158. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and of an Act passed in this present Session for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annuities, to all other transferrable Stocks and Funds. 882

159. An Act for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of such Liquors and Tobacco. 884

160. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to order parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols. 887

161. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclesiastical Purposes. 889

162. An Act for the Preservation of the public Peace in certain disturbed Counties in England; and to give, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Justices for that Purpose. 911

163. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 918

164. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland. 941

165. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act for embanking and draining certain Lands adjoining the River Wade in the Parishes of Steeple cum Stansgate and Saint Lawrence in the County of Essex. Page 970

ii. An Act for vesting in the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Stafford, a House for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes, and for maintaining and supporting the same; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty for building a new Shire Hall for the said County. Page 970

iii. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

iv. An Act for repairing the Road from Roborough Down to the Tavistock Road near Dart Moor Prison of War, and to Two Bridges, in the County of Devon. 971

v. An Act for inclosing Siddal Moor, situate within the Township of Hopwood, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

vi. An Act for inclosing Great Crosby Marsh, in the Manor of Great Crosby, and Parish of Sephton, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

vii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alfreton to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Erith in the County of Kent. Ibid.

x. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Deopham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xi. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in Liversedge, in the Parish of Birstall, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for the better Employment and Support of the Poor in the Parishes of Westfirle, Beddingham and Glynde, in the County Of Sussex. 972

xiv. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Harbour of Maryfort in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xvi. An Act to alter and increase the Rates of Tonnage, authorised to be taken by the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Western Canal; and to amend the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for allotting the Lands in the Parish of Hempstead, in the County of Norfolk, and for the Drainage of the Marshes or Fen Grounds within the said Parish, and of certain other Marshes, Meadows and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Happisburgh, Eccles, Palling next the Sea, Lessingham and Ingham, in the County aforesaid. Page 972

xviii. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of Horsey, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xix. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane. Ibid.

xx. An Act to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin to raise a sufficient Sum of Money, by Preferment, for completing the rebuilding Lucan Bridge over the River Anna Liffey at Lucan, in the Parish of Lucan, in the County of Dublin. 991

xxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hedon to Hull, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of York. 992

xxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hull to Beverley, and from Newland Bridge to Cottingham, in the County of York. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to Helmingham, and to Debenham, and from Hemingston to Otley Bottom, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mary, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby, and in the County of the City of Lichfield. Ibid.

xxvi An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Stone Street Hatch at Ockley, in the County of Surrey, to join a Branch of the Horsham and Guildford Road at Warnham, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for completing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through Tetbury to Woefield Corner, and a Road from thence to or near Lambridge, near the City of Bath, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and also to repair a certain Road from Duffton to Underbridge, in the Parish of Shipton Moigne, in the said County. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Carnarvon, so far as the same relate to The Saint Asaph and Conway Districts of Road. 993

xxix. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith in the same County. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Wendover to the End of Oak Lane, and from the River Colne, for Half a Mile, towards Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks. Page 993

xxxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Chesterfield to Hernstone Lane Head, with its Branches; and for amending and making a certain other Road to communicate therewith, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Congham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caister, next Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Dereham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirby Bedon, in the County of Norfolk. 994

xxxvii. An Act for enlarging the present or providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Strood, in the County of Kent; for better governing, maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Parish; and also for repairing or rebuilding the Church and Tower of the same Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to the City of Durham. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for amending the Road from Brough to Welton, in the same Riding. Ibid.

xl. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Cardigan; and also for making other Roads in the said County. Ibid.

xli. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwest, through Fishguard, to Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and from Fishguard to the City of Saint David's, in the said County. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Llanvihangel Nantmellan, in the County of Radnor. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caston, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pilleth, in the County of Radnor. 995

xlv. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Southweald, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for further improving the said Navigation. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act to authorize the Commissioners for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivera Thames and Isis, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, to make a navigable Canal out of the River Thames near Milson's Point, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, to communicate with the said River at or near Bell Weir, in the said Parish of Egham; and to erect Pound Locks in such Cut, with necessary Weirs and other Works on the said Navigation. Page 995

xlviii. An Act for empowering the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, to purchase a Messuage and Premises for holding their Meetings; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Commissioners. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for erecting a new Gaol in or near the Burgh of Cupar, in the County of Fife, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1003

l. An Act for the Improvement of certain Parts of the Harbour of Catwater within the Manor of Plympton in the County of Devon; and for the more effectually providing for the Security of the Communication from Pamphlet Point across the contiguous Water of Lary within the said Manor. Ibid.

li. An Act for paving, cleaning and otherwise improving the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranston Hill Water Works to raise more Money for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, with Water. Ibid.

liii. An Act for empowering the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Dublin and of the County of Dublin, and the Corporation, to preserve and improve the Port of Dublin, to vary the Scite heretofore fixed for the intended Bridge over the River Anna Liffey, in the said City (in place of Ormond Bridge) from a Spot opposite the Four Courts, to a Spot opposite Charles Street or Mast Lana, in the said City; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

liv. An Act for making further Provision for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service. 1010

lv. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Renfrew, building a Bridge or Bridges at Inchinnan, and regulating the Statute Labour of the said County, and for other Purposes relative thereto. 1019

lvi. An Act for repairing the Roads from Warminster, and from Frame, to the Bath Road; and from Woolverton to the Trowbridge Road, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for improving the Public Roads in and through the City of Coventry. Ibid.

lviii. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Her-street Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lix. An Act for amending the Roads from Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the County of York; and from Denshaw to Brownhill, and from Grains to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said County of York. Page 1020

lx. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Upton in Ratley to Great Kington and Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Second District of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ovingham, Bywell Saint Peter and Bywell Saint Andrew, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Differth and Llanelweth, in the County of Radnor. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in Thornthwaite, in the Parish of Crosthwaite, and County of Cumberland. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Great Shefford otherwise West Shefford, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crayford, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rockland Saint Andrew, Rockland All Saints, and Rockland Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk. 1021

lxix. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Rivers Ant and Bure, at or near Wayford Bridge, near Dilham, to the Towns of North Walsham and Antingham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Medway, near Brandbridges in the Parish of East Peckham in the County of Kent, to extend to and unite with the Royal Military Canal in the Parish of Appledore in the said County; and also certain Navigable Branches and Railways from the said intended Cana. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for building a Chapel in the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending certain Mileways leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the University and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and adjoining Parish of Saint Clement, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for more effectually paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Highways, Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, watering and watching such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for more effectually paving, widening and improving the Streets and other Places within and adjoining to the said Parish. Page 1021

lxxvi. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places without the Walls, but within the Liberties, of Newcastle upon Tyne. 1021

lxxvii. An Act for better supplying with Coal the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

---

lxxviii. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Portsmouth and Portsea, and other Races within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Sfithead, Saint Helen, r, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the hid Island, axd frw regulating the Fares of sech Watermen. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth; and for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the said County, and more effectually making and regulating the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the same. 1029

lxxx. An Act for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of the Bridge over the River Avon, at or near Stretford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and for widening the same Bridge, and improving the Approaches thereto. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for repairing the Road from Chatham to Canterbury, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby Bridge, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester. 1030

lxxxiii. An Act for continuing the Term and amending the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Chrifian Halford Bridge, and from Caine to Lynehant Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiatd Marsh, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for repairing the Roads from BaitertM Moor End to the Turnpike Road from Buxton to Ashborne; from Blafion Moor to the same Turnpike Road near Newhavenf and from Warflow to Edon Mine, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Denbigh to the Ncrtbop ond Holywell Road, and from Afnn Wen to Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to an adjoining Branch of Road. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thirty first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to EUaJlok, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Cownties of Derby and Stafford. Ibid.

123

lxxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwest, to the City of Saint Davids, and from the said City to Caerfai, in the County of Pembroke, Page 1030

lxxxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads to and from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ternhill to Newport, in the County of Salop. 1031

xc. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirty first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Worhfop to the Turnpike Road at Kelbam, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham, and the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Kneefal and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, all in the same County. Ibid.

xci. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Perth and Forfar. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for repairing the Road from Siorrington to Balls Hiit, in Walberton, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Forde to Red Hill, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xciv. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases.of a certain Field or Close, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estates late of the Reverend Richard Sutton Tates, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

xcv. An Act to enable the Guardian of Henry Courtney, a Minor, to make Leafe6 of certain Parts of said Minor's Estates, in and

xcvi. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a Messuage and Lands in the Parish of Alfreton, in the County of Derby, purchased with the Sum of One hundred Pounds bequeathed by the Will of George Sjpateman for charitable Purposes, for a Messuage and Lands of Joseph Outram Gentleman, in the Parish of Matlock, in the same County. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the time being, to grant Building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, and to fell the present Rectory House and Garden, and to build a new Rectory House. 103?

xcviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Caflerton, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Burgh Castle and

Ibid.

near the City of Dublin. Ibid.

HerringHut in the County of Suffolk,

Ibid.

c. A*

{Local Igf Personal) 5* GEO. III.

c. An Act for inclosing Lands in Grin diet on, Bradford, Waddington and Bashall, in the Parish of Milton, in the County of York.

Page 103a

ci. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships of Scalthwaite-riggf Hay and Hutton yith Hay, in the Parish of Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

cii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Tonge, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, and County of Lancaster. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alfreton, in the Conoty of Derby. Ibid.

civ. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blymhill in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cv. An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for fixing the Wharfage of Goods landed within the said Port and Harbour; and for better maintaining the Buoys, Beacoi.s, and Seamarks, belonging thereto. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Hay Railway to amend, vary and extend the Line of the said Railway, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Railway, 1033

cvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the End1 of the Llanvihangel Railway, in the Parish of Llanvtbangel Cru-coney, in the County of Monmouth, to or near to the Twelfth Mile Stone, in the Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, to the City of Hereford. Ibid.

---

cviii. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining Lands lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and restoring the Navigation of the said River; and for repealing another Act of His present Majesty, in relation to the said Drainage and Navigation. Ibid.

cix. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Sidwell, in the City and County of the City of Exeter. Ibid.

cx. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Bishop Stortford, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for paving the Footpaths and for lighting and watching that Part of the Kent Street Road which leads from Kent Street End unto the Bridge next immediately below the Green Man Turnpike, situated within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and certain public Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages and Places communicating therewith, respectively situated within the said Parish, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Newington, adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for lighting and watching the Road leading from Newington Butts to the Nag's Head, on the Wandsworth Road, and several other Roads and Places communicating therewith, situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Lambeth, Clapham, and Battersea, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and for regulating the Police and Markets of the said Town. 1034

cxiv. An Act for allowing further Time for the Completion of Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to the London Dock Company. Page 1034

---

cxv. An Act for repairing the Road from Offham to Diubelling, in the County of Sussex. 1035

cxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Banner Croft, in the West Riding of the County of York, through the Township of Dorey to or near to Fox House, in the County of Derby; and also a Branch from Dore aforesaid, to or near to Owlcr Bridge, in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, so far as the same relate to the Flint, Holywell and Mojlyn Districts of Road. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berls. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Bury Saint Edmunds to Newmarket, and from Brandon to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentish Town to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Tideswell to Blackwell, and thence to Sough Lane; and also from Edenfor to djhford, all in the County of Derby. 1036

cxxii. An Act for making ai d maintaining a Road from the East End of a Close called Lords Close, in the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmorland, into the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and for building a Bridge in the Line of the said Road over the River Eamontf which divides the said Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made between Thomas Fowler Gentleman, and Mary his Wife, both deceased, and the Vicar of Walberton, in the County of Sussex* of Lands and Hereditaments of the said Thomas Fowler, in the Parish of Walberton* for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Parish. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Mark Majlerman Sykes Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue of such Purchase Monies, under the like Direction, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in such Part of the Parish of Eglwysfach as lies in the County of Denbigh, and in the several Parishes of Llanfaintffraid Gian Conway and Llanelian in Rhos, in the same County. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Mtrricit in the County of York. Ibid.

{Local & P

cxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Saint Mary Extra and SoutA Stoneham, in the County of Southampton. Page 1036

cxxviii. An Act for inclosing Land* in the Manor of Aspatria, and in the several Parities of Aspatria, Brumfield and Allh allow sy in the County of Cumberland. 1037

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Altkburgh, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in Thurlstone, in the Parish of Penistone, and County of York. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Afihal, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Belton, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Itcben Abbas, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Warthill, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Great Bentley, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for inclosing the Forest of Deiameret in the County of Chester. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Dundas to sell certain Feu and Teind Duties and Casualties of the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland, upon entailing Lands equivalent in Value thereto. Ibid.

cxxxviii. An Act for maintaining the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Town of Traleey in the County of Kerry. 103$

cxxxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Old Furnace to Newbridge and Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, and from Merthyr Tydvil to the Bridge over the River Tass, which divides the Counties of Glamorgan and Brecon. Ibid.

cxl. An Act to explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of certain Acts passed for making and maintaining The Grand Junction Canal. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal with Aqueducts, Feeders and Reservoirs, from the Stort Navigation at or near Bishop's Stortford, in the County of Hertford, to join the River Cam, near Clayhithe Sluice, in the County of Cambridge, with a navigable Branch or Cut from the said Canal at Sawston to Whaddon, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Penrhyn / mawr, in the Parish of Llanjibangel Efceifing, to Redwharf in the Parish of Llanbedrgoch, in the County of Anglesey; and also a Dgck in the Parish of Llanbedrgoch aforesaid dia.

cxliii. An Act for draining, inclosing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton j and for forming the same into a Parish, to be called Newborough; and for building and endowing a Church for such Parish. Ibid.

cxliv. An Act for forming into Townships certain Extraparochial Lands in Wildmort Fen, and in the West and Eafi Fens, in the County of Lineal*u. Ibid.

till

cxlv. An Act for embanking The Hundred Feet Washes, in the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level. Page 1039

cxlvi. An Act for enabling The Highgate Archway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, to complete their Works. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a bridge across the River Thames, near Fauxhall, and making Roads thereto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey. Ibid.

cxlviii. An Act for establishing a Ferry over the River Thames from Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

cxlix. An Act for widening and improving the Street or Road leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper East Smithfeld, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cl. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the First, Two Acts of King George the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Glou cester towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cli. An Act for continuing the Term, and for altering and amending several Acts passed in the Third, Twenty fourth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending and keeping in Repair, several Roads within the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

clii. An Act for making a new Branch of Road from the Town of Carmarthen to Lauglier, in the County of Glamorgan, and another Branch of Road from the Great Mountain to Llandilo, in the same County. Ibid.

cliii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, and of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny and Tipperary; and also for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the Town of Clonmel, through the County of Waterford, to the Cross Roads of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipperary. 1040

cliv. An Act for making a Public Carriage Road from the present Turnpike Road, near the South End of Highbury Place, Islington, to Haberdashers Walk, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

clv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market House in the Town of Great Faringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clvi. An Act to vest the Coins and Medals given by the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, deceased, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. Ibid.

clvii. An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School. Ibid.

52 GEO. III.

clviii. An Act to enable the Vicar, for the time being, of the Vicarage of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the said Vicarage, and to fell the present Vicarage Hduse, Garden and Out Officet occupied therewith, and certain Part of the Glebe Land, and to purchase Land and build thereon a new Vicarage House. Page 1040

clix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Tything or Hamlet of West Compton, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Berks. 1041

clx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wyfingfet otherwise Whijfonsett, Stanfield and Homing toft, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

clxi. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes Lands in the Parish of Braughing, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

clxii. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Manor and Parish of Upton, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

clxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holbeach and Whaplode, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

clxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in Biddenbam, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

clxv. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanarthney, Llanon, Llandebye and Llcmvibangel Aberbythick, in the County of Carmarthen r. Ibid.

clxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

clxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Stagfden, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

clxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for felling Part of the said Lands, and applying the Produce thereof in Aid of the Poors* Rates of the said Parish. Ibid.

clxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in Llangefni, Llanddyfnan, Pentraeth and Cerrigceinwen, in the County of Anglesey. 1042

clxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in Barrington, in the County of York. Ibid.

clxxi. An Act for disaforesting the Forest of Parkburfi, in the County of Southampton, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. Ibid.

clxxii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Forty li; h Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the n i. v of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts; and for otii.r Pu.p relating thereto. Ibid.

clxxiii. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwdiy, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or l'r: Rudus, in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parishes therein mentionvil, in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

clxxiv. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes in the Parishes of Stalding, Moulton, Whap lode, Holbeeb and Cedney. in the County of Lincoln; and also for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty as affects the Marshes. Ibid.

*xyat

V

Sand* on the Outside of the Sea Bank, lately made by virtc t, the fhrft mentioned Act. Page 104

clxxv. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for enabling the several Persons therein named to dispose of oertati Houses in and near Skinner Street, in the City of Louden9am Pickett Streeti Temple Bur, Westminster, by Lottery. Ibid.

clxxvi. An Act for exchanging a Fee Simple Estate belonging to George Brooke Esquire, for Estates under Settlement, dcvifeci fcy the Will of the late Reverend John Brooke Clerk, in the Countiei of Salop, Stafford, Warwick and Montgomery. Ibid.

clxxvii. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke Esquire, and the Trustees of his settled Estates. 104J

clxxviii. An Act for vesting certain Estates of John Graham Esquire, and John Smith Graham Gentleman, in Charles Court, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees* to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

clxxix. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Elizabeth Jackson, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Money in manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

clxxx. An Act for effecting the Sale of unsettled Freehold Estates, belonging to Thomas Whitmore Wylde Browne, an Infant, in Fee Simple, and for investing the Purchase Monies in other Real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infant in Fee Simple. Ibid.

clxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wey otherwise Weyhill, within the Manor of Ramridge, in the County of Southampton, and in the Hamlet or Township of Applejhaw in the said County. Ibid.

clxxxii. An Act for erecting a Court House, County House, or Session* House, for the Use of the City and County of Londonderry. Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Act for increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering and repairing Blackfriars Bridge. Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Act for effecting the Sale of Part of the settled Estates of the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinson; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the former Uses. Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining of the Piers and Harbour of Whithy in the County of York. Ibid.

clxxxvi. An Act for separating the Management of the Harbour of Margate, in the County of Kent, from the Paving and Lighting of the Town of Margate, and for veiling the future Management of the said Harbour in a Joint Stock Company of Proprietors. 1044.

clxxxvii. An Act for vesting the settled Estates in the County of Northampton of Richard Aldworth Griffin Lord Braybrooke, and Part of the devised Estates in the County of Essex of John Griffin Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braylrooke, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

(Local & Personal)

clxxxviii. An Act for farther continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fatten, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers of the Commissionert appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty ixth Year of His present Majesty, far enabling the Commissioners acting in pursuance of an Agreement between the East India Campeny and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Cat* netic, to carry the same into Effed. Page 1044

clxxxix. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in the County of LacejUr, for Part of the unsettled Estates of the said Earl, situate in the County of Derby. Ibid.

cxc. An Act to enable Francis Earl of Moira, and the Persons entitled in Aererfion expedant on his Estate for Life, to grant Leafea of Mines and Mineral Property on their Estates, in Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, and Oakthorpe in the County of Derby. Ibid.

cxci. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Montague Earl of Abingdon to grant Leases for Lives, or for Years determinable on lifts, of his settled Estates in the Parishes of Cumner alias Camber, and Htnhfey, in the County of Berks, upon the Terms ud subject to the Restrictions therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxcii. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and enterea into between the Right Reverend Fatlier in God John Lord Bishop of London, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Frederick Treife Morjbead Esquire, Sir John Morjbead Baronet, and Dame Elia.a* beth his Wife, and Selina ThiJUethwayte; and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal. 1045

cxciii. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to fell, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of London and his Lessees of the Estate at Paddington, belonging lo the Sreof London* to pprehafe certain Waters and Springs, and the Conduits and other Appurtenances thereto, within the several Parishes of Mary le bone and Paddington, in the County of

XU*

Middlesex. Ibid.

cxciv. An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in Devonshire Square in the City of London, and a Messuage and Lands situate at IVimbIsdon in the County of Surrey, Pait of Estates fittled by the Will of Abraham Aguilar deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxcv. An Act for making ami maintaining a navigable Canal from The Grand JunBSon Canal in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parish of Limehouse, with a Collateral Cut in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxci. An Act for making a Pier and Landing Place at Ryde, in the Isle of Wight. Ibid.

cxcvii. An Act for watching and lighting Part of the Hi^h Road leading from London to Croydon, commencing at the Turnpike Gate at Kensington, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and leading from thence on the Line of the fai4 Road, to Brixton Hill, and as far as the said Parish extends in that Direction. Ibid.

cxcviii. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, fof suking a Road from the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, to

Oxford

XXX

Deptford in the County of Kent, and a Branch therefrom to HorJUy-down, in the said County of Surrey. Page 1046

cxcix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Power* of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cc. An Act for enabling the Devisees in Trust named in the Will of George Shaw deceased. to grant Building Leases of certain Estates situate in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney otherwise Stebunheath, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised. Ibid.

cci. An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Great Tithes of the Prebend of Beachill and Knaresbrough, in the County of York, in Trust, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of Estates to be settled and annexed to the said Prebend. Ibid.

ccii. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates of Edmond Waller Esquire, deceased, to raise Money upon Mortgage of the lame Estates, for the Purpose of satisfying the Fines payable to the Bishop of Winchester, for the JLeafe of the Manor of Moreton, in the County of Buckingham; and for vesting the said Leasehold Premises in the Trustees upon Trusts, corresponding to the Uses of the settled Estates. Ibid.

cciii. An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Price Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell certain Parts thereof, and out of the Purchase Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt due to the Representatives of Charles Gore Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Residue, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, and to stand seised of and convey the Estates to be so purchased, as well as those remaining unfold, to the Uses of the said John Price's Will. Ibid.

cciv. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Maurice Nugent O'Connor Esquire, in the County of Roscommon, in Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances, and for settling other Estates in the King's County, in Ireland, in lieu of the Estates so to be sold. 1047

ccv. An Act to enable the Dean of Saint Paul London to grant a Lease of Messuages, Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and to enable the Lelkes to grant Sub Leases for building on and repairing that Estate. Ibid.
---
ccvi. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of South Cove in the County of Suffolk, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of Depding otherwise Depden, in the same County, belonging to Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet. Ibid.

ccvii. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of George Philippe Esquire, deceased, situate in the County and County Borough of Carmarthen in Trustees; to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

ccviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Beddington, with the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

ccix. An Act for building a new Prison in the City of London, for removing thereto Prisoner* confined under Civil Process in the GaolAn Act for building a new Prison in the City of London, for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate, and for converting the Building now containing the said Two Compters and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the said Two Compters and into a House of Correction for the said City of London. Page 1047

ccx. An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to improve and grant Building Leases of the Ground in Moorfields; also to sell all the Ground comprised in such Leases wheo improved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increasing the Orphans Fund. Ibid.

ccxi. An Act for the further Improvement of Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey. 1048

ccxii. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Longhorn, Kempston, Mileham, and Beeston next Mileham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

NOT PRINTED.
---
1. AN Act for naturalizing Christian Dietrichfen.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Nettleton, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandon Parva otherwise Little Brand, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Hold fajl, in the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in Iloningham, in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Island and Parish of West Thomey, in the County of Siftex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in Lindley, in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Toft, in the County of Cambridge.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wormington, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Charlton Horethorne, in the County of Somerset.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gujfage Saint Michael, in the County of Dorset.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shipfion upon Slower, in the County of Worcester.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Body moor Heath, or Heath Houses, in the County of Warwick.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish s of Ofmondefton otherwise Scole and Frcnze, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palgraw, in the County of Suffolk.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milbomc Port, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Earsham^ Ditchingham and Hedenham, in the County of Norfolk.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Horsham, in the County of Sussex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

19. An Act for naturalizing David Bromer.

20. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Boyefon.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Greet and Stsdefy Tenements, in the Parish of Winchcomb, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Haresfeld, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longney, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in Little Paxton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

25. An Act for allotting and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Brocklesby and Great Limber, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Wratting otherwise Talworth Wratting, in the County eft Suffolk.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Witton, BaBon % Edingthorpe and Paston, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Hillingdon, in the County of Middlesex.

29. An Act for naturalizing John Didcrich Rucker.

30. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Charles Meyer.

31. An Act for naturalizing Charles Green.

32. An Act for naturalizing Elifee Hubert Defvignes.

33. An Act to relieve the Honourable John Bruce Richard O'Neill, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Antrim, from certain Penalties which he has incurred by sitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Respects conformed to the Laws in such Case made and provided.

34. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex, Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Bristol, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of more convenient Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Oufden otherwise Owfden, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newton upon Ouze, and in the Township of Shipton, in the Parish of Overton, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

(Local & Personal, not printed)

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Qnfftnn, n the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in North Lopham and South Lopham, in the County of Norfolk

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of LidgaU, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Patifbua of IVymering and Wtdltji and Hamlets of Cosham and Hilfta, on the South Side of PortJAoum Hill, in the County of Hants.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Southampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Piuxton, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Stmaburn, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

44. An Act for inckifiner Lands in the Townshipi of Eaglesfield and Blindbotbely in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Baeffey, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton, in the County of Oxford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Edgefieldin the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Ackton, in the Parish of Featherfone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Panin of Cold Higham with Grimfcote, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes thereof, and of Potcote, in the said Parish.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Brinsworth, in the Cojmty of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishea of Barton Hartfborne and Chetwode, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Clayhidon, in the Parish of Clayhidon, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pehworth, in the County of Gloucester

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

54. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Rothwell otherwise Rowell, in the County of Northampton.

'hure, in a* County of

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

for inclosing Lands in Kirkhy TL

55. An Act for i IVfmorion d.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

2 $2 Geo. III. b

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Aston uport Carrant and Pamington Home downs, in the Parish of A/bchtnxh, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanelly, Llangenech and Hanedy, within the Commot of Canawlion, in the Lordship of Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stapleford, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Wickham, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Brockham and Haft Betchworth, within the Parish of Betxhworth, in the County of Surrey.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrhyftid, and the several other Parishes therein mentioned in the County of Cardigan.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanfynydd, Llanegwad, Llangatben and Llanfibangel Kilvargan, in the County of Carmarthen.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

63. An Act for naturalising Jean de Courtenay.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Creech Saint Michael, in the County of Somerset.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Barton under Needwood and Tatenhill, in the Parish of Tatenhill, and in the Townships of Toxall and Hoarcross, in the Parish of Toxall, and in the Townships of Nethertown and Hampstall Ridware, in the Parish of Hampstall Ridware, in the County of Stafford.

[Allotment to His Majesty. No Lease of Lands allotted to ReOor of Tatenhill, without Consent of His Majesty as Patron erf the Advowson.]

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Martin in the Parish of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex.

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrwfi, in the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Buckland, in the County of Somerset.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Poling, in the County of Sussex.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in Chalton, Catherington, ClanfcU, Blendworth and Idsworth, in the County of Southampton.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Much Birch and Little Birch, in the County of Hereford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Moore Esquire with Sidney Arabella Moore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

(Local & Personal, not printed)

74. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Blackford Esquire, with Maris Camilla Blackford his now Wife, and to enable him to many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ncvin, and other

Fviihet and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Penmorfa,

Do&amarn a le County of Camar-

77. An Act to a valid Settlement on the Marriage intended between him and Anne Salvin Spinster, notwithstanding his Minority.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Priino.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty second Day of Junes Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Seventh Day of January 4 1812, being the Sixth Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.*

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[4th February 1812.]

XXXVI. PROVIDED always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or to authorize the deducing from or assessing any Person under any of the Provisions of this Act, upon any Annuity, Pension or Stipend paid to such Person on account of his hating been Or sctethas a Minister or Resident at any foreign Court.

XXXIX. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for nulling perpetual, subjcS to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein jiated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousands even hundred and ninety eight (nj, it to enacted, That the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Tptee

Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and no longer, bat fhoald from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same should be spedally continued by Parliament; which said fertrtd

(a) [$<rr 42 G. 3. a 116.  t.]

{2 Geo. III.  1 Duties

Penfiom tt> foos who have a&ad u Minis-

tcr*, &c n foreign Couiu not liable.

38 0.S..*>.

39 G. 3. c. 3.

49 G. 3. c. 9S.

40 G. 3. c. 69.

putictonFugir, 3a*. continued.

40 G. 3. c. 61.

C. i, 2. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 18

Duties were, by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Y

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftonsy Offices

4 Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Sntrffi*

the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninrtjr n further continued until the Twenty lifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subsequent Acts, w

further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven s And whereas, by an Act passed

the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for repeating the several Duties of Qufloms chargable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thar< 4 the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Dut

granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And whereas, by another P passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present KCajei

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, certain of the f;

Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snu and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other DutJ

granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted I 4 the said last recited Acts were continued until the Twenty fifth X). of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And where the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco* and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences ai

Tobacco, were, by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of tl Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twent fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve: I it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tc bacco and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiratio of the time limited as aforesaid, uiitiithe Twenty fifth Day of Marc One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and all Monies anfinj thereby, which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer shall be entered separate and diilind from all other Monies paid an< payable to His Majesty.

[This Act, except the Clauses above inserted, is similar to 51 G. 3. c. 2.]

CAP. II.

An Act to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other conquered Islands in the West Indies, to be taken out of Warehouse on the Payment of the like Rate of Duty for Waste as British Plantation Sugar.

[4th February 1812.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Mariegalante liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations, Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Martinique, imported into this Kingdom, is fubied to the Payment of such Duties, and also to such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by Law imposed and provided in the

A.D. 1812.

3

s* Geo. m.

case of Importations of Sugar 30t of the British Plantations; and by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His 50 G. 3. c. 6i.

Cud Majesty, intituled An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Guadaloupe. Saint Eustatia, Saint Mirtin and Saba, liable to the same

Duty on Importation at Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations,

Gmilar Provision i* made as to Sugu the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Guadaloube: And wleivas, by an Act passed in the

Forty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured

in Warehouse without Payment of Lusty, when any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to betaken out of or from any Warehouse or Place in which the same (hal have been lodged orfecured at cording to the Diiedions of the hid Ad, for the Purpose of Exportation, the proper Officer or Oficers of the Cullomsare required to reexamine the same; and in case it shall appear on such 4 Re-examination that the Quantity is Ids than the Quantity taken be the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs by virtue and iri pursuance of the said Act at the first Zxami nation thereof, then and in such case the Importer or Imptrter?, Proprietor or Proprietors. Consignee or Consignees of tuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Person or Persons intending to take out the same,

are, before the same are so delivered out oI the Warehouse for the Purpose aforesaid, to make a due Entry of such deficient Quantity,

snd^jay to the proper Officer or Officers of the CuMoms the full Duties of Customs thereon: And whereai it would not be rea-

finable to subject the Importers. Proprietors or Consignees, or the Persons intending to take out of the Warehoifes any such Sugar,

the Growth, Produce or Manufacture co Martinique, Mariegalante,

Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin, Saba or Guadalotpe, to the Payment of the high Duties upon such Deficiencet; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That On nweiJjing wheaever, upon the reweighing any Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Idands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint .ot

Eustatia, Saint Martin, Saba or Guadaloupe, for the Purpose of Ex* chargeable with portation, it shall appear that the Weight of the Sugar is less than higher Diujn ban when taken account of by the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuf- j*uS*r toms at the first Examination thereof, the Importer or Importers,

Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of such Sugar, or the Person or Persons intending to take out the same, shall not be subject to the Payment of any higher Rate of Duty for the deficient Quantity than what is charged and payable upon the Importation of Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations at the time the Sugar shall be reweighed for the Purpose of Exportation; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or

4

A.D. 1812.

C. 3.

52 GEO. III.

O G. 8. C. 7.

RpvivrH, tnil comimwl lill Dec. 1)1, 1913.

His Majesty may, after Oc\. 1.1812, permit Distillation fniui Grain (Wheat excepted),

of mar ptohihH file DiAillatioti f r a lo-ger Veruxl.

Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting crrtain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during tie Prohibition of Difiiilation from Corn or Grain in Great Iritain.

[7th February 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled,

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom for a limited lime* mould be revived and continued for a time to be limited, as far as the same regards Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and wth the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aid Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighth Day of Febrtary One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Act shall, and the same is hereby, as far as the same regards that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and as far as the same is not abered by this Act, revived, and shall remain and continue in force from thenceforth, until and upon the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty, at any time after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to he for the Benelt and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the making of Worts or Wafti for Distillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Gram (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order in Council, to he publiftied from time to time in The London Gazette* to permit and suffer all and every Person or Persons (but not any particular Person or Persons), at any time or times, not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Waih for Distillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from any Malt, Flour or Bran; or io case His Majesty, at any time after the said First Day of Odokr One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, further to continue the Prohibition of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order in Council, to be publiftied from time to time is The London Gazette* to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain* from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the ne&t Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore

52 GEO. III.

3-

mentioned; that is to say, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, during the Continuance of fttch' Prohibition, no Worts or Waflt for Distillation shall be made frdm Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Distiller and Distdlers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, shall, on or before the Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, dftil into Spirits all the Worts or Wash brewed or made from Mah, Corn or Grain which shall, on the said Eighth Day of February Oae thousand eight hundred and twelve, be in his, her or thetr Custody or Possession, on Pain of forfeiting alt such Wort or Walh which (halt, after the said Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be found by any Officer or Offtcen of Excifr, or be in the Cutlody or Possession of any such Distiller or Dffiiiers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; and no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall dissolve, mix or brew any Sugar for the making of Worts or Wadi for extracting Spirits, until all the Worts or Wash brewed or made from Corn or Grain which shall have been in the Custody or Possession of such DistQkr or D.(tiliers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, on the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall have been actually di(filled into; Spirits of the Second Extraction, by the Space of Four Days at the least, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Site hundred Pounds.

IV. And whereas an Act was made in the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to suspend the Importation of British or W\ft\-marie Spirits into Great Britain

or Ireland respectively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, which Act was further continued by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and was furrier continued by another Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And wherea3 it is expedient that all the Provisions for preventing the Importation of British or Irish* made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in the said Act intituled as last aforesaid contained, except as far as respects the Remission of the Penalty for the Forfeiture of any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, within a time therein limited, shall continue and be in force from the Commencement of this Act, until Four Months after the Expiration of the time which shall be fixed under the Authority of this Act, for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain.

V. And whereas during the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain it will be expedient to encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar, and also to

modify and regulate the Duties to be levied and the Drawbacks to be allowed f Be it therefore enacted, That for and during the Period of time in which, by or under the Authority of this Act, the DdhQation of Spirits from Corr\ or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited, all and singular the Duties of Excise on Worn or Walh wswed or made m England or Scotland respectively, for extracting

DtAillers to dm Wort* in PoffrlUon before Feb.2, IBIS.

T entity.

Not to difTbNe Sugar till fuel Wort shall have been HHWIea Four Day*.

Feuaky.

49 G. a. c. t.

49 G. 9. c. 105. 50 G. 3. c. 5a.

Ptnven continued. Kxcepxiou.

Duties on Spirits diddled from Grain, and Drawbacks, f if-[ended.

6

A.D. 1812.

Ufr of MtierUI, except Oai, &c. ju the brewing of Wort in Scotland, suspended.

When Prohibition ccafn. f f-peirded Duties at.d Drawbacks revived.

Instead nf suspended Duties, the following paid fwr Worts made from Sugar, tkC.

C*3. 5^ GEO. III.

Spirits 5 and all and Angular the Duties on Splits made or distittei in Scotland, and on Aqua-vita or Strong Waters made or diitdled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; and also the Duties on Licences on the Content or Capacity of Stills used or employed in Scotland, for making or diddling Low Wines or Spirits'; and also all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or diddled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, and vice versa; and also all and singular the Drawbacks on the Exportation of any such Spirits, shall be and the same are hereby suspended, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respi lively, which shall or may remain unpaid; or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the Day upon which such Prohibition of Dillillation from Corn or Grain shall commence and take effect.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Prohibition of the Use of any Material or Commodity whatsoever, in the making or brewing of Wort or Walh for diddling or extracting Spirits \n the Highlands of Scotland\ except Oats or Barley, or Bear or Bigg of the Growth of the said Highlands, shall also be suspended during the Period of time that the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall by or under the Authority of this Act be prohibited; any thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in airy wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid, of the Use of Corn and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, shall cease and determine, all and Angular the Duties, Drawbacks, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and also the Prohibition which by this Act are or shall be suspended, shall be revived, and the same are hereby in such case declared to revive and become in full Force and Effed to all Intents and Purposes what foe ver.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby suspended, there shall, during such Suspension, he raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting

Spirits in England for Home Consumption from Sugar, an Excise lty of One Shilling and Eight pence

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Wort or Wash brewed or made from Sugar, for extracting Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty of Eight pence Farthing:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and lo in Proposition for evenr higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or di (tilled to the Lowlands of Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on tl*e

f fort or Walh from which such Spirits may be made or distilled, an xcise Duty of Five pence

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 3.

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of the Cubical Content cr Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or other Apparatus therewith connetled, under whatever Name or Denomination the firne may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty of One hundred and sixty two Pounds f

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Wort'or Wash brewed or made from Sugar for extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland for Consumption in the said Highlands, an Excise Duty of Seven pence:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proposition for any higher or lower Degree of Strength which shall be made or dif-tiued in the Highlands of Scotland for Consumption in the said Highlands, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and reminded to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Wash from which such Spirit may be made or diflilied, an Excise Duty of Five pence

For every Gallon of English Wine Measure of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or other Apparatus therewith conoe&ed, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits f in the Highlands of Scotland lor Consumption in the said Highlands, an Excise Duty of Five Pounds

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proposition for any higher Degree of Strength, made or distilled from Corn or Grain in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Eight Shillings and Thiee pence: For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of which an Account shall have been taken in pursuance of this Act, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or di&iUed from Corn or Grain in Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of all such Spirits as laflf aforrfud, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer ProoL and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, Jan. Excise Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny 5 and also a further Excise Duty, propositioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer

t Sic.

f Sic.

C. 3.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Fliiu unions.

Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Pi oof, and fom Proposition for any higher Degree of Strength, made or diddled in England (rom Sugar, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Six Shillings and Three pence Halfpenny

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or diddled in Scotland from Sugar, and imported and brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Seven Shillings and Eleven pence Farthing:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of all such Spirits as lift aforesaid, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three her Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Seven Shillings and Eleven pence Farthing; and also a further Excise Duty propositioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydro-meter Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

Additional Duty For all Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua-vita, or Strong Waters (exon Rum, &c. not cept Rum of the Produce of the British Plantations), imported into of the British Great Britain, and for which the Duties chargeable thereon shall not have been paid on the Fourteenth Dav of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or imported after that Day, an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings ter Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and that such Part thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

Officers of Excise

X. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise iu

tp allow DiftUlm England, having any Still or Still House, or other Place used for Cr^tfoTai* Purpose of making or diddling Spirits under his Survey, shall

Gallons of Spirits Accounts in his Books of all Worts and Wadi whereon

of one to 10 over the Duties are by this Act imposed, and shall in his said Books give Proof for ioo untp the several Didiliers, or Makers of Spirits under his Survey, Callous of Wort. a Credit of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wadi brewed or made from Sugar, by such Distiller or Didiliers, during such time as such Distiller or Distillers shall continue to work or didil Spirits from Sugar.

Distillers in

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller ?n Scotland Scotland allowed shall be charged with, and pay the several and respective Duties by l*e i ruporuon this Act imposed oo Spirits made in Scotland, for the Confuroptioit ft? of

Duties render Commissioners of Excise.

52 GEO. III. C. 3.

of Scotland* at and after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallon* of Wort or Wash brewed or made fro Sugar by any such Distiller; and every such Distiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits for Twenty one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wash as aforesaid, brewed or made, a&d a&uaRy diddled into Spirits by such Distiller.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in England Distillrr*irEn$-fcail make, dist.il, extract or produce any Quantity, of Spirits ex- Ut.l to pay for ceeding the Proposition of Twenty one Gallons for every One hun- any Ewefsbe-drtd Gallons of Wort or Wash brewed or made from Sugar as afore. 3rwTT'! laid, every such Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceed- ^Gallon!1*" ing the Proposition aforesaid; that is to say, at and after the Rate of Seven Shillings and Pleven pence Farthing for every Gallon of such Exeels, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller who shall AftrrwUt Promake or distil Spirits in England, for Exportation from thence to portionDHliller# Scotland or who shall make or diflil Spirits in Scotland for Ex-poctation from thence to England, tshall for every One hundred Gal- for Exportation Iota of Wort or Wash brewed or made from Sugar, for making or to dthrrCuuntry extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, produce to the Sight shall produce of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and duly export to Scot Spirits, &c. land or England* as the case may require, at lead Twenty one Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and in every case where the Produce of Spirits extracted and produced to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and duly exported as aforesaid, shall fall short of the Proposition aforesaid, every such Distiller or Distillers shall, and be, she and they is and are hereby made charoeable with, and shall pay for every Gallon of Spirits which shall so fall short or be deficient, a Duty of Twenty Shillings.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, until the No Entry of First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no House for dif-Person or Persons shall be permitted to make Entry of any House Spirits or Houses, or Place or Places in England, for making or distilling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Scotland* nor shall any Per- jammed, but son or Persons be permitted to make Entry of any House or Houses, what has been or Place or Places in Scotland* for making or distilling Spirits from already entered Sugar for Exportation to England, save and except such House or Houses, or Place or Places, as shall have been duly entered and QoriJnnt# rum employed, or used for making and distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain for such Exportation from England to Scotland or from Scotland to England, as the case may require, between the First Day of October Ooc thousand eight hundred and eleven and the passing of this Act; nor shall any Person or Persons be permitted to make, in any RrftriAion % to fodi entered House or Houses, Place or Places, or to export a Num- Quantity of ber of Gallons of Spirits within the Year, from the Commence* Spirit* exported, naent of such Entry on the First Day of October One thousand eight &c* hundred and eleven, beyond the Quantity which such Person or Per-foot would have been entitled to have made from Corn or Grain, ud to have exported from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, as the case may require, if the Distillation from Corn or pnm had oc be?n prohibited, farther than the Excess of Produce

A.D. 1812.

lO

C. 3.

52 GEO. III.

Distiller* in Lowlands of Scotland producing certain Quantity of Spirits according to Contents of Still, Licence to cease.

Distillers in Highlands producing certain Quantity of Spirits according to Contents of Still, Licence to cease.

In what case Distillers in England not liable to Penalty' for difeominuing to woik.

Allowance to Distiller in Scotland, in case Quantity of Spirits limited by Licence be not produced, &c.

of Spirits from Sugar Wash above the Produce of Spirits from Corn Wash, computing such Produce at and after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every Hundred (gallons of Wort or Wash made or distilled from Corn during such Portion of the Year as such Distiller or Distillers shall have been making or distilling from Corn since the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash to be distilled from Sugar during such Period of the present Year of our Lord, as stich Distiller or Distillers shall continue to make or distil Spirits from Sugar from and after the said Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until the time at which the annual Entry of such House or Houses, or Place or Places, would havei expired 5 any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Secfiojl. c. 118. 1.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Walh from Sugar, sufficient to produce Two thousand twenty five Gallons of Spirits of the

Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller in the said Lowlands, computing Twenty one Gallons of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, then and in every such case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wash from Sugar, sufficient to produce Seventy five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller in the said Highlands, computing Twenty one Gallons of such Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, for even* One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash, then and in every such case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller in England shall be subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Prosecution, for discontinuing to work, provided such discontinuing is or shall be occasioned by the Expiration or other Termination of the Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation by or under the Authority of Parliament 5 any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and they are hereby authorised and required in case of the Termination, by or under the Authority of Parliament, of the Prohibition of the tJfe of Corn or Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, or of the Revival of the Laws which allow the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain before any licensed Distiller in Scotland mall have distilled into Spirit* the full Quantity of Wort or Waft, to which the licence of any such

A.D. 1812.

is

52 GEO. III. c. 3.

I

Distiller ftufl be limited, to pay and allow to such Distiller out of tiw Duties anting by the Distillery in Scotland a Sum of Money equal to that which shall or may have been paid in advance by such Distiller, over and above the Quantity of Wort or Wash made and I Spirits idually diddled under and by virtue of any such Licence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful I/urnce canted toasdforthe Commissionert of Excise in Scotland to \\con(e any Still in Srotlai<1 tie'or Sdh in Scotland for the Purpose of diddling Spirits from Sugar^after the Distillation from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited, provided that such Licence to be granted in the present Year of our Lord " 3 shall be granted to commence or take efled before the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve next, and no such Licence which shall be granted after the said present Year shall be granted to commence and take effect before the fird Day of Dc- Commencement. ttnbtr next ensuing the granting thereof; nor shall any such Licence be of any Validity or have any Force or Effect uotill all the Wort or Wadi brewed or made from Corn or Grain in the Custody or Possession of the Person or Persons to whom any such Licence shall be granted, shall have been actually diddled into Spirits of the Se-&d Extraction, by the Space of Four Days at the lead; any Ad oi Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall l^ridinn. m wted, or be deemed or condrued to extend, to authorize the Com- lu^t*"* iciSocers of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences until the Fird Day b'cm&tr in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Person or Persons, or to any House or Houses, Place or Places for diffulving or mixing Sugar forextrading Spirits in Scotland for tie Consumption in Scotland, excepting to such Person or Persons, o* House or Houses, or Place or Places, which, from the Tenth Day, f November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall We been lioneed, and shall have begun and continued to make Spirits from Cor* for such Consumption in Scotland; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers in Limhin* the England or Scoildnl respectively shall be allowed to make Entry for,|}rae or to make or dicti any Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from nation*

England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any other time*n*

than from and after tte Fird Day of December in each Year of our Lxd after the present Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred a#d twelve.

XXII. Provided alwa>s, and be it further enacted, That when Entry for Ex-od to foooo as any such Exhibition as aforesaid, of the Use of Corn f

and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, shall cease and determine, it ?T, r, t*

shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in England p* tVcwn Pei^i or Scotland respectively to make Entry for, and to make ordiftil Spi- when l'rohibi-fin from Corn and Grain for Exportation from England to Scotland, don lhU cease, or born Scotland to England, at anytime within Thirty Days from tie Period when such Prohibition frail cease and determine: Pro-Tided also, that no such Entry shall hive effect for any longer Period than until the Fird Day of October then next ensuing, nor shall any feeb Entry be made or admitted while any Spirits diHilled from Sugar, or any Materials for such Distillation shall be remaining on any Part of the Premises of such Distillef or DistHlers; any thing in this prwy other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

C. 3

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Licences granted iti Scotland for distilliiv^ Sprits from Sugar; and after Prohibition shall ceafr,

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, or to or for the respective Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, by and with the Leave and Approbation of the said Commissioners, to grant a Licence or Licences

Licence* framed to any Person or Persons, to make or diliil Spirits from Sugar, dur-for diililHng ing any Period in which the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain

Spirits from shall be prohibited; and also to grant Licences in like manner to any

&c Person or Persons to make or distil Spirits from Corn or Grain, at any time after the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall, by or under the Authority of Parliament, be permitted or allowed: Provided also, that no such lad mentioned Licence shall be granted to take effect before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, nor for any longer Period than until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in Great Britain shall, during such Prohibition as aforesaid of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, make vk

Using any other Thing than Sugar, except

Y a', v w. N/oui Wv. Wt inarwt wife

ing1 Wm'frl*ar' or cmPlor auy Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatJ^y

ing Distillation, during Prohibition.

[Penalty.]

ever, in brewing, making or preparing Wort or Wadi for Didish(jrvi save and except pure Yead necessary for fermenting the Wort or Waft* and save and except Sugar in the State in which the same dial h*vc been imported into this Kingdom, and without the same haiujg been previously diluted with Water or other Liquor, or undergone any Process or Manufacture whatever to alter the same, evey Distiller or Maker of Spirits so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds 5 and every Bervant of any such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, and every other Pribn who, during such Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain8 aforesaid, shall be aiding or afliding in the Use of any other Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatsoever in brewing, making or preparing of Wort or Wadi for Distillation, or in the making or diddling of any Spirits, except pure Yead and Sugar as aforesaid, shall also, for each and every such Offence, forfei. the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in Default of Payment shall suffit Three Months Imprisonment.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That tO Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall at any time while he, (he or tley shall have in his, her or their Cudody any Wort or Wadi for DAillation made or prepared from Sugar, or while he, she or they shall Je preparing or making any Wort or Wash from Sugar, or diddling tnj extracting Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wash so made or prepared, take or receive into or have or keep in his, her or their Cudody or Possession any Mo-laffes exceeding the Quantity of One Pound, nor any Wheat, Barley, Malt, Oats, Rye, Bear or Bigg, which shall have been ground, excepting Malt not exceeding Five Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour not exceeding Five Bufnels, nor any Beer Grounds, Brewers Tilts, or Worts or Wash made or prepared from any Material or Commodity whatsoever, except Sugar, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Maker

rian a Hogshead of Spirits shall take pr receive into his, her or their Cudody or Pof-of Sugar. session.

lC

[Penalty.]

Distillers having in Cufbxly Molasses or Grain beyond Quantity herein mentioned.

[Penalty.]

Not to take lef*

A.D. 1812.

*3

52 GEO. III. C. 3.

fpfiion, for the Purpose of Distillation into Spirits, any Quantity of Sugar left than One reputed Tierce or Hogshead, on Pain of forfeit- Penalty, rig the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Distiller or Notice to Officer Maker of Spirits shall receive or take into his Custody or Possession t*h're Su-" " any Sugar for Distillation into Spirits, he, she or they shall give to the*"? ort fc"1.r proper Officer of Excise Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, ^er'V C (pecifring the true Number of Tierces or Hogsheads of Sugar in-leudtdto be received Or taken in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom such Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be taken in; and if any Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall have Occasion to fell or send out any Sugar, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall, in like manner, give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty four Hours Notice' in Writing of his Intention to send out such Sugar, and shall specify in every such Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be sent out, and the time when such Sugar is intended to be sent out or delivered* and the Name of the Person to whom ind the Place to which such Sugar is intended to be sent 5 and if any Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall receive into or fend or deliver out of his Custody or Possession any Sugar without having given such previous Notice in Writing as aforesaid, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Poands. Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Prohibi- No Stish uteri in tion of the Use of Com and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits as England (except aforesaid, no Person shall be permitted to make use of any Still or Still House, or other Place or Places, or Utensils in England, for wi*in c^fxtncting or distilling Spirits from Sugar which, within Two Years Two Years shall immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, shall have have heen used been used or employed in rectifying or compounding of Spirits, save in rectifying and except the Stills, Still Houses, Utensils and Places used by Sir imam Bishop and George Bishop at Matdfine, in the County of Kent; and also save and except the Stills, Still Houses, Utensils Spirits for Home and Places, used at the Instance and under the Employment of the Consumption in Commissioners of Excise in England, for the Purpose of rectifying or England, of less compounding Spirits seized by the Officers of the Customs and Ex- Content than rife, nor shall any Person be permitted to make or distil any Spirits

whatsoever for the Consumption of England during the said Prohibition, in any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Galions, unless in the case of any Distiller or Distillers who, within One Year immediately preceding the passing of this Act, shall have in his entered Distillery used or employed a Still duly entered oflefs Content for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall make Entry or Use Penalty, of aay Distil House or Premises except as hereinbefore excepted, every such Entry shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and aO and every Person or Persons who shall make use of any such DistB House or Premises for the distilling or making of Spirits, shall he fobjed and liable to all the Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, to which the Proprietor of any private or concealed Still,

Baric or other Vessel discovered or found by any Officer or Officers of Excise for the making, preparing ot keeping Waft, Low Wines or Spirits, or other Materials preparing for I>iftil!atiWi is Ojr may

Account taken of Spirits tntde in $i>t-land for Exportation to England, Ac.

c. 3.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Licences in Scotland to retail Spirit* distilled from Hri-tish Materials, Jo authorize the Sale of any other Spirits.

Duties levied as former Duties.

be subject or liable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as loon after the p: ing of this Act as any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in Scotland, 1 Exportation to England, shall have ceased working or making S rits from Corn or Grain, it shall be lawful to and for the Comrr sioners of Excise in Scotland, and they are hereby authorised, e powered and required to cause an exact and true Account to be tak by Quantity and Strength, of all the Spirits made in Scotland i Exportation to England, and which shall be at such time mnainii in Scotland, and shall cause such Account to be transmitted to r Commissioners of Excise in England; and all such Spirits as m; be legally imported from Scotland into England shall be accompanit with a regular Permit or regular Permits, specifying whether fuc Spirits were made or diitilled from Corn or from Sugar; and fuc Spirits as shall have been diddled or made from Corn shall, up< importation into England, be charged and chargeable with all tli Duties to which such Spirits are or were subject and liable at an immediately before the patting of this Act 5 any thing herein to th contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Licences duly grantei in Scotland to retail Spirits made or diitilled from Malt, Corn, Graii or other British Materials, shall be sufficient to authorize and em power all Persons having any such Licence to retail Spirits diHil/ec or made in Great Britain from any Materials whatsoever, without Payment of any other or further Duty than is by Law payable foi Licences to retail Spirits made or diddled from Corn or Grain; any thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall (except as herein otherwise specially directed or provided) be raised, levied, collected, recovered, Secured and paid, by such Persons, at such times and in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under such Management, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Reltridions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as before excepted), as the several and respective Duties on Worts or Wash for Dill illation, and on Licences upon Stills, and also on Spirits, are or were provided, prescribed or directed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before and at the time of patting this Act, in relation to the Duties on Wort or Walh, or Spirits, or Licences upon Stills, or for the Security or due Collection of the said last mentioned Duties, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for the Regulation of the Distilleries; and all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the said Acts (except as before excepted), shall be practised and put in Execution, for ascertaining, raising, receiving, levying, recovering. Securing or paying the Several and respective Duties by this Act impaled, m manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and e&dually,

to

IS

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Former Acts in costained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to re- force* peal or alter any Act or Act* of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the diddling or making Spirits ia England or Scotland, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein, (fare and except the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act K*<*ptios. exprefdy suspended, and fare and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers or Authorities therein contained or granted, are expressly repealed, suspended, revoked, altered, contracted or controlled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained)but that all and singular the said former Ada, and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations,

Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains,

Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed or provided for aay Breach or Non-observance of the same (except as aforesaid),

shall remain and continue ifi as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made $ any thing herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties P*mlri< how and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, rccuverc<1* levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, rtakt or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXXIV. And whereas it 19 by this Act intended that the Du-

[Duties to be

ties of Customs on Sugar imported, so far as any such Sugar shall, nt0 til

be died or employed in the Distillation of Spirits in Great Britain, 'c

shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, as

Part of the Duties arising from the Distillation of Spirits; Be it therefore enacted, That as soon as convenient after the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January, in each Year and also as soon as convenient after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissiooen of Excise, or the major Part of them in England, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, the Number of Gallons of Wort or Wafti made or prepared from Sugar for Distil-btioa into Spirits in England, and the Quantity of Sugar used and employed in making or preparing such Wort or Wash, reckoning or computing One Hundred Weight of Sugar for every Fifty seven Gallons of Wort or Wash so made or prepared as aforesaid; and tlx laid Commissioners of Customs in England shall, and they are kerefcy anthonied and required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid out of the Money arising by the Duties so Sogar to the Person appointed by the Commissioners of Excise England to receive the Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of lxc m London* a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Cdoau, on the Sugar so computed to have been used or employed

A.D. 1812.

16 C. 3. 52 GEO. III.

in the mating or preparing such Quantity of Wort or Wash for Distillation as aforesaid: and the Receipt of the Person so appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England, to receive the Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Perfua ordered by them to pay over the said Money 5 and as soon as convenient after the before mentioned Quarter Days respectively, and also after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them in Scotland, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, the Number of Gallons of Spirits made or diddled in Scotland, and the Quantity of Sugar used in distilling or making such Spirits, reckoning or'computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Twelve Gallons of Spirits so charged with Duty as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland shall, and they are hereby authorizedud required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, to pay, or cause to be paid, out of any Money arising by the Duties on Sugar, to the Receiver General of Excise in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Customs, on the Sugar so computed to have bee used or employed in the distilling or making such Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid, and the Receipt of the said Receiver General of Excise in Scotland shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissionert of Customs in Scotland, or to the Person ordered by them to pay.over the said Money.

Duties paid into

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the money arising Exchequer. from the Duties by this act imposed, including the Duties or Sums of Money directed to be paid over by the Commissioners of Customs, shall from time to time (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and Three fourth Parts of the said Money shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the other One fourth Part of the said Money shall be kept separate and apart from the other Branches of the Public Revenue; and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all Money rising by the last mentioned One fourth Part of the Money aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said last mentioned One fourth Part of the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall from time to time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued, and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or shall be voted by the Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now and for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer fat the Time being, are and is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XXVI. And whereas by the passing of this Act and the Comas G. a. c. 152.*mencement thereof, another Act, made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibitkn of Distillation of Spirits from Com or Crain in Great Britain

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 3, 4.

Britain, will become operative, if not repealed, and it is expedient to repeal the same; Be it therefore enacted, That the said last mentioned Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXVII. And whereas it is also expedient to repeal another Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Continuance of Licenses for distilling Spirits from ' Sager in the Lowlands of Scotland; Be it therefore enacted, That the saidbll mentioned Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any licensed Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotlandto deliver up to the Commissioners of Excise*, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the Difirid, his or their Licence, to be vacated or altered on the Terms and Conditions, and at the time and in such manner as immediately before the passing of an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits frm Corn or Grain for a limited Time, were, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force directed for vacating or altering Licences, granted for the making or diddling of Spirits from Corn or Grain for Home Consumption in the said Lowlands; any thing herein or in asy other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof 110 special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and shall remain and continue in force during the Term that the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be and remain in force.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raisiag the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[7th February 1812.]

TREASURY may raise ^10, 500, 000 by Exchequer Bills, in*manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. C. j. 1, 2. Treasury to apply the M Money raised. 3. Principal of said Bills charged on first Sup-pfeS of next Session. {4. Interest thereon of 3$d. per Cent, per tt Diem. 5. Said Bills to he current at the Exchequer, &c. alter

April$, 1813. 6 Bank of England empowered to advance

6, 500 000 on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 " W. k M. c. 20,  7. Act may be altered or repealed this* SHco. $ 8.

52610. III.

lepeakd.

50 G. 3. c. 79.

repealed. Distillers in Lowlands of Scotland may deliver up Licences to be vacated.

48 G. 3. c.iiS.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act varied or repealed this Session.

C. 5, 6.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

x8

CAP. V.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[7th February 1812.]

TREASURY empowered to raise ^, 500, 000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. 1.2. TreasurV to apply the Money raised. $ 3. Principal of said Bills charged on First Supplies of next Session. 4. An Interest thereon of 3{d. " per Cent, per Diem. $ 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, " &c. after April 5, 1813. $6. Bank of England empowered to.44 advance ^1, 500, 000 on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 44 5 and 6 W.& M. c. 20.  7. Act may be altered or repealedthis Session. 8.

Grant to His Majesty during His Indisposition; a further Sum to be paid out of Consolidated Fund.

x G. 3. c. I.

17 G. 3. c.ai. 44 G. 3. c. 8o.

CAP. VI.

An Act for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

[ 11 th February 1812.]

WHEREAS the Continuance of the severe Indisposition with which it has pleased God to afflict the King's Most Excellent Majesty, renders it necessary to make increased Provision for the due Arrangement of His Majesty's Household, and for the Exercise, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, of the Royal Authority daring such Illness; ' We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there be granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of His Indisposition, oyer and above the several Sums of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, One hundred thousand Pounds, and Sixty thousand Pounds respectively, granted by Three several Acts, passed in the First, Seventeenth and Forty fourth Years respectively of His present Majesty, the further Revenue or Yearly Rent of Seventy thousand Pounds, to commence from the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and that the same shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, in like manner and according to the same Rules, and under the same Powers, Authorities and Provisions, as the said several Sums aforesaid are now paid, as if all the Powers, Provisions and Clauses relating thereto, were re-enacted in this Act.

II. And whereas His Royal Highness the Prince Regent has been graciously pleased to declare His Intention of transferring the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, issued annually from the Exchequer to His Royal Highness by virtue of His Majesty's Royal Warrant under His Privy Seal, bearing Date the Seventh Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty three, in Aid of the Revenues

C. 6.

l9

of the Civil List; Be it therefore enacted, That during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, the said Sum of Fifty thouseod Pounds directed by His Majesty's said Warrant of the Seventh Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty three to be issued annually from the Exchequer to His said Royal Highnris, shall, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, he placed and carried in the Exchequer to the Account of the Civil list, and make Part of the Civil List Revenues, instead of being issued and paid as directed by the said Warrant.

III. And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the letter Suptort of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the Untied Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues: And whereas Gocc the passing of the said Act, the Civil List Revenue has not, in any one Year, been equal to the Charges on the Civil List, and such Excess of Charge above the Revenue ha9, upon an 1 Average of the Years since the passing of the said Act, amounted to9about One hundred and twenty four thousand Pounds, but as such Deficiencies have been supplied from time to time by the Application of foeh Propositions of the Sums arising from Droits of Admiralty, and the Surplus of the Hereditary Revenues of His Majesty in Scotland not applied in Payment of the Civil Establishment in Scotland, and which are declared to belong to and be it His Majesty's Disposal by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, Germany and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain), and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported direfily from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for refrrving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland, as were necessary for that Purpose; and no Arrrar therefore has arisen to be laid before Parliament under the Provision* of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient and proper that an Account should be laid before Parliament, from time to time, of any Excess of Charges upon the Civil List, beyond such Average Amount Be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Amocot of the Deficiency of the Civil List Revenues shall exceed such Average as aforesaid, by the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, the Lord High Treasqrer, or Lords Commissioner, for executing the Office of Lord Hgh Treasurer for the time being* shall cause an Account of such Deficiency of the Civil List Revenue to be laid before Parliament, within (Joe Month after the same shall have arisen, if Parliament shall be then fitting; or if Parliament shall not be then biting, within One Month after the next Sitting of Parliament.

Part of Sum usually issued out of Civil List to Prince Regent under Warrant of His Majesty, retained in Exchequer as Part of Civil List Revenues. Accounts laid before Parliament of any Excess of Charge beyond Average Deficiencies.

44 G. 3. c. 80.

28 G. 3. c. 33.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

ICOjOOOOl. rranted to the rrince Regent.

or iioutv-huld to art( nd 1 iis Majesty, itud be under Mirottion of and

C. 7, 8.

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expences incident to the Assumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty.

[11th February 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for defraying the Expences incident to the Assumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty; Therefore We, Your, Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be issued, applied and paid, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted or which may be granted in this Session of Parliament, to His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds free and clear from all Fees and Deductions whatever 5 and that the Acquittance or Receipt of His said Royal Highness shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Payment of the said Money.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indisposition; and for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Property; and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness.

[11th February 1812.]

WHEREAS the Continuance of the severe Indisposition with which it has pleased God to afflict the King's Most Excellent Majesty, renders it necessary to make further Regulations for the Arrangement of His Majesty's Household, and for the Exercise of the Royal Authority during such Illness; and for enabling Her Most Excellent Majesty the Queen, to meet the increased Expence to which, in consequence of such Indisposition, Her Majesty may be exposed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflerr.bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indifpofi tion, the First Gentleman of His Majesty's ped Chamber (commonly called

A.D. 1812.

C. 8.

it

5 7? GEO. III.

died the Groom of the Stole), the Vice Chamberlain of His appointed or Majesty's Household, the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, ^Her

Tout of the Gentlemen, and Four of the Grooms of His Majesty's pow!-riof Bed Chamber, the Mailer of His Majesty's Robes, His Majesty '8 Giooui ui tJie Eqoeries and Pages, together with a Private Secretary of Her Stole.

Majesty, and Secretary to the Groom of the Stole, and such Number of Attendants and Servants as may be requisite and suitable for the due Attendance on His Majesty's Sacred Person, shall be appointed, by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, or selected and cholen from the respective Departments of His Majesty's present Household, and shall be antler the sole Direction and Controul of Her Majesty, for the Care and Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and the regulating, ordering and managing all Things relating thereto; and Her said Majesty shall have the full and sole Power and Authority to order and direct all Matters and Things relating to the Management of such Part of His Majesty's Household, as shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Person as above directed, and the respective Duties and Attendances of all such Officers of the Household and Attendants and Servants aforesaid, and shall also have full Power and Authority, by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing signed and sealed by Her Majesty, to remove, nomiuate and appoint, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, all the Persons who shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Person, and in like manner to supply all Vacancies arising by Removal, Resignation or Death of any Inch Officers of the Household, or Attendants and Servants or Persons aforesaid, except such as have heretofore been usually nominated and appointed by the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household. or the Matter of His Majesty's Horse, or the Mailer of His Majesty's Robes respectively; and the said First. Gentleman of His Majesty's Bed Chamber, commonly called the Groom of the Stole, so appointed to attend upon His Majesty's Person, shall oomiuate and appoint to all such Vacancies as shall arise by Removal, Resignation or Death of any such Officers, Attendants or Servants aforesaid, as have heretofore been nominated or appointed by the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward respectively of His Majesty's Household, or by the Matter of the Horse to His Majesty; and such Groom of the Stole shall have aft such Juris-dkSon, Power and Authority, over such Officers, Attendants and Servants, as have heretofore been and are now usually exercised by the Lord Chamberlain and Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household respectively, and by the Mailer of the Horse to His Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful (or Her vice Chambei- Majesty, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, to lai? order and direS the Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household Majesty, aa for to ad in the Absence of the Groom of the Stole aforesaid, for such Groom of the Groom of the Stole, or during any Vacancy of the Office of such Stole in his Groom of the Stole, as if he was specially deputed for that Pur- Absence. pole, and to perform all the Duties of the said Office during such Abdroce or Vacancy; and all such Acts, Matters and Things done, or Orders given by such Vice Chamberlain during such Absence of such Groom of the Stole, or the Vacancy of such Office, shall be as valid, and have the same Effect, as if done or given by the said Groom of the Stole: Provided always, That such Vice Chamberlain Aali not remove or appoint any Officers, Attendants or Persons, of  C 3 such

C. 8.

5a GEO. KI.

A.D. 1812.

Remainder of Household to attend upon the Recent; and if Regent appoint other Persons in lieu of those in Attendance upon His Majesty, they are to have like Salaries.

The Regent to have all Regal Prerogatives.

2 G. 3. c. 82.

Royal Assent to Bills not retrained-51 G. 3. c.i.

11.

repealed.

Snm paid an-

nuary f, ut of Civil l.iii Revenue l etore all other Payments,

such Part of His Majesty's Household as shall be under the Juris-

dnftion of the Groom of the Stole, during any Absence of the Groom of the Stole, unless he have special Authority for that Purpose from the Groom of the Stole, or the said Office shall be vacant.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the other Officers, Attendants and Servants, belonging to or making Part of, or attached to His Majesty's Household, and not placed by this Act under the Direction and Controul of Her Majesty, shall, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness, be under and fuhje& to the Removal, Appointment, Controul and Direction of, and be in Attendance upon His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, exercising the Royal Authority in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, in their respective Offiqes, according to their respective Duties, in like manner as they have heretofore been accustomed to attend upon His Majesty; and if His Royal Highness the Prince Regent shall think, fit to appoint, and shall appoint, or (halt order and direct the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, or Mailer of the Horse, to appoint any Groom of the Stole, or other Officer, Attendant or Servant, to be in Attendance upon His Royal Highness as Regent in the personal F.xercife of the Royal Authority, m lieu of any like Officer, Attendant or Servant, who may have been appointed or selected under the Provisions of this Act, to be in personal Attendance upon His Majesty, all such Officers, Attendants and Servants, so appointed by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, shall, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness, be entitled to the same Salaries, Wages, Profits and all other Emoluments, as the like Officers and Attendants in His Majesty's Household are by Law, Usage or Custom entitled to, and shall be paid in the same Class under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty fecund Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon his Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paiaTout of the Revenues of the Civil List.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty, s Royal Person during the Continuance of His Majesty's IUness> and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty* as in any manner restrains His Royal Highness the Prince Regent from giving the Royal Assent to nny Bill or Bills in Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act, and during the whole of the Period in which His Royal Highness the Prince Regent shall remain in the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, His Royal Highness the Priuce Regent shall be entitled to use and enjoy, and shall have all such and the like Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions as have been used and enjoyed by His Majesty, and shall in all Suits and Actions fuc and be sued in such and the same manner as His Majesty can or does sue and is sued.

V. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of His Majesty's ' Indisposition, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Civil List Revenues in Four quarterly Payments, the Firit Payment to be made on the Fifth

C. 8.

*3

52 GEO. III.

Day of April next, for the propositionate Part of the Quarter he- for Expence of

tween the said Eight-

and such

fakfty's Bea Gnamoer or uroom or the stole appointed under the Pravihons of this Act to attend His Majesty's Sacred Person for the defraying the Charges and Expences or His Majesty, and such Portion of His Household aforesaid as shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and shall be made in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, any thing in an Act passed in a* G. 3. c.Ea. the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary notwithstanding; and such Payments shall be made out of any Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer; applicable to the Purposps of His Majesty's Civil Establishment, free and clear of and from all Taxes,

Rates, Assessments, or other Charges, Fees or Deductions whatsoever, and the Acquittances or Receipts of the said Groom of the Stole fibtB be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the feverat and respective Offices of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Applica- Account of Ap-tion of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, so directed phcation of such to be issued -to and appropriated by the Groom of the Stole in XrTafuly/who* Attendance upon His Majesty's Person, shall from time to time, may direct Ap-when the same shall be required, and if not required oftener, once in plicat?on of each Year at the lead, such Year to commence on the Fifth Day of Surplus.

April in each Year, be laid before the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioiwrs of His ^lajesty's Treasury for the time being, who, or any Three or more of them, shall dire cl the Application of any Surplus, if any shall remain, so as that the Surplus shall go and be applied to the Civil Lid Revenues, for the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Lftablishment.

VII. And whereas it is proper that Provision should be made tp Sura pa'd^toH

sWc Her Majesty to meet the ipere^fed Expence to which, in civifKft duri

confluence of His Majesty's Indisposition, Her Majesty may be His Molly's r exposed Be ii therefore enacted, That there shall be paid to Her illness, to west Majesty, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, out increased

of the Revenues, pr Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer applicable to the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establish-meot, an annual Sum pr yearly Rent of Ten thousand Pounds, to cpmmeoce from the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to be paid in Quarterly Payments, the fird Payment to be made on the Fifth Day of April next, for the propositionate Part of the Quarter between the said Eighteenth Day of February and the said Fifth Day of April, and that the same shall be cioxged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of any Sums of #oaey in the Exchequer applicable to toe Purposes of His Maty's Civil Edablidunent, next after the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and in preference to all other Payments, and free and clear of and fropa all Taxes, Rates, Assessments or any Charge, Fees, or other Deductipu whatever, in like manner as any Sums now payable out of the Civil Lid Revenues to Her Majesty are paid; and the like Acquittances or Receipts as are now given for the Payment of any Money payable to Her Majesty out of the Civil Lad Revenues, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge fox the Payment

C.S.

A.D. 1812.

J1O.3.M.

4*7-

[Proviso.]

Further Sums issued from Privy Purse for Payments heretofore usually made by His Majesty, and Application of Surplus and of Net Surplus of Revenue of Dutchy of Lancaster.

52 GEO. III.

thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the several and respefitiir* Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of the salt Money.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse was directed, out of the Sixty thousand Pounds issued to him as Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, to apply certain Sums, not exceeding Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds yearly, and Four thousand two hundred and fifteen Pounds

quarterly, in manner directed by the said Adr And whereas the said respective Sums have been found to be inadequate to the Purposes for which they were respectively directed to be applied, by the Sum of Three thousand and eighteen Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence for Annual Pensions and Allowances heretofore accustomed to be paid and applied under the immediate Direction and 1 Authority of His Majesty, and the further Sum of Five thousand five hundred and eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence for occasional Payments for the last Year, making together the Sum of Eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for the Payment of such Expences and Charges as have been hitherto incurred, and may hereafter be incurred, for Medical Advice, Attendance and Assistance, necessary for His Majesty during his Indisposition, and the Expences incident thereto: And whereas it is reasonable that such Expences should be paid out of the Surplus of the Privy Purse, after Payment of such Sum as aforesaid, and out of the Net Surplus of the Revenue of the Duchy of Lancaster, and it is therefore necessary that further

Provision should be made in that Behalf Be it therefore enacted, That the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, issued annually to the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, shall be issued in the same manner as heretofore, and the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, and he is hereby authorised and directed, out of any Money in his Hands as Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, or Handing in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, to issue and pay to such Person as shall be appointed by Her Majesty to receive the same, the said Sum of Eight thousand five hundred twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, in Addition to the Annual and Quarterly Sums issued under the said Act as aforesaid, t make up the Inadequacy of the said Sums, and be applied, paid and accounted for, in like manner as required by the said -Act as to such Quarterly Sums; and the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, and he is hereby authorised and directed, during the Continuance of His Majesty* a Indisposition, out of the Monies issued to him, to make such Payments, and to continue to issue and apply a Sum not exceeding in the Whole in the Year the said Sum of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds, as directed by the said Act; and also any Sums not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds in each Quarter, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Four thousand two hundred and fifteen Pounds in the said Act specified, in manner and for the Purposes by the said Act directed, as to the said annual Sum of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds, and quarterly Sum of Four thousand two

A.D. 1812.

C. 8.

*5

5* GEO. III.

hundred and fifteen Pounds respectively; and after applying such Sums in each Year or Quarter as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds issued to the Keeper of His Majesty*3 Privy Parie, together with such Sum as shall be required, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds in each Year, from the net Surplus of the Revenues of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, shall from tame to time be applied in the Payment of all such Charges and Expences as shall arise from the Medical Advice, Attendance and A Alliance, which may be required for His Majesty during the Continuance of his Indisposition, and any incidental Expences relating thereto; and the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, after Payment of such Sam of Eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence aforesaid to make up the Inadequacy of such annual and quarterly Sums as aforesaid, apply the Remainder of all Monies which shall be in his Hands as Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, and the Remainder of all Monies which shall be Handing in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to the Directions of the said recued Act of the last Session of Parliament, and also of the Produce of such Public Funds or Government Securities as shall have been purchased with the Remainder of the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, and net Surplus of the Revenues of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, under the Provisions of the said Act, in the Payment of such Expences and Charges as shall have already accrued in rrfpedt of such Medical Advice and Assistance, and incidental Expences as aforesaid; and after applying such Sums, and making such Payments as aforesaid, the Surplus (if any) in each Year shall be paid to the Commisskmers appointed under this Act for the Care of His Majesty* Real and Personal Estate, to be by them applied as the other Produce of His Majesty's Personal Estate is direaed to be applied: Provided always, that if in any succeeding Year the Surplus Provisi* of such Privy Purse, and of the Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall not be sufficient to pay such Expences as aforesaid, the Keeper of the Privy Purse shall be entitled to demand, and is hereby authorised and required to demand, and the said Commissioners are hereby dht&ed to repay, any Sum, or any such Part or Proposition of any Soms which mall have been so paid over in any prior Year out of any Personal Estate of His Majesty under their Care and Direction, as may be sufficient to pay such Expences; and the Sums so repaid shall be applied in the Repayment of such Expences as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Authorities for the Pay- Authorities for meat of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse of such Sum of Eight P^ymeat of thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and fr

Four Pence as aforesaid, and of such Quarterly bums aforesaid, shall Med^ca^Advice he giwn to the Person appointed by Her Majesty to receive and apply fcc.

the June, under the Hand of Her Majesty; and the Authority for the Payment of such Expences and Charges as have already accrued'

in respect of such Medical Advice, Assistance and incidental Expences 21 aforesaid, shall be the Warrant of Her Most Excellent Majesty the Queen, and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being 5 and of such Expences as may hereafter arise in respek of such Medical Advice and Assistance and incidental Expences as aforesaid, shall be the Warrant of Her

Most

A.D. 181

*6

C. 9.

5 a0 GEO. III.

Oath.

New Pensions payable out of Privy Purse authorised by Her Majesty.

Mod EKfttlkot Majesty the Queen, countersigned by the First Gentleman of Majesty's Bed Chamber, commonly called the Groo of the Stole; and the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse (ha within Three Month# after the passing of this Actfc, produce to t said Commissioner# an Account of the Persons to whom, and the fcvei Proposition# in which, and the times when, and the manner in whi the said Annual Sum of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty o Pound# shall have been heretofore usually paid, issued and applk under the Authority and Directions of His Majesty, together wi the Receipts and other Discharges of the Persons to whom fui Payment# nave been made in the last Year and shall also produce the said Commissioner# the Warrant so countersigned as aforesaid, f Payment of such Charges and Expence# as have already accrued f Medical Advice, Assistance and Attendance upon His Majesty, together with the Receipts or Discharges of the Persons to whom Pa jnenti shall have been made under such Warrants and shall also ann ally, between the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of Af\ in each Year, produce to the said Commissioners the Receipts or oth Discharges of the Persons contained in such Account as aforesaid, whom he shall continue to make such Annual Payments a# afore fad and shall produce the Authorities under the Hand of Her Makd for the I flue of such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, together with ti Receipts of the Person to whom the Money was issued under fu< Authorities; and the Warrants so countersigned as aforesaid, fort! Payment of the Expences and Charges hereafter to arise in relati< to Medical Advice and Assistance required by His Majesty as afoi said, and the Receipts or other Discharges of the fevetnl Persons i whom Payments are made under such Warrants, and such Receipt Discharges, Authorities and Warrants as aforesaid, shall respectivei be a full and complete Discharge to the said Keeper of the Pm Purse for all such bums so issued by him out of Monies ip his Han< a# Keeper of His Majesty* Privy Purse; and the Person appoint* by Her Majesty to receive and apply such Sum of Eight thousainj hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four pciu as aforesaid under this Act, and such Quarterly Sums a# aforefeii shall, within Oue Month after the Issue of such Sum of Eight thoi (and five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Fot pence, as to such Sum, and within One Mouth after the time of av Issue of any future Quarterly Sums under this Act, deliver to lh said Commissioners a just and true Account of the Application of a such Sums respectively, and produce proper Acquittances, Pjfchargt and Vouchers for such Payments {od the said Commissioners ar hereby authorised and required to examine and audit the same, and ft that rurpose to call for all Vouchers and otjhcr Documents, and t examine all Persons whom they shall deem it necessary to examine, fu the Purpose of ascertaining the Accuracy of such Accounts im Oath (which Oath any One of them is hereby authorised to aaini nifter), or otherwise to ascertain the due Application of such Mosey in such manner as they shall deem necessary,

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, to order and direct, and give Authorit] under Her Majesty's Hand as aforesaid, for the Payment of any ne# Pensions or Allowances, to be payable out of the Money issued t< the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, to any old Servants of His Majesty

C. 8.

J2 GEO. III. C. 8.

or the Widows or Children, or other Relations of any old Savants, who may be deemed by Her Majesty fit Obie&9 of His Hatty's charitable Bounty, so as that such Pensions and Allowances fclwt, in Addition to the Sums which shall continue to be applied der the Authority of Her Majesty in each Quarter, under the Pro.

of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and this Act, exceed in the whole the said Quarterly Sum of Four thou.* hundred and seventy Pounds aforesaid, and so also as that

Pensions and Allowances, granted or ordered in any One T* (W1 sol exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and that no ocrPoifioa or Allowance shall exceed the Annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and such new Pensions and Allowances shall be paid under the same Authority, and at the same time, and together with the Soms lifted Quarterly, to the Person appointed by Her Majesty snder this Act, and the due Application of the Money issued for the foyarot thereof, accounted for in like manner to the said Commoners as directed by this Act, as to such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid.

XL. And whereas Provision was made in the said recited Act of the hft Session of Parliament, for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Perfoaal Estate and Property, under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition makes it necessary that further Provision should be made in that Behalf Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, and for His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, by any Inftmroent in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to appoint Three Persons to be Commissioners, one of whom shall be a Master of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, who shall act without any Salary, Fee or Reward, for the Protection, Care and Management of His Majesty8 Property during His Indisposition, acduch Perloiis to remove, and from time to time in like manner to appoint others to supply any Vacancies by Death, Removal or Restation, of any of the said Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the hid Commissioners to call before them and examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of such Commissioners is hereby authorize^ to sdminifttr) all Trustees, Solicitors, Attornies, Managers, Agents, Receivers or other Persons whatever, who have had, or have, or may hereafter have in any manner the Custody, Care or Management of, or Order, Direction or Controul over, or who may be Trustees of sad for, or who have been or an; in any manner concerned in any Matter or Thing relating to any Real or Personal Estate or Property bdaoging to His Majesty, or the Receipt of any Rents, I dues or Profits, or Dividends, Iirerect, or Stuns of Money arising or accruing therefrom respectively, and to demand Accounts in Writing of all such Real or Person a 1 Estate, Rests, Issues, Profits, Dividends, In- ttre&orfiuras of Money, and of all such Particulars relating to any ftcJt Property or Produce thereof aa may be necessary to enable the said Commissioners to ascertain the Amount and State, and to direct, tW fstare Cftrtody, Care, Direction, Management and Application Urreof; and the said Commissioners shall keep accurate Accounts of all their Proceedings, and from time to time lay the same, or any such Ablnfts thereof as shall be. required, before Her Majesty and the

51 G.3. ci.

19.

He/ Majesty and the Regent to appoint Commissioners for Care of His Majesty's Real, Sec, Estate, under 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 88.

Commissioners. may examine upon Oath.

Commissioner may be sworn.

Oatk

Commissioneri may sue or defend in Law er Equity.

Kot to extend to certain Revenues of His Majesty.

Prince Regent, or either of them, requiring the same; and it shall lawful for such Commissioners to do or require to be done, all ft Act 8, Matters and Things, as may in their Judgment be necessary expedient for the regulating the future Custody, Care, Direction a Management, and for the Improvement of any such Real or Perfo Estate, and for that Purpose to appoint any Trustee or Trustees any Real or Personal Estate in lieu of any Trustee or Trustees v shall have died or declined to act, or shall die or decline to < and also any Steward or Stewards, or Bailiff or Bailiffs, or ot Officer or Officers of Royalties or Manors (such Appointment to in all cases submitted to and subject to the Approval of Her M Excellent Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regen and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to apply any Rei Issues, Profits, Produce or Dividends, Interest, or other Sums Money, making any Part of His Majesty's Personal Estate, un the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years afe said, in the Improvement of any Real Estate of His Majesty, 01 the Payment of any Charges, Debts, Mortgages or other Inci brances whatever, either in the Whole or in Part, or any Intel thereof now due, or which may become due thereon, and all ot just and legal Claims whatever, affecting any Real or Personal Eft or Property of His Majesty, or to apply any such Estate or P perty, or Produce thereof, in any other manner which may appeal them to be most beneficial for the said Real and Personal Estate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner so pointed shall, before he enters upon the Execution of the Duties his Commission, take an Oath before the Barons of the Court Exchequer, or one of them, in the Form following

4 A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the Trust repo

in me, and keep secret all the Proceedings and Accounts of ft

Trust, unless I shall be required to disclose the same, or any P

thereof, by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, or His Ro

Highness the Regent, or unless any such Disclosure shall be ne<

fary in any Course of Law or otherwise, for the Care and Prot

tion of His Majesty's Property, in the Execution of my Trust.

So help me GO!

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for l said Commissioners to commence, prosecute, or defend any Si Action, Information or other legal Proceeding, or file any Bill Bills in Equity, or proceed in any manner in Law or Equity, the ^Recovery, Dificovery or Protection of any Property, Real Personal, of His Majesty, and for the Recovery of any Damaj for any Injury done thereto, and for that Purpose to u(e the Nl of His Majesty, or of ariy Trustee or Trustees of His Majesty, their own Names, as they shall deem most expedient; and no^shall abate by the Death of any such Trustee or Trustees, or Cl missioner or Commissioners$ and all Coils, Charges and Expea incurred, shall be paid out of the Property under their Care i Management.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in the said recited Act the last Session of Parliament contained in relation ta any Ren Personal Estate or Property of His Majesty, under the said real Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, or contained)

A.D. 1812.

29

52 Geo. m. c. 8, 9.

his Act in relation to any such Real or Personal Effate, or to any towers or Provisions by this Act given to the Commissioners ap-ointed under this Act, for the Protection, Care and Management of MajestVs Property, shall be deemed or conllrued to extend to toy Revenues or Sums of Money belonging or accruing to His Majesty, heretofore received, or due or payable, or which may here-tfUx become due and payable to His Majesty, which have usually been issued, applied or disposed of under any Royal Sign Manual Warrant, countersigned by the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Com-nuffioiK-rs of His Majesty's Treasury, or by any Authority or Direction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or to lutborize or empower the said Commissioners in any manner to interfere with any such Revenues or Sums of Money.

CAP. IX.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders and making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be measured.

[28th February 1812.]

WHEREAS Masters and Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade in England and Wales, are put to great Inconvenience and incur great Risk by the present Practice of loading and clearing out such Ships and Vessels: And whereas it is expedient, in order to obviate such Inconvenience and Risk, that other Provisions should be made, and that the Regulations contained in an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better securing the Duties upon Coals,

Cm and Cinders, should be repealed, as far as the same relates

to England and Wales Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said redted Act, so far as the same relates to England and Wales, shall be, from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Cocquet shall be granted by the Collector, Controller, or other Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, in any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek, Eaglasu % or Wales, for the shipping Coastwise, any Coals, Culm or Olden, nor shall the Master or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel be permitted to load any Coals, Calm or Cinders on board any such Ship or Vessel until the Fitter or Fitters, or if there shall be no Fitter, then until the Coal Owner or ini Agent, vending or shipping the Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall have delivered t > the said Collector, Controller, or other proper Officer afortfiud, Ggned with his or their own Hand or Hands, two Certificates expressing the real Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders intended to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, which Certificates every such Collector or other proper Officer is hereby directed to sign, enter and register in a public Book to be kept by such Collector, or other proper Officer at the Custom House in the respective Port or Place

IS G.j. c.j*

repealed as CO England and Wales.

Sufferance not granted for shipping of Coals, nor Vessel permitted to fail; until Tvrt. Certificates of Quantity delivered*

3

A.D. 181

Officer of Customs to issue Sufferances upon Production of Certificate.

Certificate to

eapress true Quantity of Coals.

Fitters not

giving in, or making fa he Certificates.

[Penalty.]

Coal Ship* to be tneal'ured.

C. 9. 52 GEO. III.

where such Ship or Vessel is to be cleared Coastwise as aforesaid, <| of which Certificates, after being so signed, entered and rendered aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Master or other Person having taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which \ same are intended to be shipped, and the other fh?U remain in 1 Custody of the said Collector, or other proper Officer in the Cufb House aforesaid, to which said Register any Person or Persons ft and may have recourse to fee and examine the same without Fee Reward; and it shall not be lawful for any Collector, Controller other Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs in any such Po Harbour, Haven or Creek as aforesaid, to clear Coastwise, any Sli or Vessel whatever, laden or in part laden with Coals, Culm or Cindc nor to sign, issue forth, or grant any Cocquet, Letpass, Tran (ire other Dispatch of any Nature or Kind whatever, for the clearing a Coasting Voyage, any such Ship or Vessel, unless the Fitter Fitters, Coal Owner or Agent, who so vended or shipped the Coa Culm or Cinders on board the said Ship or Vessel, shall hare t livered to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs such Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek aforesaid, vhere such Ship Vessel is so laden, or in part laden, such Certificates as are herein!: fore directed and required.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fii Day of March it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Control] or other proper Officer of the Customs, in any Port, Haven, Harboi or Creek in England or Wales, to sign, issue forth, or grant ai Cocquet, for the clearing Coastwise of any such Ship or Vessel, f< which the Certificates of the Fitter, Coal Owner or Agent, require by this Act, shall have been delivered according to the Directioj herein contained; and such Cocquet shall and may be issued fort and granted by any such Collector, Controller, or other prop* Officer, for and according to the Quantity declared in such Cei tificates so delivered as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage t the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Shipment 0

Coals, Culm or Cinders to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, ii any Ship or Vessel whatever, the Certificate so to be delivered a aforesaid, by such Fitter, Coal Owner or Agent, shall express thi true Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders actually laden on boanc such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Fitter or Fittcn Coal Owner or Agent, vending or shipping Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall not give such Certificates as aforesaid, or shall give or mak any false Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, sold or vended by him or them, and intended to be shipped or laden, or actually shipped or laden on board any Ship 01 Vessel whatever in England or Wales, or who shall deliver any fuc/i Certificate or Certificates signed by any Person except himself or themselves, every such Fitter or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Coals, Culm of Cinders, laden on boardmy such Ship or Vessel, which Audi be cleared Coastwise at any Port of England or Wales, from and after the said First Day of March shall upon any Pretence whatever be delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due upon

the

A.D. 1812.

s* Geo. in.

C9.

V

be Exportation thereof have been paid, the Master or other Person i PerioBS having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship vVessel shall, before he or any other Person be permitted again to ttter or clear the said Ship or Vessel Coastwise, or for Parts beyond k Seas, not only pay to the Collector or other proper Officer at the fcrt of England or Wales, from whence the said Ship or Vessel is ifiteiriedio be cleared out as aforesaid, the Export Duties on the grate! Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, whiqh it shall appear tktaay web Ship or Vessel is capable of containing, but also the farther Sum of Three Shillings for every such Chaldron of Coata,

Culm or Cinders, Winchester Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the same Uses with the respective Duties now payable on Coals,

Calm or Cinders exported: Provided nevertheless, if it shall appear Provilb. upon the Oaths of the Master, together with the Mate and Two of the Mariners belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and who were on board at the time fbe was cleared Coastwise, and failed in her daring the whole Voyage, taken in the open Custom House before the CoUe&or and Controller of such Port (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that such Ship or Vessel wn rally and bona fide forced by contrary Winds or other unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather into such Parts beyond the Seas, and could not by reason of such Necessity and Distress have proceeded with such Coals, Culm or Cinders, to some Port or Place m Great Britain, which Proof shall be transmitted by such Officer to the Commissioners of the Customs in England; and if it shall appear to thrir Satisfaction that such Vessel was so forced into Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of Customs, or any Four them, shall and raay order the Collector or other proper Officer-of the Customs, to whom the said Duties and the said Sum of Three Shillings for every Chaldron as aforesaid shall have been paid as hereinbefore directed, to grant the Master of such Ship or Vessel a special Certificate thereof, in order that his Coast Bond may be discharged, and to return such respective Sum of Three Shillings for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm or Cinders, so paid as aforesaid; but on failure of the Proof herein directed, or if the same shall not be satisfactory to the said Commissioners, such Bond shall and may be prosecut'ed and pot in suit 5 any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in order to ascertain the vessels mei-greatest Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, which any Ship or Cured at Port of Veld having so delivered any Coals, Culm or Cinders in any Part Return, beyond the Seas, is capable or containing, a proper Person or Persons tobeCdtded and appointed by the CoUe&or of the Customs of the Port n England or Wales to which such Ship or Vessel shall first reUra after such Delivery in Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, shall orafae such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of ascertaining the grate! Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to be computed in Chaldrons, Winchester Measure, which such Ship or Vessel is capable of containing, and the said export Duties and additional Duties shall he paid according to such Admeasurement 5 and such Person or Fee, fenws so to be appointed shall be paid by the Owner or Owner* of any such Ship or Vessel so measured, for his or their Trouble* after the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny for every Chaldron which iodi Ship or Vessel shall appear to be capable of containing.

A.D. 1812.

Certificates admitted in Evidence.

Recovery of Penalties.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cost*.

joG.3. c. 114.

Si-

Treasury to carry to Credit mi East India

C. 9, 10. 52 GEO. III.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Entry ai Register of the Fitter's Certificate, so directed as aforesaid, shall i accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Eviden of the Fa& in all cases where the original Certificates are not produce

IX. And be it further enattea. That the Penalty in this A mentioned shall and may be prosecuted, determined and recovered 1 Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Reco at Westminster, and in the Court of Exchequer in Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of La shall be allowed; and One Moiety thereof shall De to the Use of Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety, to tl Person or Persons who shall fuc for or prosecute the same.

X. And be it further cmdied. That if any Action or Suit shall commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pu fuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in nich Action Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the speci Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that tl same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; ar if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find fortl Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall ha* appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurr again A the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may r cover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same whic the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases of Law.

CAP. X.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, to be advanced and applied in the Manne and upon the Terms therein mentioned for the Relief of th United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[28 th February 1812.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting t 4 His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, an to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therci mentioned for the Eelief of the United Company of Merchants t 4 England trading to the East Indies: And whereas considerable Sum of Money have been advanced and disbursed for the Use of His Majesty's Navy in the East Indies, and for other Public Services for which Credit cannot be given for the said Company in Paymen of the Sums advanced under the Provisions of the said Act, b 4 reason that such Payments arc required to be made, on or before th*First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, int< 4 the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer Be it therefore ena&e< by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice an< Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 11 this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to carry to the Credit of the same Company, in Repayment of the Sums advanced under the Provision*

A.D. 1812.

C. 10| J I'

33

52 GEO. Iff.

rifioos of the said Act, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have bcen advaoced or disbursed by the said Company in the East India for His Majesty's Navy, or any Public Services; and it mall also be law&l for the said Company to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on account of or in Repayment of Sums of Money advanced under the said Act, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, at any time aftathe First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any thing in the said Act to the contrary not withholding; sad all Sums so advanced or disbursed in the East Indies as afeiriaid, winch shall be allowed by the said Commissioners of the Trafufy to be carried to the Credit of the said Company, and all San paid iato the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, is Repayment of Sums advanced under the said Act, shall be received at the Exchequer, and go in Discharge of any Balance which shall remia unpaid of Sums so advanced as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to issue and apply the same to fidi Services as shall then have been voted by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, and all such Payments shall go in Discharge of the Amount so repaid of any Bonds given by the said Company for Repayment of Advaaca under the said Act, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Common?, and to dhbljih other and further Regulations in the said Offices.

[28fh February 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was Passed I n a Session of Parliament, bolden in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations in tht Ofices if the House of Commons: And whereas the Provisions of the fad Ad are in several respects defective, and in others require to be varied and amended; and k is therefore expedient to

repeal the said Act, and to make other and further Provisions in Keo thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act shall be and the same is hereby repeal'd.

II. And whereas by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Third Day of June in th* Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Office 1 of Clerk of the House of Commons, with an Annuity of Ten'Ponds, and all other Rewards, Dues, Rights, Profits, Com- nudities, Advantages and Emoluments whatsoever to the said Office, after what manner soever, or howsoever, then or theretofore 4iadeitly appertaining, incident, accustomed or belonging, was ' granted to John Hatfell Esquire, for and during his natural Life:

Asd whereas also by certain other Letters Patent, bearing Date at

fz Geo. III. D Westwdmfier

Company Money advanced Hy them for PuM'tc Service*, and Company may repay Money advanced alter Jin. i xSix.

39 & 40 C.j. c. pz. repealed

letters Patent, 3 June, 8 G-3*

4

e'

34

Gu.

A.D. 1812.

ji- GEO. III.

Westminster the Fourth Day of July in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Office was granted ts

John Ley Esquire, for and during his natural Life, to take Effect

from and after the Decease of the said John Hat fell, in as full, ample < and beneficial a manner as the same had been granted to the said ' Jehu Hatfell as aforesaid: And whereas John Clementson Esquire was, on the Seventh Day of January lall, appointed by His Roys Highness the Prince Regent of the United Kingdom, in the Nam

and on the Behalf of His Majesty, to be the Serjeant at Arm attending upon the Speaker of the House of Commons, during the Sitting of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, that, afte

the Interests now vetted in the said Persons respectively shall expire

a different Distribution should be made of the Salaries, Fees am

Commissioners

appointed.

Feet of certain Oficershoar

When Commissiotkrn may ad.

4 Emoluments belong Regulations shoul

to the said Officers respectively, and tha be established in relation to the Salaries an< Emoluments of the said Officers, and other Officers of the Hoof of Commons; Be it therefore enacted, That the Speaker of th House of Commons for the time beingr, and the Secretary or Seen taries of State, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Matter of th Rolls, and the Attorney and Solicitor General for the time bein; fthey and each of them being also Members of the House of Commons mall be and thej are hereby nominated, conttituted and appointe Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and any Three of th said Commissioners (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commor for the time being shall be one) shall be and they are hereby authorize to carry this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiratio of the said Letters Patent, so granted to the said John Hatfell an John Ley, and of the Appointment of the said John Clementson a aforesaid, all Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, whk would have been due and payable to any future Clerk or Clerk Aflifl ants of the House of Commons, or Serjeant at Arms attending tb Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being, in case th: Ad had not been made, shall from time to time, as the said Commissioners shall direct, be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or of such Person or Persons as they shall by Warrant un<h their Hands and Seals appoint to collect the same, and shall by tb said Commissioners be applied and distributed in the manner hereinaftc directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothin herein contained shall be taken or construed to prevent the said Commissioners, upon the Expiration either of the said Letters Paten granted to the said John Hatfell and John Ley Esquires, or of the Ui Appointment of the said John Clementson Esquire, which ever ma first happen, from carrying the Purposes of this Act into Executkx as far as the Nature of the respective cases will admit; and provide also, that the said John Clementson, so long as he shall continue t hold the said Office of Serjeant at Arms, mall hold the same und the like Regulations as the lame was holden by his immediate Prtd cessor in the said Office.

V. And whereas the Offices of Serjeant at Arms attending tl Speaker of the House of Commons during the Sitting of Park meat, and of Housekeeper of the House of Commons, now at and for a long time patt have been holden conjointly by the fen

Perfo

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. ii

35

Perioa, and the Salaries, Wages, Fees and Emoluments appertaining

to tJie Offices so holden, have been hitherto brought to account

conjointly under the Act hereby repealed Be it therefore enacted,

That riter the Expiration of the present Interest of the said John Office of House* CUmentfoa, so appointed Serjeant at Arms as aforesaid, the Office of Housekeeper of the House of Commons shall henceforth be holden of Scrji!.nt t Vf the Person who shall be appointed to the Office of Serjeant at Amu.

Aims attending upon the Speaker of the House of Commons % and the Salary, Fees and Emoluments heretofore usually paid to the Housekeeper, fall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons so appointed by them as aforesaid, and be accounted far to the said Commissioners, and applied by them together with and xa tke junnrr as all the Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments are by this Act directed to be paid and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons so to Duty of ChU be appointed by the said Commissioners to collect and receive the Sa- lcdir of Fees, fanes. Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, shall give such Security as ftaS be required by the said Commissioners for the faithful Execution of such Trail, and duly to account, from time to time, as often as he or they shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners, far sO Sums of Money which shall come to his or their Hands as fact Colkdor or Collectors as aforesaid; and he or they shall render such Account of Monies so received as aforesaid, together with au Account of all the Sums due and payable to the said Clerk, Clerk Assistants, Serjeant at Arms, and Deputy Serjeant at Arms respec-rively, in Right of their respective Offices, who are hereby severally required to certify such Accounts under their Hands respectively; and every Account of Monies received by the Collector or Collectors shall be verified by him or them upon Oath as to the State thereof, mi all Particulars relating thereto; which Oath any one of the fai Commissioners k hereby authorised to administer; and such Collator or Collectors shall from time to time, as shall be fixed or prescribed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, pay into the Bank of England, in the Name and to the Account of the said Com-nrissioners, all Sums of Money which shall have come to or be in his or their Hands as such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, and such Account shall be called The Account of the Commissioners for regulating the Offices of the House of Commons, 9 and the Name of the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being shall be inserted therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Commimoners to order the Monies so placed to their Account as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to be paid and applied, from time to time, in making Pay-metes under and far the Purposes of this Act*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall. Stmt paid to and they are hereby directed to pay to the Clerk of the House of Clerk, Clerk Couhbobs for the time being, the net annual Sum of Three thousand Pouafa, for and during the first Five Years which the said Clerk of the House of Commons shall hold hk said Office, and from and after the Hour* of Cow-fad Term of Five Years to pay to such Clerk of the House of Com* moot, moos, the further net Sum of Five hundred Pounds annually, making together the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds; and to pay to the Clerk AflUUnt for the time being the net annual Sum e Two thousand Pounds, for and during the firiL Five Years which the find Clerk Affidanl shall hold his said Office, and from and after

3$ Ci i* 5a4 GEO. III. A.D. 1811.

[Proviso.]

7& G.3. 0.5a.

Years of Service how to be reckoned.

Salary to Serjeant at Arms.

the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, the further net annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, making together the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and also to pay to the Second Clerk Assistant for the time being, the net annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, for and during the first Five Years which the said Second Clerk Assistant shall hold his said Office, and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, the further net annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, making together the Sum of Two thousand Pounds 5 which several annual Sums the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to pay by Half-yearly Payments or Otherwise as they shall think fit; and which Sums so paid by the said Commissioners to the Clerk and Clerk Assistant and Second Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons respectively, shall be taken and accepted by them respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of fttt Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, to which they might'or could have been entitled, or which they may have been accustomed vefoe& ively to receive by virtue or in respect of their said respedire Offices, previous to the passing of this Act, any former Practice or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall apply to or prevent the demanding, receiving and taking the Fees which may arise from the Examination of the Sufficiency of the Sureties who enter into Recognizances tc prosecute Election Petitions, or for taxing the Costs and Expences oi prosecuting and opposing any such Petitions; which Fees are eftablished and ascertained under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns ol Members to serve in Parliament. f

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Years more than Five Years which any Clerk Assistant or Second Clerk Assistant for the time being, who shall be appointed tc the Office of Clerk of the House of Commons after the Expiration of the Letters Patent aforesaid, shall have held the Office of Clerk Af lift&nt or Second Clerk Assistant, shall be reckoned as Part or the Whole, as the case may be, of the Five Years by this Act requirec <0 entitle the Clerk of the House of Commons to have and receivt the full Salary or Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds; anc shall entitle such Clerk Assistant or Second Clerk Assistant so appointed to the Office of Clerk of the House of Commons, to the fill Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum; and in like manner if any Second Clerk Assistant who shall have served more that Five Years as such, shall be appointed to the Office of Clerk Assistant he shall be entitled thereupon to the full Sum of Two thousand fin hundred Pounds per Annum.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the faic Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and directed, fron and after the Expiration of the Interest of the said John CUmtntfoi in the said Office of Serjeant at Arms, to pay to the Serjeant at Armi attending the Speaker of the House of Commons, during the Sitting of Parliament for the time being, the net annual Sum of Two thou find Pounds, which said Sum of Two thousand Pounds shall be taker and accepted by the said Serjeant at Arms for the time being in ful Satisfaction and Discharge of all the Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoktaests, to which any former Serjeant at Arms migat or could 4 ' n r hav<

1

37

52 GEO. III. C. ii.

have been entitled, or which he might have been acctvftoroed to receive by virtue or in respcd of his said Office previous to the patting of this Act, and also of the Office of Housekeeper of the House of Commons hereinbefore mentioned, any former Practice or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Save and except the Allowance of Three handled Pounds a Year, now usually paid to such Serjeant at Arms, in Beu of a Residence for the said Serjeant at Arms, so at* teoding the Speaker as aforesaid, until some suitable and convenient Residence in the Vicinity of the House of Commons shall be provided ns heretofore for such Serjeant at Anns as aforesaid; and which Sum fkah be paid as heretofore by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and be receivable by the Serjeant at Arms in addition to such Salary as aforesaid, upon the Condition of his applying the lame towards providing himself with a Residence in the Vicinity of the House of Commons as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com* m&ooer*, and they are hereby directed, to pay to the Deputy Serjeant at Arms, an Allowance of Eight hundred Pounds; which said Sam of Eight hundred Pounds shall be in lieu of all other Allowances Fees and Emoluments to which any former Deputy Serjeant tt Arms might have been entitled, or which he might have been ac-adkomed to receive by virtue or in respect of his said Office, previous to the patting of this Act, any former Practice or Usage to tht contrary notwithstanding: Save and except an Allowance of Two hundred Pounds a Year, in lieu of a Residence for the said Deputy Serjeant at Arms, until some suitable and convenient Residence, in the Vicinity of the House of Commons, shall be provided as heretofore (which laid Sum shall be paid to him in like manner, and under the fike Conditions, as the Allowance before-mentioned to the Serjeant 01 Arms); and also except such Caption Fees as, upon an Account thereof to be rendered to the Commissioners, shall be allowed by then; which Allowance, in lieu of such Residence and Caption Fees as aforesaid, shall and may be received by such Deputy Serjeant at Arms in addition to such Salary as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, to pay the Collector or Cottedors and other Persons employed by them in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries or Allowances as shall appear to them to be just and reasonable; and it shall also he lawful for the said Commissioners, from time to time, to pay and allow to the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the House of Commons, such Sums and Allowances as may he just and proper, according to the Rules and Useges heretofore, or which may hereafter be established, or in use, for regulating such Allowances; which Payments and Allowance* ftufl be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all Payments for the like Services heretofore made upon Address of the House of Commons or otherwise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorised and required to prepare and lay before the House of Commons, within Twenty Sitting Days after the Com-neoccment of every Session of Parliament, a Statement shewing the Amount of the Money remaining on their Account at the Bank, or cofleded under their Order, pursuant to the Provisions and for the Purposes of this Act after the making of all such Payments as a

Allowance to Deputy Serjeant at Areas.

Commissioners tr> pay Collector, fcc. and Clerks.

Account laid be-fors Parliament.

3

C.u.

A.D. 1812.

Direction* for laying Annual Accounts before the House of Comr.ons, and for Appropriation of Surplus.

Nomination of Clerks to be held by the Clerk.

52 GEO. III.

hereinbefore required or authorised by thit AQ, or reserving wb* may be necessary for making such Payments, together with a Plano the manner in which it is proposed or intended by the said Comraif sioners that the Residue be applied and disposed of, towards maktsj a Provision for the Support of such Officers of the Speaker of tin House of Commons, or of the Clerk of the said House, or Seneaa at Arms, as may from casual circumstance9 appear to require the lame and for affording a permanent Allowance to the Clerk, Clerk Afliil ant. Second Clerk Assistant, Serjeant at Arms, or Deputy Seijeao at Arms, and such other Persons as aforesaid, who may hare beei disabled by Age or Infirmity from the Discharge of their respectiv Duties; which said Plan shall be binding and conclusive on the salt Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and directed to earn the same into Effect, unless the said House, within Twenty Sitting Days after the said Plan shall have been so laid before them, shal have otherwise ordered and directed; and then and in such case wit! such Variation as shall have been so ordered and directed.

XIII. ABdbeit further enacted, That the said Commissioners shal prepare and lay before the House of Commons, within the furtbei Space of Twenty Sitting Days after the said Plan shall have beer concluded upon and established, a Statement shewing the Amount o; the Monies so received by them by virtue of this Act, and of the Purposes to which the same shall have been applied and disposed of or for which any Sum or Sums of Money may be necessary to satisfy the same, apd carry the said Plan into Execution, in order that the Sums necessary to supply any Deficiencies in the said Fund for the Purposes to which the same is by this Act made applicable, and to pay such Salaries and Allowances as are directed and authorised by this Act, may be provided by Parliament; and any Surplus (in case it shall appear from the said Account that there is in the Hands of the said Commissioners a Surplus remaining, after making all Payments required and authorised by this Act, and carrying into Effect the Plan and Orders hereinbefore mentioned) shall be applied and disposed of towards providing, in case the House shall (ee fit, a numeration for the Peirfon or Persons by whom the Duties of Chair-man of the Committee of Ways and Means shall have been discharged during the then Session of Parliament; and in case there shall beaoy further Surplus over and above a Sum equal to the Amount of the Charges and Outgoings for the last Year and of the Payments proposed and settled to be made under the Plan abovementioned, together with such Remuneration, if any, the said Commissioners aiq hereby authorised and required, in the first Place, to retain such Sun| towards Payment of the Charges and Outgoings of the ensuing Yean and to pay thereout all such Salaries and Allowances as aforesaid, by Halfyearly Payments or otherwise, as they (hati think fit; and they said Commissioners shall, within Twenty Days after the Conclusion of such Session of Parliament, pay the final Surplus into the Exchequer, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of the present Inter* ft of the said John Hat fell and John Ley, the Power of Nomination or Appointment, by the said Clerk of the House of Commons, of all the Clerks in his Department, together with the Power of Suspension and Removal of all the Clerks so by him nominated o$ appointed, shall be holden, exercised and enjoyed by the said Clerk

A.D. 1812.

52 Geo. ra.

C. 11, 12.

39

of the House, in such manner at the same are holden, exercised and enjoyed at the time of the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that after the Expiration of the hud Letters Patent, granted to the fad Job9 Hatfell and Jobm Ley, no Clerk of the House of Commons fraO exercise the said Office by Deputy*

XV. And be it farther enacted, That the Power of Nomination Notmmtion of or Appointment by the said Serjeant at Arms, of all Officers, Mef- Mdfay toW fcngm and other Persons attendant on the House, together with the*T 8ti3eei, t Power of Suspension and Removal of the Officers, Messengers, and

other Persons so by him nominated and appointed, shall be holden, ezerdfed and enjoyed by the said Serjeant, in such manner as the same are holden, exercised and enjoyed at the time of the passing of this Act; Pronded nevertheless, that such Offices under the said Serjeant, as have heretofore been accustomed to be sold, shall continue to be sold, and the Produce thereof shall be accounted for as here* tofoce, and be paid over to the said Commissioners, or to their CoL kdor or Collectors, as hereinbefore directed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Complaint or Representation shall at any time be made to the Speaker

0/ the House of Commons for the time being, of the Misconaud or BaHeiosX Uafitness of any Clerk, Officer, Messenger or other Person attendant penftou or Rt* on the House of Commons, hereafter to be appointed by the Clerk of movaL the House of Commons, or Serjeant at Arms, or admitted into their respective Departments, (other than the Clerk Affillants and Deputy Serjeant at Arms) it shall be lawful for the said Speaker to cause En* qawy to be made into the Conduct or Fitness of such Person; and if thereupon it shall appear to the Speaker, that such Person has been rahy of Misconduct, or is unfit to bold his Situation, it shall be lawful for the Speaker to require that such Person should be fu pended or removed, as the case may be, and such Person shall be so suspended or removed accordingly; and in the case of any Person so apponted by the Serjeant at Arms who may have purchased his Place, inch Person shall be liable to be so removed as aforesaid, with or without any Return of the Consideration paid by him for the same, as by the Commissioners hereinbefore named shall be adjudged to be

CAP. XII.

An Act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzle* ment of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores to Ireland.

[28th February 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the Twenty 4 W fecortd Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

htkokd An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as % % Cr.a c.j. 1 JeaJ Cloth from the Rack, and from such as Jballfiea For imbczJl His

Mtjfy's Ammunition and Stores: And whereas another Act of Par-9 & 10 W.3.

lament was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of &4i.

4 King William the Third, intituled An Act for the better preventing the Imbczxlew^ent of His Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds and jfhvfes in paying Seamen's Wages: And whereas another Act of Parliament was passed in the Ninth Year of the 9G*A Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for continuing same Law and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries

43

C. 12.

520 Geo. in.

A.D. 1812.

y G.2.C. 4CV

from serving Parish and Ward Offices and upon Juries* an9relating to Jurors, and to the Payment of Seamen*s Wages and ti9Preservation of Naval Stores and Stores of War, and concerning tl9Militia and Trophy Moneys and again/l clandestine running of ari

customed Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating j

the Cttfloms, and Frauds in mixing Sills with Stuffs to be exported9And whereas another Act of Parliament was passed in the Sevei

teenth Year of the Reign of King Georg? the Second, intituled A9AS to continue the several Laws therein mentioned for preventing Tbej9 and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more ej9fcQualpunishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed tn JDij9guise and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Propertit9of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offcna9ers to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cuttnsg 09breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to freven9the malicious cutting of Hop Binds, and for the more effeQuaf Pwntfb9ment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine> Pit or Defy9of Coal or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking

any Red or Fallow Deer in Forejis or Chaees, or beating or wound9ing the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chaees or Parks; and fot9granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growihf Produce or Menu9failure of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America from tbi9said Colonies directly to foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for bnbezzfing Naval Stores or Stores9of War, and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either of the9Univcrfties in that Part of Great Britain called England, without9Licence: And whereas another Act of Parliament was passed in the

Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better t reventing the Embezzle-9 ment of His Majesty's Naval\ Ordnance and Victualling Stores c And whereas it is expedient that the several recited Acts of Parliament,

Co far as the same severally relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance9 and Vifcualling Stores therein respectively mentioned, should be ex-9 tended to and be in such and the same Force in Ireland as the same9respectively now are in England; y Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from

cited Acts as re- and after % h$ passing of this A d, all and every the said recited Acts late 10 Nava), of parliament, so far as the same severally relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stotes, therein respectively mentioned, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein respectively contained relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, shall extend to and be of such and the same Force in Ireland\ so far as the same are or may be capable of being applied to Ireland\ as the same respectively now are in England, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several recited Acts of Parliament, and the several Clauses, Matters and Things therein respectively contained relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, and as the same respectively now are in Force in England\ were herein and hereby repeated and re-enacted for that t*art of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all and evert JVfons and Person who shall commit in Ireland any Offence or Of-

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 8

0 much of re

Ordnance and Victualling Stores, extended jo Ireland.

4*

52 GEO. III. C. 12, 13.

fences against all or any of the said recited ActU of Parliament, so far as the lame federally relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance or V&uaHkg Stores, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Inabilities as such Persons and Person would by the said several recked Acts of Parliament, or any of them, have been subject and liable to is case such Offence or Offences had been committed within that Salt of the United Kingdom called England.

[Offence* against 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 89. 29, &c. how tried.]

II. And be it enacted, That all and every Persons and Person who shall be accofed in Ireland of any Offence or Misdemeanor against the fad recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for which, when committed in England, a fommary Mode of Trial and Conviction is by the said Act established, may be tried in the same summary manner before any Justice of the Peace for any County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Libaty or Place in Ireland, within which any such Offence or Misdeameanour shall be committed, provided that no such summary Pro. ceeduig shall be had before any such Justice of the Peace, without Coafeot in Writing of His Majesty's Naval Storekeeper for the time being at any Port in Ireland.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

[28th February 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[51 G. 3. c. 125. 1.]

intituled An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England; wherein it was recited, that it might be convenient in the then crowded State of the Prisons and Gaols in England and Wales that some of the Prisoners confined therein, truly surrendering their Effects to their Creditors, should be liberated: And whereas in the said Act it was not enacted that Persons committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid; and also for not paying of Costs duly and properly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose; and also upon the Writ de Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process, for or grounded upon the Nonpayment of Money, Costs or Expences, in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of such Court relating thereto; shall be entitled to the Benefit of the said Act, as has been usual in such cases: And whereas it is convenient that the Provisions and Benefits of the said Act shall be extended to such Persons as in similar cases hath been heretofore done; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Benefit of recited Act extended to Persons committed for Contempt in not paying Money awarded or Costs.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons committed as aforesaid by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process, for or grounded upon the Nonpayment

42 C. 13, 14. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

payment of Money, Costs or Expences, in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of such Court relating thereto, and who were in Custody on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be and are entitled to all the Benefits of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, in the same manner as if this Provision had made Part thereof, on and subject to the same Terms, Conditions and Restrictions as are therein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

[5th March 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sum contained in certain Exchequer Bills, now outstanding, to tfo Amount of Fourteen Millions Sterling, have resolved, that all Persons interested in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills shouldb entitled, in respect of the Principal Sums contained therein, to foci Capital Stock in Annuities as are herein after mentioned, subject t< 4 the Provisions of this Act We Your Majesty's most faitbfu Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that 11 may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excelleni Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

Holders of cer- and by the Authority of the same, That every Person interested in w tain Exchequer entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the First Day

1

to the-Bank. lC* eight hundred and twelve, and the Twenty ninth Day of Februarj

One thousand eight hundred and twelve, both inclusive, have carried the same to the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, iiakfs the said Principal Sum of Fourteen Millions Sterling shall have ben sooner subscribed at the said Office in such Exchequer Bills, shall be paid the Ir.terest that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in Money, as soon after the said Ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, as can conveniently be done, and shall have m exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Paymasters Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* expressing the Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount o? the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds fer Centnmper jlnnum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve for each One hundred Pounds contained in such last mentioned Certificates, and so in Proposition for any greater Sum; and that all Persons interested in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, by having delivered the same between the

CAP. XIV.

respe&fte

A.D. 1812.

43

52 GEO. III. C. 14, 15.

rripeftive Days aforesaid, into the said Office of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms; which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, Pnwif* that die Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bilk, to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Act, mall not exceed the Sum of Fourteen Millions Sterling. u Exchequer Office to receive and cancel such Exchequer Bills, on " granting such Certificates. 2. Certificates to entitle to certain M A acuities, payable at the times herein mentioned. Foreign At- tachment $ 3. Annuities payable out of Consolidated Fund, f 4.

" Certificates may be assignable before August t, 1812. 5. Bank,

" on receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for the Capital u Stock therein mentioned 5 which Stock may be transferred. 6.

M Exchequer to issue Money to the Bank for Payment of the An-" unities, f 7. Accountant General to examine the Cashiers Ac-M coasts. 8. Money converted into Five per Cent. Annuities to " besdded to Joint Stock of Five per Cent- aheady established. 9. u Mode of transferring Stock. 10. Counterfeiting Certificates,

" &c. Death. 11. Bank to continue a Corporation for the Pur-u pafc of this Act. 12. No Fee taken. Penalty. 13. Bank " to receive a Compensation for Services. 14.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons General Mite. &all at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted, for any tiring by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons Hull and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue Iris or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given agauft him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded Trebls Costs. against (rich Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[This Act, except as to Dates and Sums, is in the same Words as 50 C. 3. c. 23. and51 G. 3. c. 16.]

CAP. XV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be fuf-pmded 5 and for continuing so much of an Act of the Forty feienth Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

[5th March 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His*W present Majesty, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain 1 DravUch and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain,

43 G g, c. ix*

A.r>. x t

4i G.j. C.JJ.

46 G. 3. c.ia

47 G.3.felT.i. c.9.

48 G. 3. c. 16.

49 G. 3. c.u.

49 G.3.098.

50 G. 3. c. 18.

51 G. 3. c. 13.

Drawbacks in Schedule to 49 G. 3.C98. and Bounties in Schedule to 45 G. 3. c. 93. allowed. Exception.

When Drawbacks shall be allowed, &c.

34 G. 3. C. 43.

C.ij. 52* geo, in.

Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in

thereof \ until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight /wn< 4 and four: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fifth Yea His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Mafe/ry 4 regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Su 4 from Great Britain: And whereas Three other Acts passed in Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for further continuing the said Act of the Forty tl Year of His present Majesty: And whereas another Act pa flee

the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An

further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoief- eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the 2 4 portation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Cc 4 tervcnling Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impo/ect an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty Jhalf be J

pended: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of t Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing 1 4 several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and J 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas byTwo 0(7/ 4 Acts passed in the Fiftieth and Firty first Years of His prese Majesty, the Drawbacks allowed by the said recited Act passed

the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the Bounties allowed by tf said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefei

Majesty were further continued: and it is expedient that the fai

Drawbacks and Bounties so continued by the said Acts of th

Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of His present Majesty, should be fin

ther continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliamen assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Draw backs in the Schedule to the said last recited Act of the Fortj ninth Year aforesaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule tc the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be respectively paid and allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject to and under, and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act) as the said Drawbacks and Bounties were respectively paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette published on the Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednesday in May, the First Wednesday in September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or the First Wed* nesday in January Gne thousand eight hundred and thirteen, that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Act made in the Thirty fecund Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugary and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into toe Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, for the Four preceding Months, computed to the Wednesday immediately preceding such Saturday aforesaid, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exclusive of the Dutiea of Customt paid or

payable

A.D. 1812.

45

52 GEO. III. C. 15.

finable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in flwy such case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the fid recited Acts passed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of Ifci present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed mentioned, as cor-wCponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London GsMttte (kail have been given as aforesaid, shall he paid or allowed mi Notice of any other Average shall in like manner appear in the Lmdt* Gonette on auy other of such Saturdays as besot e mentioned; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in einy respect, and subject and under and according to the like Roles and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said first recited Act, except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing 490.3. c. pg.

tie fiverai Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for grouting other Duties in lieu thereof, the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty8 Treasury, or any Three 3

or more of them, are authorised to suspend the Payment of the additional Duties of Customs on Sugar, granted by the said last recited Act, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the average9Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Act, and

by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty,

9 intituled An Act for regulating the Mode in which the average Price^q^c

9 of Brown or Muscovado Sugary exclusive of the Duty thereon is to9be ajcertmmtd under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty9Jim Year of His present Majesty, shall be below the Prices men-

booed in the said fiiR recited Act of the Forty ninth Year afore- kid: And whereas it is expedient, that, during the Period of such

Sofptafion, the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent Drawback or9Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the9Manufacture of Great Britain, and also the additional Bounty900 the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland* imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act,

shouldia like manner be suspended; 9 Be it therefore further enacted.

That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commis- When Treasury fiooersef His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall exercise suspend Payment the Power vested in them, and shall, according to the Directions of of Duty on the said Act, suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Su*r Dibes 00 Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for them and shall aho they are hereby authorised and required in like manner and for the foCperd Counfib Period, te suspend either the Whole of the additional Counter- tervaUing Dubes, acting Duties of Customs on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Irduit imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the addition! Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland* imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proposition toffe Amount of Duty so itffoeaded.

46

43 0.3. c.ix.

uinutd.

C. 15.

52 GEO. III.*

A.D. 1si

47 G. 3.felT.i.

c.aj.

11.

8.

U.

4?G*3. c.i.

49 0.3. cio. 51 G. 3.C13.

4 5.

0 much of 47 G. 3. (eflT.i. C. 22. MS relates to Bounties on Raw Sugars sontuiued. Bounty on Raw Sugar to be governed by average Prices of Brown Sugar pub lifted in London Gazette.

Act may be altered, Sec.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, I visions, Authorities, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Thins the said Act contained, except as the same are varied or altered this Act, shall be and the same are hereby further continued fl the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred twelve, and shall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth ] of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, for the Portll London, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eid hundred and thirteen, for other Parts of Great Britain.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Yea* His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow for Two Tears, fi and after the faffing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Dos Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sui to such as shall be founded, crafbed or broken; and to allow fori Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exporter certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Double ] fined Sugar; and also a Bounty was allowed upon the Ex porta! of Raw Sugar; and it was enacted that so much of the said redti Act as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Double Refit* Sugar should continue in force for Two Years from the passing < the said Act; and so much thereof as related to the allowing of Bounty upon Raw Sugar should continue in force for One Ye, from the passing of that Act: And whereas by. another Act pafle in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth bay of March One thm sand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty seveni Year of His frefent Majesty, as allows certain Bounties on Britil Plantation Raw Sugar exported, so much of the said first recite Act as related to the said Bounties upon Raw Sugars was forth continued with certain Alterations till the Twenty fifth Day < March One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas: much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesai as relates to the Bounties upon Raw Sugar, as altered and co> tinned by the said last recited Act, and also the said last recite Act altering and continuing the same, have been by subsequent Ai continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousai eight hundred and twelve; and it is expedient that the said Bou ties should be further continued 5* Be it therefore enacted, Th so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesai as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continue by the said recited Acts, shall be further continued until the Twem fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from ai after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred ai twelve, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportath from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of British Plantation Ra Sugar by the said (aft recited Act of the Fojty seventh Year of t Reign of His present Majesty, shall be governed by the averaj Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, computed and published the London Gazette, for the Periods, at the Times, and in tl manner hereinbefore directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altere nmended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Sel2i< of Parliament.

C A 1

A.D. 1811.

t

52 GEO. III. C. 16.

47

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the more exemplary Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Marhines or Engines used in the Framework knitted Ma-nufactory, or any Articles or Goods in such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 AS fir the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames md the Machines or Engines annexed thereto or used therewith, and

fir the Ptaeishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking

Frames* Machines or Engines, and the Framework knitted Pieces,

*8G.j.SS-

4 Stockings* and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hoftery or Framework hutted Manufactory, or breaking or defraying any Machinery coatamed in any MiU or Mills used or in any wan employed aft preparing or fpisming of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame* hare been found ineffectual: And whereas such Outrages hive for same time pad been carried on to an alarming Extent; it is therefore necessary that more effectual Provisions should be made*against such unlawful Practices, and for preventing such Outrages,

and bringing Offenders therein to exemplary Justice; and that such Provisions mould be extended to the Frame-work Lace Manuhstory, against: which similar Outrages have been committed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it caafiked by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cannons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, enter by Force into any House, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut stroying Prams-or destroy any Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings or Lace, or ork k"h*e* other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or upon any Macliiue or Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be used or prepared for that Porpose; or with an Intent to break or destroy any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, In ft ru meat or Utensil, used in and for the working and making of any such Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings,

Lace, or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework knitted Manufactory; or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without hrag the Content or Authority of the Owner, destroy, or cut with an Intent to destroy or render ufcless, any Framework knitted Pieces,

Stocking*, Lace, or other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or pan any Machine or Engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that Pur.

Me; or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Contest or Authority of the Owner, break, destroy or damage with an lot* to destroy or render ufekfs any Frame, Machine, Engine,

Tool, Instrument or Utensil used in and for the working and making if any such Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework knitted Stocking, or Framework Lace Manufactory; or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, break

Cutting or de-

Pieces, kc. or Mai hi net used in Manu atture.

or

c. 16.

A.D. 1812.

Death.

Persons in whofa House or Cul-lody Frames, Machines, or Engines deft royed to give Notice to Owners nd ?o before Magiilr^te.

Misdemeanor.

Misdemeanors.

52 GEO. III.

or destroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills ufedor an way employed in preparing or spinping of Wool or Cotton, or othe Materials for the Use of the Stocking or Lace Manufactory, ever Offender being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged guilt of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as iu cases of Felony without Benef of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person in whose Houi or Custody or Possessioo any Frame, Machine or Engine, Tool, It strument or Utensil, used in and for the working and making of an Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Articles c Goods in the Hosiery or Framework knitted Stocking, or Frami work Lace Manufactory as aforesaid (not being his or her Property shall be at the time of the Destruction or damaging thereof, or c any Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Article or Goods, being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine aforesaid, and who shall not, within Twenty four Hours after he c (he shall have known of such Destruction or Damage being committe as aforesaid, give Notice thereof to the Owner of such Frame Machine or Engine, Tool, Instrument or Utensil, as aforesaid, i residing within Twelve Miles, or if such Owner shall not rehd within such Distance, then to some known Agent of such Ownei if any such Agent shall reside within the Distance of Twelve Miles and also within Forty eight Hours, go before some Justice of th Peace or Magistrate residing near the Place where such Destru&io; or Damage shall have taken place as aforesaid, to be examined upoi Oath, as to every Matter or Thing relating to the committing 0 such Destruction and Damage, and his Knowledge thereof, and 01 all Particulars relating thereto, which may lead to the Discovery 0 the Offender therein, every such Person shall for every such Negie& be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor 5 and every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indictment or Information, ma] be puoifited as in Cases of Misdemeanor, by Fine and Imprisonment at the Discretion of the Court in which he shall be convicted; aw every Justice of [the Peace or Magistrate before whom any fuel Person shall so go, shall examine such Person upon Oath (which Oatfc every such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby authorised tc administer) as to his Knowledge of such Damage or Deftni&ion, and of the Persons committing the same, or of any Particulars which may lead to the Detection of the Offenders therein; and shall also allow the Owner of the Frame, Machine or Engine, Tool, Instrument 01 Utensil, as aforesaid, or Agent if present, to put any Question upon Oath to such Person for the Discovery of the Offender; and if such Owner or Agent shall not have had sufficient Notice to be present when such Person came before the Justice or Magistrate for Examination as aforesaid, such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall, if required by the Owner or Agent aforesaid, or if such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall deem it necessary, although no such Ro quisition shall be made, again call such Person before him for Examination by the Owner or Agent aforesaid; and every such Person who shall neglect or refuse (upon being summoned) to appear again before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and be again examined as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punished as in cases of Misdemeanort, at the Discretion of the Court in which be or (he shall be convicted.

49

52 GEO. III. C. 16, 17.

III. And be it further eroded, That if any Person examined by or before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under this Act as aforesaid, shall wilfully or corruptly swear any Matter or Tiling which loll be false or untrue; or if any Person shall suborn or procure any Person to commit Penury in any such Examination, every such terfoo so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be andhereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties u are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing Perjury, or guilty of Subornation of Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS considerable Numbers of disorderly Persons have for some time past assembled themselves together, on dif- front Occasions, in a riotous and tumultuous manner, in several 1 Part* of the County of Nottingham, and in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the adjoining Counties, and have bad Recourse to Measures of Force and Violence, and have actually committed various Acts of Outrage in different Parts of the said Counties, whereby the Property of many of His Majesty's Subjects*has mineral Ioflances been wholly destroyed, and their Lives and Properties are still endangered: And whereas the giving more prompt Means, and more effectual Powers for enforcing the Duties of watching in the Night-time, and warding in the Day-time, will tend to the Preservation of the Peace, and to the Protection of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants of the said Counties, and of any other Counties in which similar Outrages may be comnutted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ecacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by sad with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Custos Rotulorum, or in ha Abfeoce the Sheriff, or any Five Justices of the Peace acting in ltd far any County in that Part of the United Kingdom csuled EqtmJ, may, from time to time, and as often as Occasion shall reaoire, in case any Disturbances or Offences against the Peace pre-uiW or being apprehended within the County, shall in his or their Optoma render the Execution of this Act advisable and necessary, by Older under his or their Hands and Seals respectively, direct the (Serkof the Peace acting for the County, or his lawful Deputy, to comm and assemble a Special General Sessions of the Justices of the Peste acting in and for the County, by Notice given in some

Perjury.

Act may be repealed.

[Continuance of Act.]

Custos Rotulorum or Sheriff er Justices to convene a Special General Sessions for Execution of Ad.

s

C. 17.

52 GEO. III.

A.O. tltl

justices in Special General Sessions to adjudge and declare the State of the P ace in the County, and Expediency of executing AIL

Justices to summon Witnessea, and to make Compensation to them.

Newspaper circulating in the County, and put up upon the Choro Doors and conspicuous Places of the Market Places, if any, of d several Parishe*, Towns and Places in which such Disturbance flri be or are apprehended. Two Days at the lead before the time fill for the Meeting, to take into Consideration, and to determine upj the Expediency of carrying into Effect all Or any of the Powers at Provisions of this Act; and the Justices so assembled may adjourn tl said Special General Sessions, and so from time to time as Occafi may require.

II. And be it farther enacted, That in case it shall appear to t| Justices of the Peace at any such Special General Sessions so \ sembled as aforesaid, that Disturbances prevail or are apprehended the County, within any Parish, Township or Place, situated with their respective Jurisdictions, and that the ordinary Officers appointi for preserving the Peace are not sufficient for the Protection of t! Inhabitants and Security of the Property being or lying in the Parij Township or Places where such Disturbances prevail or are appt hended, then and in any such case it shall be lawful for the li Justices, not being less than Five, and they are hereby empowered adjudge and declare, that the Officers ordinarily appointed are infi; ficient for the Preservation of the Peace, and for the Protection the Inhabitants, and the Security of the Property beitag or lying any such Parish, Township or Place; and that every Man refidSi within any such Parish, Township or Place, above the Age of Sere teen Years, and charged or assessed to the Kate for the Relief of tl Poor therein, .'hall be subject and liable to the Duties of watchii by Night and warding by Day, according to the Provisions of th Act; and thereupon to authorize and order the Powers and Pr visions of this Act to be carried into Execution within every or ai such Parish, Township or Place, and forthwith to give Notice i such their Adjudication and Orders to His Majesty's Pi incipal Sed tary of State for the Home Department, and Notice of such Adjud cation shall also be published by the Clerk of the Peace in forae 01 or more Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating in the Count

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for aj Justice of the Peace acting in and for any such County, by SumroP under his Hand and Seal, t6 cause to come before any such Sped General Sessions so assembled as aforesaid, any Person or Perfoi whomsoever, to give Evidence and to be examined concerning ai Matters relating to the Execution of this Act; and the Justices 3 every such Special General Sessions are hereby authorised and eu powered to order the Treasurer of the County to pay out of tl County Rates to every Person so summoned or required to gil Evidence as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as by the Jufbcj at their said Special General Sessions may be adjudged to be a prop and reasonable Compensation for his, her or their Lose of Tin* Trouble and Expences; and if any Person so summoned as iforeftid shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time appointed by such Sut( mons, and np just or reasonable Excuse shall be made, or sufficier Cause assigned for such Absence; or if any Person appearing upd any such Summons shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, it maD^ lawful for the Justices present at such Special General Session*, b] Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, to comm! any such Person so neglecting or refilling to appear, or refusing tl

io b

A.D. 1ll?. 52 GEO. III. C. 17.

fe examined, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the Groty* for any time not exceeding Three Months.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices in such 9peal General Sessions shall order Notice of such their Adjudica | to be given by the respective Chief Constables to the several Con-fables of every Parish, Township or Place in which the Powers and Pterin* of this Act are required to be enforced by any such Adjudicates u aforesaid, and to the Special Constables, if any shall have bees sppoicted under this Act, and to issue Precepts requiring from tie md Constables, within such time as shall be required by the Jadme^ dot exceeding Three Days after such Notice, a fair and true lift of the Nantes, Occupations and Ages of all the Men usually and tt tkt Time dwelling within their respective Parishes, Townships irFboes, atove the Age of Seventeen Years, and who are charged ptdettd to the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor therein, and to cetera the same to the said Justices, or to any Two of them, affem-bW in such Special or Petty Sessions as shall or may be appointed ft be idd for receiving the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Copiahie required to return or assist in the making out any such Lift M aforesaid, to demand from the respective O veneer or Overseers of 4* Poor of every such respective Parish, Township or Place, a true Copy of the A&ffment last made for the Relief of the Poor therein, or t)e Iflfpeftkra and Use of such Assessment, for making a Copy or Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, or Extracts thereof; and it case any Inch Overseer or Overseers shall oegled or refuse, by the Spaa of Twenty fonr Hours, to deliver such Copy of the fepd Afljeff-meot, if the lame Audi be demanded, or shall refuse the Inspection and Ufcof Inch Assessment, he or they shall forfeit a Sum not exceed-acTa Pounds for every such Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That <every such Constable shall, md he is hereby required, within such Time as shall he prescribed bjthe laid Justices, to make out a true Lift of every Man within the strict, Township or Place, or apy Part thereof, for which he MI be required to make out such Lift, above the Age of Seventeen Yean, and rated as aforesaid, and shall to every such Person deliver t Nstke according to the Fqrm contained in the Schedule hereto maned, marked (A.), specifying that his Name is contained in such lift, nod mentioning the Time and Place appointed by the Justices for fearing Appeals by Persons claiming to be exempt from the Ditto mprirea or enjoined by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Ptett, srvTwo ofrthqm, may from time to time issue their Order wfe Mr Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of any Con-Afefcsr other Officer of any such Parish, Township or Place, at fetTw and Place within the said County, as shall in such Order fepriU* and any fuph Constable or Officer shall without UUm negfeft to appear according to fqch Order, orkto

ntersmyLift which shall have been taken by him under this Asst, vUa making such Return bp guilty of any Fraud or wilful Patilityorgro&Neglect, he fell, for every such Offence, be^ia^e Twenty PQumfes nor fefsjthan Fqrty

e*vm- Atf

S1

Imprisonment.

Justices in Specif General Sessions to order Chief Conflablea to require Lifts to be made by Pet* y Coni I ablet, ol h 1 i Men above the Age of 17 Years paying Poor Rates, to be returned to Petty Seffons.

Constablea to demand Copies of Assessracnts.

Overseers Deleting to deliver same.

[Penalty.]

Constables to return Lifts of Persons liable, and to give Notice to Parties specifying Time and Place of Appeal.

Justices may require Attendance of Cou-stables, and a Return of Lifts.

[Penalty.]

A.l). il

J unices m?y require new Lift* it Originals loll, &c.

Const iMe to verify Returns on O ttli.

J.nlices to amend Lilts and arrange order of watching and warding.

Where it shall appear that Number of Persons rated tc Poor Kate in any Place, are not sufficient for watching and warding,

Justices to require other Lifts.

Appeal

Special Sessioas to appoint Special Constables to regulate Watch nd Ward.

C. 17. 52 GEO. III.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any such Lift of any Pa Township or Place, be lost or destroyed, any Two Justices of Peace for the County within which any such Parish, Townfhij Place is situated, mav at any Special or Petty Sessions, order cause a new Lift to be made and returned to them as aforesai< such time as they may appoint.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Constables who shall have any such Lifts, shall severally attend and verify the said Return Oath, on such Day and at such Place as may be appointed; am said Justices at any Special or Petty Sessions held For carrying Act into Execution, or any Two or more of them, shall, after ing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, direct such Lifts t amended as the case may require, and shall also direct the Nam* all Persons omitted to be inserted; and after amending the said shall appoint such Number of Inhabitants so liable to undertake execute the said Duties of watching and warding, as the said Juf shall think necessary to keep Watch in every such Parish, Towi or Place, every Night from Sunset until Sun*rHe, and also to ] Ward during the Day-time, if need in their Judgment shall reo (reasonable Regard being had to the Extent and Population of said Parish, Township or Place); and shall also determine, settle, arrange, the Order, Rotation and Time, in which every Perfo liable to the Duty of watching and warding, shall undertake perform the same, and regulate the manner in which the said  shall be performed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall lawful for the Justices of the Peace, in any case in which it I appear to them that the Number of Persons rated to the Poor R in any Parish, Township or Place, is not sufficient for the Dut watening and warding under this Act, to require any other L and appoint any such Number of other Persons as may appeal them to be necessary to perform the Duty of watching and wan under the Provisions of this Act; who mall be thereupon liabk perform such Duty, and subject to all the Provisions, Powers, Att rities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Provisions of this Act, as if had been returned in the Lifts of the Persons rated to the Poor it shall be lawful for the said Justices to allow to such Personi Compensation for their Services as may appear to them to ben able and proper to be paid in like manner as any Compeofau Persons watching and warding is directed by this Act to be pa

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whole shall be inserted in any such List or Lists as aforesaid, shall think fclf aggrieved thereby, or by the Omission of any other Nam* shall claim to be exempted from serving, he may make Aj>pd the Special or Petty Sessions appointed for hearing such Apj and that the Justices of the Peace then and tho^present, or aof or more of them, may hear and determine the same; and in ck same Appeals cannot be heard on the Day appointed, they ml journ to any other Day or Days.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Jd at any Special or Petty Sessions, to appoint such Number, a such Persons, whether rated or resident in the Parish or Phi not, as to them shall appear fit and proper, to be denomi Special Constables, who, (in conjunction with or independent d

Qonti

A.D. 1812..

53

5 2 GEO. III.

c. 17.

S*

Caoftsblef for the time being) or One or more of them, according t foe Order of the said Justices, shall direct, regulate and manage, boa time to time, all Persons engaged or employed in keeping Watch or Ward: Provided always, that the said Special Condables, and all foe bid Persons so engaged or employed in watching or in warding, foan be fobbed to the general Superintendence and Controui of the ChkfCoduhle in and for the Hundred or Division in which each of the bid Panlhes, Town ships or Places is respectively situated 5 prodded foat so Person, not resident in the Parish or Place for which he Act be ib appointed a Special Constable, shall be obliged to serve as hA^&Content.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall r to the Custos Rotulorum, or Sheriff or Justices a fore fa id, who dntd the convening and assembling of any Special General iom as aforesaid, that the Circumstances under which they con-t such Sessions, make it adviseable that watching and warding U be enforced with as little Delay as possible, if the Justices afeabfed at the Special General Sessions should deem the Execution of foe Ad ueceflary, it shall be lawful for such Custot Rotulorum, or or Justices, to give Notice to the Condables, and appoint ofoer Special Condables, and require Lids, and hear Appeals, and so attach Acts, Matters and Things, and use and exercise all Powers, and Authorities for the completing of every Ad, Matter and Thing teceiuy, for the more speedy Execution of the Ad, if the Special General Sessions shall upon assembling deem it necessary to put the Probfioos thereof in force; and all the Penalties, Forfeitures and Segnbiioos in this Act, shall be applied for the enforcing such Directions of the Custos Rotulorum, Sheriff, or Justices aforesaid, as 3 the Special General Sessions had adjudged the Ad to be carried into Execution; and in the mean time, it shall be lawful for any Two of foe laid Justices to appoint Special Condables for the Purpose of wstdfog and warding; and also to appoint any other Persons who may be willing to undertake the said Duty, until the Determination of foe Special General Session shall be known; and to direct the Payment to such Condables and Persons respectively, of Compen-btD in manner directed by this Act, as if the Provisions thereof were in force under the Adjudication of the Special General Sessions.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Condable of every Hundred or Division shall, once at lead In every Week, or as often as the said Justices shall direct, visit every Parish, Township or Mace, in which Watch and Ward shall be carried on under the Proiifiow of this Act; and shall diligently inquire respecting the maser in which Ae said Duties of watching and warding have been earned into Effect within the said several Parishes, Town ships or Places, and shall make and deliver a faithful Report of the same, and of so Matters relating to the Preservation of the Peace, in Writing tofoeMices at their respective Special or Petty Sessions.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any Person so appointed to watch or to ward, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time and Place  shall be appointed by the Condable or Special Condable or'Con-tfoksoftbe Parish, Township or Place, for the Performance of the Duties, or either of them, or shall neglect or refuse to proceed voridibg t6 the Directions and Orders of the Constable, or of the Special Condable or Condables of any such Parish, Township or

Custoe Rotulorum, or Sheriff^ may direct Att to be put in Execution before Special General Session* are met.

Chief ConftaMes

to \ jfit nd re nrr to Special Sessions.

Refuting to watch or ward.

4

A.D. 1812.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Person* above Fifty Years of Age, not occupying aoL a Year.

Substitute*, approved by Petty Seftiort* or C&itf Constable*.

Constable*, at the Expence of Paridict, to provide necesftry Arms, See. by Direction of Special Session*.

C.rj.

5^Gt6. m.

Place, 1st thfc regular and punctual Performance of the said Dot; every such Person so neglecting or refusing, who shall not prove i the Satisfaction Of the Magiftrite that he was prevented by Illnd or such other unavoidable Accident ad shall in the Judgment of tl Justices be a sufficient Excuse, shall, for every such Offence, forft and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds hot- less than For Shillings for every such Neglect or Refusal: Provided ncvmhde that the said Justices of the reace, or any Two of them, at the fa Special or Petty Sessions, may exempt and discharge from the Do of watching or warding any Man exceeding the Age of Fifty Yesu and not occupying Lands or Tenements Of the yearly Value Twenty Pounds.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Perfo who shall have found a sufficient Substitute, to be approved by tl said Justices in the said Special or Petty Sessions, or by the Chi Constable of the Hundred or Division in which the said Parish, Tow ship or Place shall be situate, and who shall have inrolled the Nan Age, Occupation, and Place of Abode of such Substitute in tl Book of the Constable, or his lawful Deputy, within the said Parii Township or Place, shall be liable to any such forfeiture; but th every such Substitute, so appearing and To being inrolled, shall subject to the same Duties and Authorities, and also to the same Penalties for neglecting or refusing to execute the same, or obey fin Authorities, as if he had been personally subject to keep Watch ai Ward; unless he shall give Notice in Writing of his Intention withdraw his Service as a Substitute, both to the said Constable at his said Employer, at least Two Days before the time when the S< vicefc of the said Substitute should become neceflarV, according to t Rotation or Succession established within the said Parish, Townfh or Place.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Constables of Parifl* Townships or Places, shall, at the Expence of the same, provH Rattles, Staves, Lanthorns, and such Weapons, Arms, and AcCoutt ments, as the said Justices shall at their said Special or Petty Seffiot direct, for the Use of every Person so keeping Watch or Wan1 such Arms Snd Articles to be delivered to every Person who (hi undertake the said Duty of watching and warding, and tb be r turned by every such Person to the Special or other Constable of tl Watch, as soon as any such Person shall cease to be engaged or a ployed in the said Duties of watching or warding; and shall all provide, 'at the like Expence of the said Parishes, Townships < Places, such Watch House or Watch Houses, or other Accoana dations and Conveniences as the said Justices shall in like mannerjudge necessary or expedient; and all such Expencfes shall be paid o\ of the Poor Rates of each Parish or Township, or if more rarilb or Townships than One, out of the Poor Rates of the several Parish or Townships, and shall be raised and contributed in such Proposition as shall be settled by the Justices at Special or Petty Sessions $ subje neverthelefa to Revision, and any such Alteration as may appear t be proper by the Justices assembled at the next or any fublequei Special General Sessions, in case any Yarish shall think the Pnoportka are not properly regulated by the Justices at such Special or Pett Sessions*

iJ), ilnu

5* GEO. III.

c. 17.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person so appointed to witch or to ward, shall, during his respective time of watching or qanii&g, to the utmost of his Power, endeavour to prevent all Mur-dm, Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, and all Felonies, Outrages, and piforden; and for that End, each and every of them is hereby authorised and empowered to arrest and apprehend all Night walkers, Makfe&ots, Rogues, Vagabonds, and other loose, idle, disorderly Mpcbus Persons, who shall be found within the Precincts or Impart of his said Parish, Township or Place, and to deliver the ftrion or Persons so apprehended, as soon as conveniently may be, to the Constable, or to some Ope of the Special Constables for the said Parish, Township or Place, at the Watch House, or if there be no Watch Honk, at such other House or Place of Security as may be qppomted for the Reception and Detention of such suspicious Persons irOfieodm by the Constable of the said Parish, Township or Place, aril he, she or they can be conveniently carried before some or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County in which frch Parish, Township or Place is situated.

XDI. And be it further enacted, That in case any One or more gfthe Persons keeping Watch or Ward within any Parish, Township m Place, shall want any Assistance to enable him or them to perform any Part of the Duty hereby required to be done by him or them, then and in every such case any other of the Persons keeping Watch tr Ward in the same or any adjoining Parish, Township or Place, Knowledge or Notice thereof by the Rattle, or by other lyql, Outery, or otherwise, shall and may, and is hereby required jepciately to repair to and aflifl, by the belt ways and means in his m their Power, and as the case may require; but that no Person, Inriow the time of keeping Watch or Ward as aforesaid, shall absent hiafcfr from his particular Stand or Walk, without the Consent and DM&m either of the Const#ble or the Special Constable of the Night, mkfs on fane such Occasion or Occasions as is or are above mpidU, or for the Suppression of some Disorder of which he shall he an Eye or Ear Witness pa fprae adjoining Stand or Walk, in the Ahfrfce of the Persons keeping Watch or Ward on the said adjoin-frg Walk or Stand, nor longer on any of the said Occasions than the Hccefey of the case may require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Constable or Special Cmiabk so iatnjffced as aforesaid with the Direction, Regulation ld Management of such Persons as may be required to perforin the I>Btics of watching or warding shall respectively on every Night of Ui witching, and 00 every Day of such warding, diligently observe mimamiaetbe Behaviour and Coudu& of every Person so engaged employed onder him in watching or warding; and shall enter in a Bask to be kept for this Purpose the Name of every such Person, with the Hours of his Attendance, and with Remarks upon his Con-dnft, Specifying whether he has been attentive and diligent, or disobedient and moils is the Duty of watching or warding; and such Cmftabk or Special Constable shall, once in every Week, or oftener if nqoirtd, deliver such Book, containing such Report, and such other Observations as may arise in the Discoarge of his Duty, to the Oof Constable of the Hundred or Division in which such Parish, Tcwdhip or Place is situated, or to such Person as the said Justices s such Special or Petty Sessions shall appoint to receive the same.

Duties of Per- Tons engaged 10 watch and ward.

Watchmen to assist those in neighbouring Distri&a.

Constablei to report the Con-dud of Persons watching or warding.

Magistrates in Cities, & c. bavin* exclusive Jurisdiction to execute Act within their respective Juiif* distioos.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrates of any Citj Borough, Town or Place, having exclusive Jurisdiction as Justices d

the Peace for the Preservation thereof within their respective Citief Boroughs, Town and Place, shall have full Power and Authority t carry this Act into Execution within the Limits of their respectri Jurisdictions; and it shall be lawful for any Two Magistrates tomak any Adjudication or Order, or do any Ad, Matter or Thing fd which any greater Number of Justices is required by the Provisio* of this Act, as to any County$ and it shall be lawful for the To* Clerk of any such City, Borough, Town or Place, if there shall U any such Officer therein, or if there shall be no such Officer, for an Person appointed by the Magistrates in that Behalf, to give an Notice required to be given by the Clerk of the Peace, for assemblin any Special General Sessions; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Power Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained and el acted as to any Counties, and Justices acting in any Counties, and i to carrying this Act into Execution within any County, shall exten and be construed to extend to all Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Place the Magistrates whereof have exclusive Jurisdiction as Justices of th Peace, as fully and effectually as if all such Clauses, Provisions, Power Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures were several lv and separatd re-enacted as to such Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Places.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ever case in which the Expences attending the Police or Preservation the Peace in any City, Borough, Town or Place within any Count] shall have been paid out of any Rate or Assessment made in such Cit] Borough, Town or Place, distinct from any Rate levied on th County, although the Magistrates in such City, Borough, Town c Place, shall not have any exclusive Jurisdiction as Justices of th Peace, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Justices of the Peac within such City, Borough, Town or Place, to carry this Act int Execution within such City, Borough, Town or Place, and to regn late the Payment of all Expences arising therefrom, separate and distinct from the County within which such City, Borough, Town or PJac shall be situate; and no City, Borough, Town or Place, or Pariil therein, in which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been raise Or levied for the carrying this Act into Execution, or in which thi Expence of carrying this Act into Execution shall have been paid on of the Poor or other Rates raised in the Pariftics of such City, Borough Town or Place, shall be liable to contribute to the raising of any Rati for the County at large, for the carrying this Act into Execution nor shall any such Rates be levied in any Parish or Part of any fuel City, Borough, Town or Place, beyond the local Limits wherein tbi Duties of Watch and Ward shall be performed under the Provision of this Act; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Adsol Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authoritiei and Duties, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penal

liable*, extended ties in this Act contained, in relation to Constables, shall extend anc to HeadKi>- construed to extend to every Headborough, Borsholder, Tything*

men Lythn8' man Qr'l^er Officer performing the Duty of Constable, by whatevei*Name such Officer may be calied, as fully as if every such Officei

was repeated in the several Clauses relating to Constables in this Act

X^IV. Ani

Cities, &c. hiving separate Rates for Police may continue to execute the Act 4>n those Rates, and shall not be liable to a County Rate.

Power*, fee. given to Con-

5.7,

A.D. 1812.

S*o GEO. III. C. 17.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions in this \ eeotaioed, in relation to any County, shall extend to any Riding I Dmfioa within or for which separate General or Quarter Sessions; bdd, and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace in any, City, Borough, Town or Place, to add any Extra-parochial 1 to any Parish for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Promt this Act contained in relation to Parishes shall extend to all rowifiupt or other Divisions of Parishes, and to all Extra parochial Then added to any Parishes for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and d&tuQy as if all the Provisions, Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Kegnlaaoas, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained had been federally and separately enacted, as to such Townships, Division of Parishes, or Extra-parochial Places; and all Con (tables and Special Constables, and other Officers performing the Duties and having the Authority of Constables, shall have full Power and Authority in any loch Extra-parochial Place; and where there shall be no Rates levied io asy such Extra-parochial Places, either for the Payment of any Exptnees of Police, or Preservation of the Peace, or for the Relief of the Pdor, out oi which any of the Expences of putting this Act into Execution can be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to caafe Rates to be made and levied in such Extra-parochial Places for the Payment of such Expences, so that such Extra-parochial Places shall bear their isur Proposition of Expence with the Parish or Pantos to which they shall be added.; and all Constables and others required to make and colied such Rates shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for the assessing, rating, levying and coiled-isg the lame as any Overseers of the Poor nave by Law for the making and levying any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, as if all such Powers and Authorities, and Penalties and Forfeitures for any Reelect, were specially enacted in this Act as to such Rate's.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable or Special Constable, m any case in which any Person ofading against this Act shall upon Pursuit escape out of the Jurisdictioa of loch Constable upon such Pursuit to apprehend such Offender at auy Place, although out of his Jurisdiction, and do all Acts, Matters and Things, and exercise all such Authorities, and enjoy all such Privileges in relation to the Apprehension and Arrest orany such Offender, as if he had been taken and apprehended within the Jurisdiction of such Constable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person watching or warding in the Capacity of such Special Constable, shall, for every Right and for every Day during which he shall be so engaged, be tntitkd to receive Inch Comuenfations or Allowances as the Justices of the Peace, at any Special General Sessions so held as before mentored, shall direct, for every Night and for every Day; and every other Person engaged in so watching or warding, shall (if his Behaviour shall have been satisfactory to the Constable or Special Constable of the Watch of that Parish in which he resides) be entitled to recave such Sum as the Justices at the said Special General Sessions fall direct, for dvery Night and for every Day which he shall be so employed; to be paid forthwith by the Constable of the Lid Parish, sad repaid to the said. Constable by the Overseer of the Poor of the kid Parish, 00 being entered in a Book by such Constable, and de-hoedto such Overseer of the Poor, after having been verified upon.

Oath

Provisions of Ad to extend to Divisions of Pisces.

Rates may he levied in Extra-parochial Places.

Constables to apprehend Offenders, out of Jurisdiction.

Compensation out of the Pdor Rates to Special Conib Mes and other Persons watching and warding.

A.D. xSi

*8

C. 17.

52 GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

Magistrates in Towns may allow Compensation out of Police or Poor Rates to Persons voluntarily aflo-dating to watch aid ward.

Assaulting Persona watching.

[Penalty.]

Victuallers

harbouring

Watchmen.

[Penalty.]

Oath before any One Justice of the Peace for the said respeAi Counties, and certified in Writing by such Justice, as having been verified upon Oath, and as having been examined and allowed by tJ said Justice: Provided always, that auy Person from whom any fu< Compensation for watching or warding shall have been 0 witbhe by any Constable, may appeal to any* Justice of the Peace for tl County in which such Complaint arose, whole Decision coneernit the same shall be conclusive on all Parties.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fha be lawful for the Magistrates or Ju ftices of the Peace in any County City, Borough, Town or Place, in which any Disturbances again! the Peace shall prevail or be apprehended, and in which any Mum be of Persons shall, with the Approbation of the Majority of such Ma gift rates assembled at any Special General Session of the Peace wit hi 1 such County, City, Borough, Town or Place, have voluntarily affjeah bled for the Purpose of watching and warding, and shall watch and ward under such Regulations as shall be approved of by such Magistrates as aforesaid, to allow to the Persons so watching and warding, (although such Watch and Ward shall not be carried on under the Provisions of this Act) such Compensation for their Time as shall appear to such Magistrates to be reasonable and proper, out of any Rate or Assessment levied on such County, City, Borough, Town or Place, for the Police thereof, or out of the Poor or other Rates of the several or any of the Parishes thereof, in such Propositions as shall appear to them under all the Circumstances to be proper $ and in any such case it shall be lawful for the Persons authorised to afiefs and levy such Rates, to raise any Sum or Sums of Money necessary for paying such Compensation as aforesaid, by all such Powers, Authorities and Provisions, and under such Forfeitures and Penalties for Neglect or Refusal to pay any such additional Rate or AfieiTmeot, as they are by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws authorised to use, exercise and put in force for raising the Rates out of which such Compensations are by this Act made payable; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ferfoo or Persons shall assault or refill any Person watching or warding, whilR in the Execution of his Office, or shall promote or encourage the same, every such Person for every such Offence shall, upon Conviction before a Magistrate, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and shall be also liable to such other Punishment upon Conviction, on any Indictment or Information, for such Offence, as any Persons are liable to for assaulting any Constable in the Execution of the Duties of his Office.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if aay Victualler or Keeper of any Public House shall knowingly harbour or entertain or permit any Person so engaged in watching or warding, to abide or remain in his House drinking or tippling during the Hours and Times directed for watching or warding, every such Victualler or Keeper of a Public House (half for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and for the Second Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and for the Third and every subsequent Offence the Sm of Tea Pounds.

XXX. An*

jtD.iSn.

ST* GEO. III.

G17.

59

XXX. And whereas driers ill disposed and suspected Persons resort to Towns and Villages, and frequent Places in which they

bare no fixed or permanent Residence, with Intention to deduce

others to join in Disturbances against the Peace, or to aid and abet 1 Inch Disturbances in other Counties and Places; and although

their evil Purposes are fuffidently manifested, Justices of the Peace

have no effectual meant of removing the m Be it therefore enacted, TW it fall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon Information upon Oath by any Constable, or other credible Witness that any Person not being ah Householder in the Place, and not being legally faded therein, or a Native thereof, is, in the Belief of fuen Conibble, or other credible Witness, upon his Oath, dangerous to the Peace of the Place where he is resorting, or that he is endeavour-bg to fedoce others to aid and abet Disturbances therein, or in other Paces, to issue a Warrant to apprehend such Person, and to cause such Person to come before them, and to examine such Person upon Oath as to the Parish or Place where he was last legally settled, and the Place or Places where he has resided for some time past, and as to his means of Livelihood, and his Occupation and Employment, and Mode of living, and Reason for resorting to the Place where he is so found; and the Substance of such Examination shall be reduced to Writing, and signed by such Justices, and by the Person so examined, and shall be transmitted to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, there to be filed and kept of Record; and if such Person shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself, and of his Way of living, and of his Reasons for resorting to the Place where he shall have been at the Time of such information of such Constable or other credible Witness as aforesaid, and it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, upon any such Examination, or upon the Examination upon Oath of the Coolable or other credible Witness f which Oaths the said Justices are hereby authorised to administer), that there is just Ground to believe that the Person so apprehended is engaged in Practices dangerous to the public Peace, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order such Person forthwith to return, or if he shall rrfufe to obey such Order, to remove such Person to the Place of his legal Settlement, if the same can be ascertained, or if not, to the Place where he shall have last resided, in like manner as any Vagrants may now by Law be removed 5 and if such Person shall, after any such Order to return to his Place of Settlement or Residence, or Removal to such Place as a fore said, return to the Place from which he fall have been so sent or removed as aforesaid, without fttewing fafiaeut Caofe, to be approved of by the said Justices; or if fuen Person fall upon his Examination refuse to answer; or if the Account which he has given of himself shall prove to be false, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made a the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and make more ejfcUual the Lams relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other ill dtfpojed and dis orderly Persons, and the Houset of Correction.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, to require the Constables in any Parish or fke to make out and deliver to them, within such time as shall

Justices may remove Perftm* suspected to be dangerous,

17G4.

Constables to make out Lifts of Persons

6o

A.E>. 181:

above the Age ct' 14.

[Penalty.]

Appeal.

Recognisances.

Offenders convicted before One or more Justices. Forfeitures levied by Distrest.

Imprisonment.

Form of Con-vidioo.

C.I7.

52 GEO. III.

be required by such Justices, and as often as the said Justices (ha deem the same to be necessary, just and true Lifts of all Persons usual residing or then being within the Parish in which the Lift shall I required, above the Age of Fourteen; and for the Purpose of makin such Lifts, it shall be lawful for any such Constable to demand froi each Householder within the Parish a true Lift or Account of th Christian and Surname of every Person then in the House of fuc Householder above the Age of Fourteen Years; and every Perfo who shall neglect or refuse, on the same being demanded, to give fuc Lift or Account to the Constable* or who shall knowingly give an false Account, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every Constable who shall neglect or re fuse to make out and deliver such Lift to the Justices who shall demand the same, shall forfeit for any such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if an] Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justicei as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Person, at the time of such Judgment entering into a Recognizance personally to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled: Provided always, that such Appeal shall not have the Effect of preventing in the mean time the Execution of the judgment of the said Justices, unless the Party appealing shall produce Two sufficient Sureties, being Householders of the Parish in which he was apprehended, who shall enter into a Recognizance in such Amount as the said Magistrates shall approve to prosecute such Appeal, and for the good Behaviour of such Person until the lime of hearing the said Appeal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons guilty of any Offence for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall or may be incurred by this Act, shall and may be convicted thereof by Information upon the Oath of any One credible Witness, by any One or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County wherein such Offence shall be committed; and that all and every the pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred or become payable for any Offence or Offences against this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which any such Offence or Offences was or were committed, or where the Forfeiture or Forfeitures was or were incurred; and shall, when levied, be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence was committed; and in case of no sufficient Distress whereby to levy the Penalties, or any or either of them, imposed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice or Justices respectively, before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, Jo commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, to hard Labour, for such time not exceeding Three Months, as the said Justice or Justices in his or their Discretion shall think fit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted in manner pre-3 fenbed

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

6t

icribed by this Act, shall cause every such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effed specified in the Schedule to this Act, and marked (B); and the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had or made, shall cause the same so drawn up in Form aforesaid, to be fairly written on Parchment, and tnnfimtted to the next General Quarter Sessions, to be kept among the Records of the Odd Court: And in case any Person or Persons Appeal after who shall hereafter be convicted of any of the Offences punishable Conviction to by this Act, shall conceive him, her or themselves to be aggrieved Qliartet

by such Conviction, then and in every such case, it shall and may be ou* lawful for such Person or Persons respectively, and he, she or they shall or may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next bolden after such Conviction in and for the said respective Counties, giving unto the Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction (aB be made. Notice in Writing, within Eight Days after any such Convidioa of his, her or their Intention to prefer such Appeal; and the lad Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to proceed to the Hearing and final Determination of the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, to be paid by and to either Party, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as they in their Discretion shall think fit; which laid Order shall be binding and con-ckfive on all Parties; and such Appeal, or the Subject Matter thereof, or any Order therein, shall not be removed by Writ or Writs of CVr- Certi*r*ri, Utrari or otherwise.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the General Special Peace, at any Adjournment of their said Special General Sessions or Scon* fuf- at any future General Special Sessions convened or assembled in like Execution manner as is hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may, according to their of Act Discretion, suspend or discontinue the Powers and Provisions of this Act, in any or every of the Parishes, Townships or Places, within their respective Jurisdictions; whenever it shall appear to them, upon fuftcient Evidence, that the Disturbance of the Peace within any or every of the said Parishes, Townships or Places, shall have effectually subsided or been suppressed, and that the Officers ordinarily appointed for the Preservation of the Peace are sufficient for that Purpose, as well as for the Protection of the Inhabitants therein, and the Security of the Property lying or being in any or every of the said Parishes,

Townships or Places; and shall thereupon give Notice thereof to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be Special Confta-engaged or employed as a Special Constable or Watchman, for the bles or W-itch-Purpose t of this Act, shall thereby gain or acquire a legal Settlement en n<* to gamany Parish, Township or Place; any Law to the contrary notwith- Sett ement'

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Rights of socking in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend Qxfordand to prejudice or in any manner to affect any Jurisdiction, Right or Pri- Cambridge not filegr, Claim or Custom, of either of the Two Universities of Oxford aflfe&ed. or Cambridge % but that the several Jurisdictions, Rights, Privileges,

Claims and Customs respectively, shall remain in full Force and Efied; lay thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit Mmitition of 141* brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any A^10111,

62 C. 17. 52 GEO. III. A-I>. idi:

thing done in pursuance of this Act, that every such Action or StI shall be commenced within Three Months next after the Fak con mitted, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the Counl wherein the Cause or alledged Cause of Action shall have accrued, a* not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action

Central IfTut. Sait may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Spec is Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and chat th same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; ao if it shall appear to to be done* or if any such Action or Suit fha be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, or fha| be brought in any other County, City or Place, that then and i such cale the Jury shall find for such Defendant or Defendants and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall becomi nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Action % 9 or i a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upoc Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have and may recover Treble Costs and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

AGl shotid, to

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered,

amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Continuant* of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Watching and Warding.

TAKE Notice, That your Name is inserted in the Lift; and Appeals will be heard on the Dayr of

at

A.B.

Constable.

SCHEDULE (B.)

JJE it remembered. That on this Day of

in the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, A B. of is duly convicted

before me [or, us] One of the Justices [or, Two of the Justices] of the Peace for the under an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert ithe Title of this A Sior that the said A.B.on at

did contrary to the said Act: Wherefore, I or, we]

the said do adjudge that

Civcn under

A.D. 1812.

* oeo. m.

C. i8f 1^1

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of iiich Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

[aoth March 181 a.]

WHEREAS an Act wag made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for m- nO.j. c. 50. 4 comragxMj tie Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, <1then the Price of such Bark shall emceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time; which was to continue in force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the thea next Session of Parliament; and which Act has been by federal Acts, passed in the Twenty fourth, Thirtieth, Thirty sixth md Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, been continued oatH the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act is near expiring; and it is expedient that the fane should be made perpetual, as amended by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty 5*Be it therefore enacted bytbe King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

That the said Act, so continued and amended by the said Act hp

Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, lhafl be and the Jmiw

of the!

same is hereby made perpetual.

Sec made perpetuaL

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for jrG.j.r.iv. granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Mtarifea* [20th March 18 ia,]

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and to permitting Goods and Commodities to be spotted into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Bruns-tetri ih -any Ship or Vessel, until the Twenty fifth Day of Aforci One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to the intending an Act for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West AAsr, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand hundred and fourteen.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by xW ptrienoe been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient (that the same should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Osofcst bf me Leeds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pefcft Pwhamm sfasMcd, and by the Authority of the same, That

C. 20, 21.

A.D. 1l

49 0.3. c. 25. continued till March 2J, 1815.

49 g-3- c 49-continued till March 25, 1815.

50 O.3. C. 2I. continued till March 25, 1814.

5 Eli*, c. 1. $ 16.

7 Jac.i. c. 6. 18.

I W. fc M.

stir.x. 6.8.

52 GEO. III.

That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reifirn of present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit, until the T<u>enty^Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the fmporta of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and w! was further continued by an Act of the last Session of Parlian until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hund and twelve, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of Aha One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be, and the same in hen further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thous; eight huadred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the F01 ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to author His Majesty to permit, until the Twentj fifth Day of March C thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brtfnswick any Ship or Vessel whatsoever) shall, from and after the said Twen fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, b and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Da of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fiftlet Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and cor, tinuing so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousan eight hundred and twelve, cm AS of the Forty fifth Year of Mis present Majesty for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force foi allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Mer chandisu into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be, and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to render valid and effectual certain Oaths administered to and taken by certain Members of the House of Commons before Deputies of the late Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, during the Vacancy of the said Office.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Assurance of the Queen9/ Royal Power over all Estates and Subjects within her Dominions; and by another Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act for admintfUring the Oath of Allegiance and Reformation of married Women Recusants; and by another Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intittded An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appwUinr other Oaths; it is provided and enacted, that every Person which should thereafter be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen or Burgess, or Baron for any of the Five Ports, for any Parliament thereafter to be holden, before he shall enter the Parliament House or have any Voice there, openly receive and pronounce the Oaths required by the said recited Acts to be taken before the Lord

A.D. 1812.

S2' GEO. III. C. 2I

*5

Steward for the time being or his Deputy or Deputies: And whereas lenry Frederick Combton Oxvrndtjh Esquire, who was on the Eighth ij of February lall returned to serve in this present Parliament the Borough of Derby, did on the Twenty seventh Day of % Aruary take the Oaths required by the said Statutes before Sir lex Graham Baronet, who had been by Commission bearing Date Twenty second Day of June in the Forty seventh Year of the of His present Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, under the Se; il of Heneage Earl

r fof AyJesfordi then Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, confuted, named and appointed One of the Deputies of the said ILord Steward, to administer and receive the Oaths required by - r to he taken before the said Lord Steward or his Deputy or mties or any One of them: And whereas the Honourable itrence Dundas Doflor of Civil Law, who was elected on the fourteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven jg serve in this present Parliament for the City of York, did on the [\Third Day of March lad take the said Oaths before Peter Moore rfivaire, who was also by the said hereinbefore mentioned Com-[ IMftoa appointed One of the Deputies of the said Lord Steward

And whereas the said Heneage Earl of Aylexford did on the Nineteenth Day of February last, and before the said Days respectively which the said Oaths were administered to the said Henry Fre- tk Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundax as aforesaid, resign Office of Lord Steward, and by reason whereof the said Sir Graham and Peter Moore had no Power or Authority to ad-ifter or receive the said Oaths: And whereas the said Oaths administered to the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish Lawrence Dundax, and received by the said Sir James Graham Peter Moore without the Knowledge of the Resignation of the k said Lord Steward, and that the Powers and Authorities given by; the said Commission had ceased and determined: And whereas the

laid Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundax did thereafter enter iuto and fit and vote in the House of Commons; r and it is expedient that the Oaths so as aforesaid administered ! to and taken by the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundas be rendered as valid and effectual as if the said

Commission had been then in full force and effect; and that the said Henry Frederick Compton CavenJJh and Lawrence Dundax should I fevrrally and respectively be indemnified against any Penalties, j Forfeitures, or Disabil ties by Law impoLd relative to any such; Acts, Matters and Things, as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted jjr the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Qwfeat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tliip jptfcst Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That The Oaths adit* U Oaths so administered to and taken by the said Henry Frc- minstered to the Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundax shall be, and the same Be hereby rendered as valid and effectual to all Intents and rurposes j

if the Grid Commission had been in full force and effect at the times If taking the said Oaths by them respectively $ and the said Henry jTrederifk Compton Cavendish ard Lawrence Dundas shall be, and they ire hereby indemnified and saved barmless, and discharged from all xckalues, Forfeitures or Disabilities, for and in respect of all or any M Acts Matters or Things, by them done as aforesaid.

jaGfco IIL F CAP.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

66

C. 22.

Number of Forces 24599*

Officer or Private Man mutinying or deserting, See.

CAP. XXII.

found sleeping upon or defen* ing his Pod, See,

or striking or disobeying hia superior Officer.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for thebeti Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th March 181:

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing Army wit

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in ti of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is aga

Law: And whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and 1

present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessi of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole Number of such Fot should consist of Two hundred and forty five thousand nine hund and ninety six eflective Officers and Men including His Majest Forces serving in the East Indies: And whereas no Man cai forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in

other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet neverthelef! 4 being requisite for the retaining of all the before mentioned Foi in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that J 4 diers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and spe Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow 5* Be it tfo fore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and n the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned 0 Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non C missioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any time during the Continu; of this Act, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Seditio His Majesty's Land or Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmoll deavours to suppress the same, or, coming to the Knowledge of Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, -give lufc ation thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave bin before the Enemy; or shall ffiamefully abandon or deliver up Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to his Charge which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the* 1 veruor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress or P to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the same; or shall ff Words, or use any other means to induce such Governor or C standing Officer, or others, to miffiehave before the Enemy; ffiamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Pul Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or 1 shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relie* or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspond* with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Majesty, either by Letters, Mestages, Signs or Tokens, in any mai or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with  Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of General or Chief Commander; or shall ilrike or use any Viole against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Officej shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; or i

de

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

C 22.

*7

iefert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person or Persons so

iffending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether such

Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of

His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land, or upon

the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Punishment.

Martial shall be awarded.

UL Prodded always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That S rfJwr. minted aoNon Commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall desert His Majesty's '* a?y otller Service, (tall be exempt from the Pains and Penalties imposed by this Act for such Offence by again infilling into His Majesty's Service 5 lenen# hut any such Soldier shall not with (landing such subsequent Inlill-ment, be deemed to have deserted His Majesty's Service, and shall is like manner suffer Death, or such other runiffiment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

ILL. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Soldiers, who of Deserters inlist- Right belong to Corps from which they have deserted, may be pro- ing in another cteded against and tried for deferring any other Corps in which they may afterwards have infilied, or from His Majesty's Service, if Colrtmartial in they shall not after such subsequent inlisting have been placed in any i*uch Regiment, Corps, or for any Crime committed by them whilst serving &c. therein Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every isch Soldier shall be liable to be tried by a Court Martial, and punish-fed in like manner as if he had originally infilled in, and of Right belonged to the Regiment, Corps, Troop, Company, Detachment or arty in which he shall be at the time of any subsequent Desertion, or ^Committing any Offence, notwithstandingit shall have been discovered mot known that he bad previously belonged to same other Regiment,

[Proviso.]

ICorps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and had not been rdi(charged therefrom: Provided always, that if such Person shall be icbimed by such other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, De*-; tachment or Party, and be proceeded against as a Deserter therefrom, hb lobtquent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may fare unwarrantably inlisted, may (unless be shall already have been tried for the same) be given in Evidence <is an Aggravation x -

of his Crime; previous Notice being always given to such Deserter 1 of the Fad or Fads intended to be produced in Evidence upon I his Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the case of Deserter'any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier tried and convicted of De- transported; fcrtioa, whensoever the Court Martial, which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial, shall not think the Offence deserving of capital PuoHhmeitt, such Court Martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Pundrnent, adjudge the Offender, according to the Nature of the Offeuct, itthey shall think fit, to be trailsported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years; and also, if such Court shall think fit, lobe at the Expiration of such Term of Years at the Dispoful of His toft for Service as a Soldier in any of His Majesty's Forces at Home or Abroad for Life, or otherwise, as His Majesty shall think fit; asd every such Soldier shall be subject to any Law or Articles of War, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and if such Non retumrng beforv Commissioned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be trans- E*pr*tion of ported as a Felon, shall afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, Term or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which be shall have been transported) return into or be found at large with-

F 2 out

Death.

His Majesty, where Courts Martial award a Capital Puniffi-rnent, may order Offenders to be transported.

Sentence of Transyortirion in India, &c. notified by Officer commanding in Chief to Judge of Supreme Couits.

Order for Transportation as by 39 & 40 G. 3. c- 79* x3-

The King may grant Coram ission for holding Courts Martial, Jcc.

C. 22. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 181

out Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Possessions abroad other than the Place to which he (haj have been transported before the Expiration of the Term limited b1 such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinary Courl of Law, every such Person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty d Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clerg}

V. Provided, and be it enacted, That in all cases wherein a Capita Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court Martial, it shall t lawful for His Majesty, in (lead of causing fetch Sentence to be carrw into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Fekj for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majesty (ha seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in pursuance of fuc Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards (without Leave from Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Pty to which he shall have been transported,) return into or be found J large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, withinn Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Possessioi abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have been transportei before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and (hs be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon withoi Benefit of Clergy.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, whence any Sentence of Transportation passed by any Court Martial hold* in the East Indies or in His Majesty's Settlements of the Cape Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlement occupied by -His Majesty Forces beyond the Case of Good Hope, is to be carried into Executio or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Puniftiroel of Death by the Sentence of any such Court Martial, upon Conditk of Transportation, the same shall be notified in Writing by the Oflb commanding in Chief His Majesty* Forces in India, or in the A| fence of the Officer commanding in Chief, then by the Adjud General for the time being, to some Judge of One of the Suprefj Courts of Judicature of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Sal George or Bombay, or the Chief Justice or other Judge at the Ida) of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any such other Settlement aforesaid, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for t| Transportation of fuen Offender, upon the Terms and for the Tin which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make fui other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent up4 the same, as any such Judge is authorised to make or do, under] Act passed in a Parliament holden in the Thirty ninth and Fortiel Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for establishing furth Regulations for tie Government of the British Territories in India, in the better Administration of Justice within the same, with respect I Offenders ordered to he transported by Sentence of the Crimin Courts in India, and the Governor and Council of such Presidenc respectively shall, and they are hereby required to take Order for tl Transportation of all such Offenders accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thi His Majesty may, from time to time, grant a Commission, under tl Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts Martial withi the United Kingdom of Great Britain a fid Ireland, in like manners has been heretofore used; and that His Majesty may likewise, from

C. 21.

69

52 GEO. III.

time to time, by His Royal Commission, empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain rad Inland, called Ireland, the Governor of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, or the Person or Persons there commanding in Chief His Majety's Forces for the time being, and may also from time to time tsteod His Royal Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, and to any General or other Officer having the Command of a Body of His Majesty's Forces within the United Kingdo/n of Great Britain and Ireland, or is any of His Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer commanding such Body of Forces for the time being, empowering them respectively to appoint General Courts Martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts Martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of OSeoces committed by any of their Forces under their several Cosaaod, whether the same shall have been so committed before or after such General Officer shall have taken upon himself such Com-jnasd; all which Courts Martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their Proceedings according to the several Provisions herein after specified.

XV. Provided also, That if any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, r Soldier, shall beaccufedof any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their uttnofl Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers % of Jdbce in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wOfblly oegled or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Porpose, 10 deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magi-hnte, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof consided, upon any Information or Indictment in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, mall be deemed and taken to be iffo fa8o ofhiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, i tab Conviction shall be in Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in Dubba, if such Conviction shall be in Ireland.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all General Courts Martial held under the Authority of this Act, shall coofift of Thirteen or Nine Commissioned Officers, as the Case may mpire; except the same shall be holden upon any Officer, Non Com-aafiooed Officer, or Private Soldier of His Majesty's Forces, which shall be serving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in ibich Cases any General Court Martial may consist of any Number

Persons accused of Capital Crimes, Sec. delivered over te Civil Magis. trace, &c.

General Court Martial to coo lift of 13 or9 Commissioned Officers. Exception.

A.D. 181:

1

'l

7

General Court Martial in sentencing Soldier to Lola of Life, c.

Inflicting corporal Punishment, &c. for Immoral.ties, &c.

Sentencing Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers to House of Correction,

Gaolers refusing to receive them. Penalty.

Such Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers to forfeit Pay. Allowance to Gaolers, |cc.

C. 2Z. 52 GEO. III.

not less than Seven; and except the dame shall be holden in jifrica c in New South Wales, in which Places such General Courts Marti may confilt of any Number not less than Five; of whom none (ha be under the Degree of a Commission Officer; nor shall the Presider of any General Court Martial be the Officer commanding in Chief, c Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nc under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Offici cannot be had j nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of Captain.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Gener Court Martial, confiding of any less Number than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, unless holden in any Place beyond the Seas out < His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belongin to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to th East Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales as aforesaid, shall fci tence any Non Commissiotied Officer or Soldier to Loss of Life c Limb, or Transportation.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (ha be lawful for any such General Courts Martial, by their Sentence c Judgment, to infli& Imprisonment or Corporal Punishment, not es tending to Life or Limb, as such Court shall think fit, on an Soldier for Immoralities, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (ha be lawful for any General or other Court Martial to fen tence an Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to Imprisonment in any House of Correction, Common Gaol or Public Prison; and all Gaolers am Keepers of such Houses of Correction or Prisons shall receive int their Cudody, and keep in Confinement for such time as they ihallb respectively required so to do, any Non Commissioned Officer or Sol dier who may have been sentenced to Imprisonment by any Genera or other Court Martial, and shall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, according to the Sentence of such Court during the Period of his Imprisonment upon receiving an Order in Writing from the Commanding Officer o the District within which such General Court Martial shall have beei held, or from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Corps t< which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier so tried by any Regimental Court Martial as aforesaid shall belong; and every Gaoler anc Keeper of a House of Correction or Prison. who shall refuse lo receive and to confine any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier in man ner as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Informatioi for the Use of His Majesty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to be imprisoned as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the time of fuel Imprisonment; and also, that during the Continuance of any fuel Imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or House oi Correction shall receive the Sum of Nine Pence per Diem out of the Subsistence of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier during the time that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall continue in Custody, which said Sum the Secretary at War is hereby authorised and required to cause to be paid to the said Gaoler or Keeper aforesaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing signed by any

C. 22.

71

S2 GEO. III.

Justice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, tfoo or House of Correction shall be locally situate, together with Jopy of the Order under which the said Non Commissioned Officer Soldier was confined: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for t Secretary at War for the time being, if he should think fit, to der the Issue and Payment of the Surplus of such Pay or any Portion ereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non OBumffioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of le Period of his Imprisonment.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all rials by General Courts Martial, to be held by virtue of this Act, try Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had ereupoo, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, fore the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authored to administer the same); that is to say,

yOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you God.'

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour on* Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said Articles, or Act of Parliament) according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like cases: And I further swear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some Person duly authorised by him; neither will I, upon any Account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evi. deuce thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, or a Court Mar-trd, in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.*

\nd so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorised ad required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person offi-iatieg as such, an Oath in the following Words

I A.B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any A time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death shall be given agaitift any Offender in such Case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers pre-fan shall concur therein (except such General Court Martial shall beholden many Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa or in New South Wales* as aforesaid); and in all cases where a Court Martial shall coufift of more Officers than Thirteen, and also m any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of aoy of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa* and in iVVw South Wales as aforesaid, when the same shall consist of a lesser

F

Number

Provifa

Officers sworn.

Oaths by Members of General Court Martial.

Judge Advocate

sworn.

The Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, &c.

72

Hours of Trial

C. 22.

A.E>. x 8

Witnesses attending Courts Martial privileged from Arrest

Witnesses not

attending,

attached.

Offenders beyond Sea, &c. tried here, &c.

Person* offering to be falsely in uttered.

Punishment. Horses falsely muttered.

Penalty. How levied.

52 GEO. III.

Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Con rence of Two Thirds at the lead of the Officers present; and no ] ceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Exam] Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge.vocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall during their necei Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from same, be privileged from Arrest in like manner as Witnesses atteiu any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from f Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by wb such Witness was arrested; or if the Court out of which the Writ Process issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Sessions in  i land, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the case (1 require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, Affidavit iu a summary way, that such Witness was arrested in goi to or returning from, or attending upon such Court Martial; and tl all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not atte on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Kinj Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Cow, of Law in the West Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to t said Court of King's Bench, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, Courts of Law in the West Indies, in like manner as if such Withe had neglected to attend on a Trial in any criminal Proceeding in th Court.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if ai Officer or Soldier shall, in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyoi the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offene for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virti of this Act, and shall come or be brought into this Realm, or h I Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sari or Man, or the Islands thereto hi longing, before he be tried by a Court Martial for such Offei.ce; fuc Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished for the same, as if th said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefa/c That if any Person shall be falsely mustered, or offer him ft If falsely o deceitfully to be mustered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath b Two Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commissary of th Mutters, or Muster Matters as aforesaid, made to such Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to commii such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of Ten Days: And if any Person shall wittingly or willing!) lend or fumifli any Horse to be mustered, which shall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop so mustered, the said Horse so falsely muh tered shall be forfeited to the Inforirer, if the same doth belong to the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse; or otherwise the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muller shall be made; which Twenty Pounds shall be levied by Warrant

C. 22.

73

52 GEO. III.

bdAt the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner; and in case such Offender shall so* hive sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of toe Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction; then, lad in fucti case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant onder his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Cotmsoo Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or catife such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice; and the said Forfeiture Soldiers giving shall be given or paid to such Person or Persons that shall give In- Information of fbmation thereof; and the said Informer or Informers, if b* longing to v1ufterk* the Service, shall have a Right to be discharged forthwith, if he or C they shall demand the same.

XLV. And whereas, by the Petition of Rights in the Third Year 3 Car.i.

of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the fcjourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in 4 20 Act of thr British Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth 3* Car.a. c.i.

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a 4 Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four huntired sixty two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for paying and di/banding the Foroes, it is declared and enacted, That no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Qual ty or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent;

and that it shall and may he lawful for any Subject, Sojourner or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstandme any Demand or Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this time, and during the Continuance of this Act,

there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; 9 Be it further enacted Con (tables, &e.

by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance in England to of this Act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for 9fficcrf

the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers Jnn#'

and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places houses, Icc. within England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and Persons receiving Pay in His Majesty's Army, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and

except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to

C. 22.

A.D. 1812.

but in no Distillers or Shop* keepers Houses, orjprivate Houses.

Constables, &c. quartering in private Houses, &c.

[Penalty.]

Officers quartering contrary to Act, 6cc.

[Penalty.]

Justices may order CouftaUea to give Account of Number of Soldiers quartered, &c.

52 GEO. III.

their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony < Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep Taven only, have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retai to be drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Hous< of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places for distilling- Brand and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper whose prit cipal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandises tha in Brandy and Strong Waters, (so as such Distillers and Shopkeeper do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses) and in n other, and in no private Houses whatsoever; nor shall any mur Billets at any time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers prefer to be quartered; all which Billets, when made out by such Chie Magistrates or Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of th Commanding Officers present: And if any Constable, Tithingraan or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quar ter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private House without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such case fuel Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law again f such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner 01 Occupier shall sustain thereby: And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or CumpuKion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence, (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso Jado cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War: And in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tithingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate, (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace,) has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proposition to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

LVI. And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billetting the Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their*2 respetfhe

A.D. 1812.

C22.

75

52 GEO. III.

rrfpoftire Counties, Cities or Liberties, in any Part of the United R by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand or Seal,

- or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of 5 this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, e Beadk or other Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in 1 porfuasee of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said 1 Jutke Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered or billtted by them, and also the [ Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses 5 to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Justices m*y bebsrfnl for any Justice of the Peace at the Request of any Officer extend Routes or Noa Commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring ndenhrg Quarters or Billets, in any case in which it shall appear to such Officer ^uantr* or Jafhcethat better Accommodation can be given to the Troops by extending any Route or enlarging the District, within which Quarters and Billets shall be required, to enlarge such Route, and extend such Quarters and Billets in such manner as shall be most convenient to the Troops to be quartered and billetted; any Act, Law or Custotn to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may Officers receiving hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majesty's Duties of Pay to settle excise better an fwe red, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Demsndsof That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thou- Innkeepers, had eight hundred and twelve, every Officer to whom it belongs to rtcove, or that does actually receive the Pay or Subsistence Mocejf either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall every Four Days, or before the Troops shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Persons keeping Inns, or ether Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to either of them respectively: Provided the said Demands exceed pate$ to jnn. sot, for a Commission Officer of Horse, being under the Degree of a keepers for Dieu Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, p.r Diem, Two Shillings; nor for One Commission Officer of Dragoons, being under the egree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Dumt One Shilling; nor for One Commission Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Betr, per Diem, One Shilling; nor for One Light Horsemau's Diet 2nd Small Beer, per Diem9 Seven pence; nor for One Dragoon's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence; nor for One Foot Soldier's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Five pence; nor for each Horse which shall be quartered under the Authority of this A6\ for Hay and Straw for such Horse, per Diem, Six pence: And if any Officers not Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, shall not satisfy, content and pay farisfying Aor the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two counta*

76 C. 22. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812

Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or i where such Quarters were, (which Oath the Justices of the P at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administ the Secretary at War is hereby required and authorised ( upon < tificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or CV Pcnilty. pany to pay and satisfy the said Sums, and to charge the same aga

such Officer.

Providing Car-

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefa riage* for That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for I

i.iTnria"d. Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes Accoutrements, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counti Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly t quired thereunto, by an Order from His Majesty, or the Genet of His Foroes, or the Mailer General or Lieutenant General.His Majesty's Ordnance, or other Person duly authorised in th; Behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto Oi or more of them by the Quartermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer c Non Commissioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troo or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warranf to the Constables or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding City; Liberty, Hundred and Precind, from, through, near, or t< which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Bur-Warrants to spe- then; and specifying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to cify Places to which the said Carriages shall, by virtue of such Order as aforesaid,

which Carriages reqUjre(j to travel, which shall not exceed the Day's March of a travt, c. rpr00pS> a8 prescribed in the Order produced to the Mag ill rate,

unless in case of pressing Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no case whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence: And in* case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division or Precind, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precind, for the Pur-Rates for Car- poses aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; And the aforesaid

nagei. Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same time, to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses shall travel $ and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, respec-

A.D. 1812.

C. 22.

77

52 GEO. III.

dy, or carrying not lets than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall nel; and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or ber Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen londred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding our pence, for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses, r any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, dll travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart rob Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred height, shall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile bit Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Poteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; according as the same shall it fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County r Difirid assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such Jocnty or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Jay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates; for which nspective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is krebj required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be damped) to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Cosfbble, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person fir Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furuifti such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and Furnish the same accordingly; d no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any such ffaggon. Wain, Cart or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any fuen Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in soy such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to pat any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament rdatagto Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary not with (landing: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company the Carriage was provided, shall force and cocftraiu any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, to travel beyond the D&ance specified in the Magistrate's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such si art tick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by threatening or menacing Words to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by thenselves. Servants or Soldiers, every such Officer, for every such Ofce, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of theiame County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, who is hereby authorised and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and for deducing the same out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, that in cases where the Day's March of the Troops shall

exceed

Officers forcing Waggons to travel more than Magift; ate's Warrant speci-fieij&c.

[Penalty.]

Fun her Compensation for

C. 22.

S2 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

which impressed.

[Proviso.]

Carriages, in exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation shall be made ai cases where they paid in lik.e manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall cannot ietum deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant f me a5ron- - impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Cl riages: Provided also, that every Order of the Justices assembled any General SeiBons of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be pi for the H ire of Carriages as aforesaid, in addition to the custoroa Rates of One Shilling, and Nine pence, and Six pence per Mi respectively, shall specify the Period for which the same shall be force, and which shall not in any case exceed Ten Days beyondt| General Sessions of the Peace for fuen County or District next ( suing the Date of such Order; and a Copy of every such Orth ligned by the Chairman or presiding Magistrate, and One oil Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at whl the same shall be made, shall within Three Days after the roaki thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Od shall bi* valid or effi dtual, unless a Copy thereof be so signed and trai mitted as aforesaid: Provided always, that in every case of any cteased Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Jutli of the Peace grantingor signing the Warrant shall iniert in his 01 Hand the Amount of such increased Rate for each Description Carriage, as so authorised by the Justices at Quarter Sessions as afol said, and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Non Comm fioi.ed Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, B tahment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for l Payment of such increased Rate, and no increased Rate shall be < manded but such as shall be so inserted by the Justice in the Warrai 4

LXIV. And whereas it may fometiraesbecome necessary in cal of Emergency to provide proper and speedy means for the Carria and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Accoutremen Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage of and belonging to Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also of the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and bcloc ing to such Forces: And whereas it is expedient that Provisi should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders His Majesty may in such cales think fit to issue, inpurfuar.ee of t 4 Powers by Law veiled in H im for the Advancement of the genei Good and public Welfare of the Realm; Be it therefore furtfc In cases of enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for f Emergency Juf- Majesty, by His Order, distinctly Bating that such case of Emergen tices may be ie- goth figUified by the Secretary at War, for the time being,

Warrants for any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces providing Saddle any District or Place, or to the Commissary in Chief of Stores ai Horses and l'our Provisions at Home, to authorize such General or Field Officers wheeled C, rri Commilfary in Chief as aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, red aSe ing such Order of His said Majesty, to require all Justices of t

an a 0 c e ?. peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, I berties and Precincts in England\ Wales, and Town of Berwick up Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of tl Purposes herein after mentioned; and such Justice or Justices (ha when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as la ft mention! shall be brought and shewn unto any One or more of such Justice by the Quarter Mailer, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regimen Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to be conveyed, 1

A.D. 1812.

C. 22.

79

52 GEO. III.

by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, tQ flue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constable*, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision uot only of Waggons, Wains and Carts kept by, or belonging to, any Person or redans, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges and other Vessels, used for the Carnage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure or of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate and draw the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Codbbles sufficient time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen 5 and in case such Efficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty or Precin&, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precrod, shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred or Precinct, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency 5 and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels therein mentioned, of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Wanant3 ordet and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular case, but making no Allowance for Pod Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such aid the like cases, for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges ind other Vessels. whilst employed in such Service, or returning therefrom!; for which said respective Sum and Sums so received', the said Cooitable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person or Persons paying the same; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint Inch Person or Persons having such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, according to the

Officers demanding them, to pay for Hire such Sums a* Justices shall direct.

Constable to give Receipt without Stamp, and order Horses, See. to be provided.

8o

C. 22.

A.D. 1812.

Military Officer' may convoy an lh* m Arm*, Accoutrement*, Baggage, See.

Officers forcing Hories kc- to travel Seyond Distance specified in Warrant*

[Penalty.]

Relief of Persons haltily inlisting themselves.

Such Persona not paying In-lilting and Subsistence Money within limited Time deemed inlist ed.

Justices to read over to them certain Scions of Ar-

52 GEO. III.

Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provK and fumifli the same accordingly j and it shall and may be lawful such cases, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, f the Use of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessi shall he provided in such cases, to carry and convey, and permit to I carried and conveyed, on the same respectively, not only the Anr Cloaths, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents and other Equipage such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, but also the Of cers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of ai belonging to the same; any thing herein contained to the contra thereof notwithstanding: But if any such Officer or Officers shall for and conflrain any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, travel or proceed beyond the Distance or Place to be allowed aj specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence Order of One or more other such Justice or Justices of the Peace that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such Juffic is and are hereby authorised and required to give and make at his at their reasonable discretion, every such Officer, for every such Offeoc shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof t>eing ma< upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of tl same County or Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precin6fc, wf are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, who is hereby a thorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Su of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under tl Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the fan County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or PrecinA, and for dcdui ting the same out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted an declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fai Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred an twelve, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be inlifle as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or the shall, within Four Days, but not looner than Twenty four Hour after such inlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Office Non Commissioned Officer, or Private Soldier belonging to the R< cruiting Party by which he shall be inlisted, or with the Person en ployed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have inlistec before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Cityc Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, refidin or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place and acting for tb Division or District where such Penon or Persons shall have been in listed, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justic or Chief Magistrate he or they shall he at Liberty to declare his their Dissent to such inlisting; and upon such Declaration and n turning the Inlisting Money, and also each Person so difienting payim the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid on upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law for th subsistence or Diet and Small Beer furnished to such Recruit subsc guent to the Period of his having been inlisted, such Person or Pffi ions so infilling shall be'forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, ! the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate 5 but if such Prrfii or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty foj Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they ftl

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 22. 81

be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or tides of War and their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and ccr-

tf such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily tt, n at u tabbed hiznfelf or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate hall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Preface to cauie to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Dcfaos, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons icfadivdy, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of idifting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Ma-gftnie fall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under Ks Had the inlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Krth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons in the Fens mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C. J, if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have beep taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall hue been taken, except in the case of Recruits inlisted to serve either Recruits inlisted is his Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, under 39 0.3. according a His Majesty shall think fit in pursuance of an Act passed xo9'so? k the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An &c to^ke C* AS fir better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in OathofAlle-which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fi- fiance, drhtv, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule fethh Ad annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magis-tnte fall certify such Inlist men t and Swearing accordingly in the Fom motioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and except also in the case of Recruits inlisted for the special Purpose of faring in the East Indus, in the Forces of the East India Company only, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the teMoA

Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts relating "3* /0t*ke to tie raisiag Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the oaths in pestering and billetting/tub Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Schedules (G.) Martial, in which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said and (H.)

Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.), and instead of the Oath of Service contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to ftm Ad annexed, shall take the Oath directed to be taken by the (aimed Ad of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the SdttUe to this Act annexed, marked (H.), and the Justice or Magijbate shall certify such Inlistment and Swearing accordingly, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L); and if any such Person or Persons, so to bd Certified, shall wil-tas, rtfufe to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from bon he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine fcb Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of 52Gso.III. G Fidelity;

C. 22.

A.D. 1812.

Name and Residence of Recruits taken.

Justices may dif-ehaige Persons haltily inlisting the mi'elves.

Magistrates to transmit to Secretary at War Duplicates of Certificates of Name and Residence of Perl'ons receiving Inlisting Money, and absconding.

Persons surrendering as Deserters deemed duly in lifted.

Masters in England how entitled to claim Apprentices.

52 GEO. III.

Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hettto or offend herein* shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is b this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untn Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recover* in the same manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this A to be levied or recovered: Provided always, that every Non Comm (ioned Officer or Private Soldier who shall inlist any Recruit, fin at the Time of such inlisting, esquire the Christian and Sumu and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the same do* in Writing, or give the same to the Non Commissiooed Officer coi manding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down: Provided all that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge a; Person who shall have hastily inlisted, and who shall apply to him declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Pa raent of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit claring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, N Commission oned Officer, or Private Soldier belonging to the Recni; ing Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Mag trate upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Perk that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit*inlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Comm Honed Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit befc the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit up his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid wb demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party eutid thereto demanding the same: Provided always, that in every a wherein any Person shall have received Inlisting Money, and shall ha absconded or have absented himself from the Party as aforesaid, so tl it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend him, and bring h before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commissioned Officer coi manding the Party shall produce to the Magistrate before whom thefl cruit would regularly have been brought for Attestation, a Certifies of the Name and Place of Residence of such Person, and the Mag trate to whom the Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfpi himself that the Person who had absconded cannot be found and a prehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty's Secret? at War, in order that in the Event of such Person being afterwar apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Falls of his havii received inHfting Money, and having absconded, may be afeertaim before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter as having been do inlisted.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who fin voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deserter, from at Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Foroes, < who, upon being apprehended for Desertion or any other Offenc shall in the Presence of the Magistrate confess himself to be a Deserti from any such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been dul inlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any fuc Regiment or BattaHon or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have bee ever actually inlisted as a Soldier or not.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Mattering land shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after tfi puffing of this Actt inlist as a Soldier in his Majesty's Land Servke

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 22.

3

nnlda such Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Four* tew when so bound; and if in Ireland for the full Term' of Five ^Yeanatthe Jeast, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so hound, and unless such Matter shall, within One Calendar Month after fnA Appreo tice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before joaeJuiiceof the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of ibeb Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is herebyve in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed

XCII. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler to whom Gaolers to give tty Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for Notice of Expi* mj Ofleoce is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expira- rat, on Iwpri* twos his Imprisonment, shall give One Months Notice to the Se- sSdfiei^0* enctary at War before the Day on which the Imprisonment of such will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence of the Period of Expiration of such Imprisonment.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any where Corps Regiment or Company shall be relieved at any Station or Place beyond beyond Seas the Seas, in order to their return to Great Britain or Ireland, it shall to re-

ttd may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, thereunto authorised by^Menw j&e Officer commanding in Chief at such Station or Place respectively, ehoofe may b# fonlift as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Com- inlisted,<;. fuuy, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which shall be appointed to remain; and fray Soldier so inlisted shall be and is hereby deemed to be dif-ehwged from the Regiment or Company in which he before served; mi the Occasion of his quitting such former Corps shall be recited k theklifting Certificate; a Duplicate, or an attelted Copy whereof, fell be delivered to such Soldier, to protest him from being anyway* aolefted upon Suspicion of his having deserted.

XCVII. And whereas several Soldiers, being duly listed, do 1 afterwards desert, and are often found wandering, or otherwise ab- Jeoting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service/ It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Con- justicts may tabk, Headborough, or Tythingman, of the Town or Place where commit De* aay PeTfbn, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, fritters.

8bQ be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, ttdtobring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, firing in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power

?) marine such suspected Person; and if by his Consession, or the dUmoiqr of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be (bond that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith caute him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Comedos, or other publick Prison in such Town or place where such DeJsster shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter

84

C. 22.

A.D. 1Ji

51 GEO. III.

Taking up Deserter*

Reward

Concealing

Deserter*

[Penalty.]

shall be apprehended within the City of London or Wefimm/Ur, Places adjacent; or to the Provost Martial in case such Deserter ft be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Fla* adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed the Schedule annexed to this Act marked (N.), to the Secretary War for the time being in London \ or if the Deserter be apprehenc in Ireland\ to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Gov nor or Governors, and proceeded again (I according to Law; and t Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, in which fu Deserter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subsistec for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the time that be ft continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or ft from time to time be directed in that Behalf, and the Keeper of eve Gaol, House of Correction, or other public Prison of the City, T01 or Place, at or ip which the Party or Person conveying such E ferter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required receive and confine every such Deserter, who shall be delivered in his Charge and Custody by any Non Commissioned Officer or Sold who shall such Deserter under any lawful Order, Wi

rant or Au^e on the Road from the Place where he w apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, witbo any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Produdic of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Desert shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretai at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and (hi be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Desert while the Party or Person conveying him shall halt on the Mard any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVIII. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person 1 Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters from His Majesty Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (in Justice of the Peace shall, upon receiving an Authority from tl Secretary at War in Great Britain, or an Order given under Authority of the Chief Governor or Governers of Ireland, also i his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the L Tax Money of the Parish or Township in Great Britain, where Deserter shall be so committed, or being charged with being a' ferter as aforesaid, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collectors of Majesty's Revenue in the District where any Deserter shall be committed, or being charged with being a Deserter as Aforesaid, paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to at in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, into the Hi of such Person or Persons as shall apprehend or cause to be ap] hended, any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, the Sum of Tw Shillings for every such Deserter as shall be apprehended and q mitted; which Sum of Twenty Shillings (half be satisfied by ( Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, i allowed upon his or their Account.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Pet shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter from His Majesty's I vice, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall lot for every fuen Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon 0

A.D. 1812.

C. 22.

s

52 GEO. III.

vidian, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, Distrefc. before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, {he dud Penalty of Twenty Pound* shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of (neb Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any such Delexter did belong; and in case any such Offender, who shall be confided as aforesaid of haefeourrog, concealing or affiding any such De-farter, IbQ not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress maybe made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her pcdty* for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Convt&ion, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace (fall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or n

Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months: Provided also, that if any cihesLc. of Person dull knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive Soldiers'or from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person upon any Account Defcners, &c. or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provision, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Cudom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of hia Play, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person Co offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum Pen*by of Five Pounds; or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay,

Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses, belonging to His Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, procure, counsel, foficit or entice any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be Buying Oats, such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or Hay, or Forage othcT Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for provided for His every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds 5 and upon Conviction, Majesty's Scr-by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Pe-nakies of Fire Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said How levied, first mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said lad mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter or Soldier did belong; and in case any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provmons, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counfeUed, foliated or enticed, any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be

86

C. 32.

A.D. 1812.

Imprisonment.

Justices granting Exteafion of Furlough on Account of Sickness, &c<

Prmifo.

Profifa

lufticfesof Peace, granting Exten-fion of Furlough, empowered to order Parish

*PG0. III.

such# to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped at the Discretion of such Justice.

CL. And whereas Soldiers, absent from their Regiments on Fur*

lough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are some-

times prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Casualty from returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time limited

by such Furlough, and Doubts have anien whether, in such cases*

the Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace be

sanctioned by legal Authority, and effectual for preventing such

Soldier from being apprehended upon Suspicion of his having de-

ferted his Regiment Be it further enacted, That any Inspeding Field Officer stationed on the Recruiting Service, or any Onicer of the Rank of Captain, or of superior Rank, stationed within the Dif-trid, or in case there be no such Officer as aforesaid within a convenient Distance, that any Justice of the Peace may, and he is hereby authorised to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extension of Furlough to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier applying for the same, on Account of Sickness or other Casualty, which shall, on due Euquiiy, appear to render such Extension necessary \ and that every such Officer or Justice of the Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier an Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the same, with the Cause of its being so granted, to the Agent of the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall belongj and that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough shall nave been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provisions of this Act, (hoiud it thereafter appear that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the same had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline s Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Justice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the District where such Soldier shall be.

Cl I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ah cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in England, and upon the Request of any fuca Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful

4-D.iffi 2.

52 GEO. III. C. 22.

87

I fortk Justice of the Peace mating the same, or where the same U he granted by airy such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of fcc Ptace, upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from Wi Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order b WritiBg under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of ft* Fdorof the Parish, Township or Place, wherein such Non Com-feiffiaoed Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Sfto Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed ia ftueh Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned OScer or Soldier would amdunt to for the Period to which such Fur-iMgk fluO be extended as aforesaid; such Justice of the Peace taking fstfticularCare to state upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so flue&ed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the same has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Ntement of his Signature, and further, specifying upon the Order fen the Parish Officer the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed; and the \fmat fb authorised shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parish Officer out of any Maneym his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the Sob so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, upon the Productkm tod Delivery of such Order to the Collector of Excise of the District mbs which such Parish, Township or Place shall be situated, or any Person officiating for such CoUe&or, be repaid to such Parish Offi-Br, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Bacifr or other Person out of any publick Monies in his Hands, and fae same shall he allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Juf-shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise

Officers to advance Pay.

Hot* re-im-bursed.

leceived by him; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same iuSL hue been paid mall respectively belong, to any Person or Per-rJsas authorised by the Commissioners of Excise in England, or any Three or more of them to draw for and receive the same: Provided always, that if any Justice of Peace shall not think fit to make such Older for pay*0!? an7 such Money as aforesaid, he shall state his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That m all cases ia which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in Scotland, and upon the Request ofany such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful to the Justice of the Peace granting the lame, or where the same shall be granted, by 3ny such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace upoa the rroduction of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, under his Hand, upon the Collector of the Excise of the Distria wham such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, or the IVrfcir officiating for such Collector, requiring him to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Ofeer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Fur-bogh iuB be extended as aforesaid, such Justice of the Peace taking paitkobr Care to state upon the Furlough m Words the Amount so directed by ham to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the

Agents of Regiments to repay Money so advanced.

Justice* of Peace granting Extension of Furlough in Scotland empowered tdotdri Collectors of Excise to advance Pay to Soldiers.

88

C*22

A.D. 1812.

Agents of Regiment* to repay Money advanced.

Cotnmiflane* upon making up Accounts, or returning from Foreign Service, to uke Oa'In

Officers/Storekeepers^. embezzling, Icc. Military Stores

Ac. tried by Conn Martial.

[Penalty.]

Distrefi.

Committal,

2*GEam,

same has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroboration tl Statement by his Signature, and further specifying upon the Old to such Collector of the Excise, or other Person officiating for hk the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of t| Commanding Officer by whom signed, and the Sum so authorix shall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him such Order by such Collector of Excise or other Person, out of al public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his A counts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cash in t Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and all Sums Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to t Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to whi the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively long, to any Person or Persons authorised by the Commissiooen Excise in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, to draw for a receive the same: Provided always, that if any Juffcice of the Pea shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money aforesaid, he shall (late his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing the Back of the Furlough.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissaries, up making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreij Service, shall take the Oath described in the Schedule to this A annexed, marked (M.), which Oath, if taken in any Part of t United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice of the Peace Magistrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer coi manding in Chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter Mail or Deputy Quarter Mailer General, or any Assistant Quarter Mast General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall spectively have Power to administer the same.

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforebi That every Commission Officer, Storekeeper or Commissary, or E put)' or Assistant Commissary, or other Person employed in the Coi miffariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Distributv of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to Majesty's Forces, or for their Use, that shall embezzle or fraudulent misapply or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or (hi knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forag Arms, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores to be a bezzied or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, ok be tried for the same by and before a General Court Martial, and shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Person be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Yeai or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisonment, Di miffal from His Majesty's 'Service, and Incapacity of Serving Majesty in any Office Civil or Military, as any such Court shall thic fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that fu< Person shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that such Person flu in Addition to any other Punishment, make good, at his own l pence, the Loss and Damage sustained, to be ascertained by such Cou Martial; which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels ( the Person so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the (z Two hundred Pounds, and such Lose and Damage: And if sufficiei Goods and Chattels cannot be found and seized, then the Person i offending shall be committed to Prifoa or the Common Gaol, thei

A.D. 1ftii.

C. 22.

89

S2o GEO. III.

to mum (in Addition to any other Punishment or Imprisonment) far Six Montbt, without Bail or Mainprise, and until ne shall pay lack Deficiency; and after the said Sum dull be recovered and lened, the same shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall direct lad appoint.

CX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight handled and twelve, no Paymaster General, or Pay matter of the Army, Paymaster of the Marines, Secretary at War, Commissaiy, Mater Matter, Paymaster of a Corps or District, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their Under Officers, shall receive any Fees, or mate any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow doe from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thoofrnd eight hundred and twelve, other than the usual Deductions allowed by His Majesty's Regulations; and such other necessary De-haEbom as shall from time to time be required to be made under any Act of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made or directed by His Majesty, under His Royal Sign Manual.

CXI. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well Clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, may, if be or they fee convenient, at the End of every Sir Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops ud Companies: And the Paymaster General for the time being is hereby dneded to notify the Receipt of the Money to the Secretary at War, who shall immediately grant his Warrant for the Payment of the proper Sum or Sums to such Person or Persons only as have a regular Alignment from the Colonel or Commandant or Person authorised by him to make such Assignment.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paymaster, Agent or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop or Company, shall un-tarfafty detain or withhold, for the Space of One Month, the Pay of ay Officer or Soldier, (Clothes and all other just Allowances being dedafted) after such Pay shall be by ^iim or them received; or if any Oficers having received their Soldier's Pay, shall refuse to pay each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier their respective Pay when it fraQ become due, according to the several Rates established by His Majesty's Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court Martial, u sforriaid, to be for that Purpose duly held and summoned, every loth Paymaster, Agent, Clerk or Officer, so offending, shall be dischargrdfirom his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer, upon Cootiftion before the said Court, One hundred Pounds, to be levied uriortsaid, and the Informer, if a Soldier, (if he demands it) shall and be is hereby discharged from any further Service; any thing io this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And, for the better Execution hereof, and that a true and regnhr Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the fcioal Garrisons, Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, tW hod Agents are hereby required and directed to observe such Orta and Directions as mail from time to time be given by His Majesty, under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War for tie time being, by His Majesty's Command, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors ot Ireland\ or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and if any

D Agent

Application of Forfeiture.

Paymaster, Icc. making Deduction out of Officer! or Private Men*s Pay.

Exception.

Treasury may UTue Money due for Clothing.

Paymaster General to pay Clothing Money to Assignees.

Paymasteri, Agents, Sic. detaining Pay.

[Penalty.]

Agents disobeying Orders.

s

[Rates of Subsistence increased\ post. c. 43. This jf8, except the ClovJ and Schedule above inserted, is Jm'dar to 51 G* 3. c, 6.]

1

>O

OF

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of committed to Confinement at on the Day of

as a Deserter from the Battalion of the Regiment of

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks. Probable Date of Inlistment, and in what Distritf. Probable Date of Desertion, and from whence. Name, Occupation, and Addrelis of Person by whom apprehended. The Particulars in Evidence against the Prisoner, and whether he confessed himself a Deserter in the Presence of the Magistrate who committed him; whether he appears to be in a State of Health to be removed, f

Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circuai-fiances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he a Deserter from the

before mentioned Corps.

- Signature of Magistrate.

- Signature of PrUbner.

f If a Military Medical Officer be at the Place, he will infye& the Deserter, upon the Application of the Magistrate.

P

werv iiimo

CAP. XXIII.

Act for the Regulating of His Majesty*9 Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[20th March 1812.]

ton. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Court Martial 'which shall have Power to (it by virtue of b A(bill consist of a less Number than Thirteen, whereof none be under the Degree of a Commissioned Officer 5 except Courts irtial to be holden on any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Irate Marine, who may be serving on Shore in any Place beyond the m and out of His Majesty* Dominions or out of the East Indies, ubich cole any General Court Martial may consist of any Number kiefs thaa Seven, and the President of such Court Martial shall notnder the Degree of a Field Officer of Royal Marines, unless where & Field Officer cannot be had; in which case the Marine Officer It in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree a Captain, shall preside at such Court Martial; and that such nn Martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby rebed to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Exa* ration or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before

ED.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Offenders General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Seer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had there-take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, be-fc the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are hereby lorixed to administer the same) in these Words; that is to say, ^U shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence which shall be given in the Matter now before you, iCtwrui our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty and the Prisoner Brbe tried. So help you GOD.'

f jf. B. do swear. That I will duly administer Justice, according lio an Alt of Parliament now in force, for the Regulation of His rajcfijys Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to he Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of rar-ament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other primes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour r Affe&iou; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained ry the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles) ccording to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and he Custora of War in like cases: And I further swear that I will uot divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commis* fiosni for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the Hasted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; neither will I, apon any Account at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, rolefe required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court af Justice, in a due Course of Law.

So help me GOD.* And

General Court Martial not to consist of less than 13, except in cases where serving beyond Seas, &c.

Oaths by Menu bers of General Courts Martial.

Oaths.

Judge Advocate sworn.

Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, Icc.

Hours of Trial.

Courts Martial may sentence Offenders to tmprisonment, lie.

Penslty.

Pay forfeited during impri> fenment.

C. 23. 52 GEO. in A.D. 1(

And To fooit as the said Oaths shall have been administered tq respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authoi and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Perios ciating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

I A.B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any ticular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in 1 1 Course of Law. So help me G(

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offend* any such General Court Martial as aforesaid, unless Nine 01 present, or where the Court Martial shall consist of Seven Menj unless Five Officers present shall concur therein; and if there bej Officers present than Thirteen, or Seven respectively, then the J ment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds of the Of present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Ofi but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Mornfe) Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an imnw Example.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it flu lawful for any General or other Court Martial to sentence any Commi(honed Officer or Private Marine to Imprisonment in House of Correction, Common Gaol or Public Prison; sum Gaolers and Keepers of such Houses of Correction or Prilboi receive into their Custody and keep in Confinement, for such til they shall be respectively required so to do, any Non Commifi Officer or Private Marine who may have been sentenced to Imp ment by any General or other Court Martial, and shall pnn proper Place for the Confinement of any such Non Commissioned cer or Private Marine, according to the Sentence of such C during the Period of his Imprisonment, upon receiving an Ori Writing from the Commanding Officer of the Division at which General or other Court Martial shall have been held; and Gaoler and Keeper of a House of Correction or Prison who refuse to receive and to confine any such Non Commissioned 0 or Private Marine in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recoverei Action of Debt or Information for the Use of His Majesty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commifi Officer or Private Marine, to be imprisoned as aforesaid, shall j all Right to any Pay, from the Day of his Commitment, durinj time of such Imprisonment; and also that, during the Contim of any such Imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Pri| House of Correction shall receive the Sum of Nine pence per Diet of the Subsistence of such Non Commissioned Officer or Private rine, during the time that such Non Commissioned Officer or P( Marine shall continue in Custody, which said Sum the Lords ( missioners of the Admiralty are hereby authorised and requiri cause to be paid by the Paymaster of Royal Marines to the Gaoler or Keeper aforesaid, upon receiving an Application in Vfi to their Secretary, signed by any Justice of the Peace for the Co or Riding in which such Gaol, Prison or House of Contdion be locally situate, ' together with a Copy of the Order under v

D. 1812.

93

5 GEO. III. C. 23.

[Proviso.]

e said Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine was confined: rovided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners the Admiralty for the time being, if they should think fit, to order le Issue and Payment of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion hereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non Com-aSootd Officer or Private Marine during or after the Expiration of he Period of his Imprisonment.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General The Party tri4 ^ourt Martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Copy of entitled to Copy fee Sentence and Proceedings of such Courts Martial, upon Demand*"*5*, ce "jr hereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same) at any time not Doner than Three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence le approved or not; any thing in this Act to the contrary not with-- ending*

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Private Deserters be-Man, in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or else- yondSea, &c. where beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which he* "y h tnav be liable to be tried by Court Martial by virtue of this Act, and "*

shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be lied by a Court Martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended br the same; such Officer or Private Man shall be tried for the same, a if the same Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons accused Marine Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man, shall be of capital Crimes, iccufed of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against &c* ddiJr#e!fd Lne Person, Estate or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, rhich is punishable by the known Laws of the Lana; the Com* 8

landing Officer or Officers of every' Company or Party is and are hereby reauired to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trials And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Per-{on to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, before any Two or more Joftaces of the Peace for the County where the Fact is committed, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be tpfo faQo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be amrmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court Martial.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler, to whom any Notice given to Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for any Secretary of Offence is a Marine, and liable to serve His Majesty, on the Ex- Admiralty of pcarioo of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice to the Secretary of the Admiralty before the Day on which the Imprison- P meet of such Person will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence, of the Period of Expiration of such Imprisonment.

A.D. 1ff

p' GEO. Iir.

Person* hastily

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, Tl inlisting re- from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand d

lieved. hundred and twelve, when and as often as any Person or Persons I

be inlisted as a Marine or Marines in His Majesty's Service, he they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hj after such Inlisting respectively, be carried or go with some On Non Commissionea Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruil Party by which he shall be inlisted, or with the Person employd the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have inlisted, before < Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or C Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing in or being 1 to or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons I have been inlisted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Lib to declare his or their Dissent to such Inlisting 5 and upon such claration, and returning the Inlisting Money, and also each Perfor dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges pended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so inlisted i be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty in the Presence of f Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall re; or neglect, within the Space of Twenty four Hours, to return pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and takej be inlisted, as ir he or they had given his or their Assent thereto fore the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himseli themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is her required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person Persons is or are duly inlisted; setting forth the Place of the Bit Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known), and that Second and Third Se&ions of the Articles of War, for the better ( vemment of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore w read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of delity mentioned in the Twelfth Section of the said Articles of W and also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annex marked (A.) 5 and if any such Person or Persons so to be certif as duly inlisted, shall refute to take the said Oath of Fidelity beh the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful ! such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforefi to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall ta the Oath before required j and every Officer of Royal Marines t( shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, up Oath made by Two Witnesses, before a General Court Martial to Penalty. thereupon calied, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered a;

displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabt'to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment with Provife. this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service: Provided always, thi

[Proviso.]

every Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine who shall inlist at Recruit, shall at the time of such inlisting esquire the Christian ai Surname and Place of Abode of such Redi uit, and either take t\ same down in Writing or give the same to the Non Commissione Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down* Prc

vided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the' Peace t discharge any Person who shall have hastily inlisted, and' who fha apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as afore

Diltatd w

*95

52 GEO. III. C. 2^, 24.

[Proviso.]

iud, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by --7 Recruit declaring hit Diflent Under this Act, not with Handing no " r, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the urting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Masstrate upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Wk that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where such Seem wm udisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Coaoifiooed Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Re*-cnrit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Re* trait updo has Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and pad when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party mbtfed thereto, demanding the same: Provided always, that in every

Case wherein any Person shall have received Inlisting Money, and (ban km absconded, or have absented himfdf from the Party as aforesaid, fe tbt it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend him, and kfeg km before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commissioned Ofiqcr commanding the Party, shall produce to the Magistrate, be*

(me wkm the Recruit would regularly have been brought for At-trfaios, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such lUaMod the Magistrate to whom the Certificate shall be produced,

M, after fadsfying himself that the Person who had absconded eaamt be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Loidi of the Admiralty or their Secretary, in order that in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported m a Debtor, the Fads of his having received Inlisting Money, and having absconded, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be iDeserter as having been duly inlisted.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Master shall be entitled Mailer claiming to dam any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, iwlift Apprentices to m 1 Royal Marine in His Majesty's Service, unless such Apprentice ukehc 03th flnltat been bound to him in England for the foU Term of Seven Yean, sot having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound,

and if in Ireland, for the full Term of Five Years at the leuffc, not hsviw been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and unless fechMaster shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before same Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magnbate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.)

(Tki/ JSt except the Clauset above inserted, it Jtndlar to 51 G.3. r.9.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six millions seven hundred and eighty nine thousand six hundred and twenty five Pounds by way of Annuities* [25th March 1812.]

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

CAP. XXV.

47 0.3. Sess. I.

continued.

Exception.

51 G3.C.IS.

49 O.3.C. 30.

48 G. 3. c. 32.

Act repealed, &c.

An Act to continue9 until the Twenty fifth Day of March C thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act for regulat the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Su from Ireland.

[25th March 181

WHEREAS the Act herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it it expedient that I

fame should be further continued in manner herein after mentiond Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tf poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bri Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty seventh Y of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide n effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on tie Exports* of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Suga be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March ( thousand eight hundred and eighty and which, by an Act made in I last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth I of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be and same is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon 1 Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and tl teen, except only so much of the said recited Act of the Forty fe?a Year aforesaid, as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar be warehoused in Ireland, and which, under the Provisions of an / made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign! continuing the said Act of the Forty seventh Year, is directed to warehoused under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty eig) Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting Goods tmpori into Ireland to be warehoused or Tecured without the Duties due the Importation thereof being firftpaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Act here continued, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act to passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Empk ments, and for extending the Times limited for those Pi poses respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March 0 thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and to permit fu Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and I Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attf nies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before c First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred a thirteen.

[25th March 1811

C A

D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

97

O.27.

CAP. XXVII. q Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS when any Part of His Majesty's Forces are em* barked io Ireland for Foreign Service, the Wives and ChiU dies of the Soldiers so embarking for Foreign Service are frequently Ht to rrtflrn to their respective Homes, and it is expedient and (oR that Provision should be made for enabling such Wives and Chddres io to return; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mod Kcefeot Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords lirRsal and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ieaMed, sad by the Authority of the same, That upon any Regi-Ifit, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, being embarked in Ireland t FwctgD Service, the Commanding Officer thereof shall cause a ttBii or Returns to be made out of all the Wives and Children of f Soldiers belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or De-Anoft, who fkati be left at the Place of Embarkation, and who r drfiroos of claiming the Allowances respectively authorised by 1 Act for the Purpose of enabling them to return to their Homes; t bid (ay, either one Return for the Regiment, Battalion, Corps Detachment, or separate Returns for each Company, Rating the teal Places to which they are respectively to proceed, and whether Great Britain or Ireland respectimy, and shall transmit a Copy of ty such Return to the Under Secretary for the Military Departs K at the War Office in Dublin CaRle, and shall also give to every k Wife a Duplicate of such Part of such Return as mall apply to kWife and her Family of Children respectively, certifying thereof for hit Hand that the Person to whom such Certificate is given is t Wife of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detach* wt, and that such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, is m about to embark at such Port of Embarkation for Foreign Ser-e; tad if the Home or Homes to which any of the said Women Children shall so desire to return shall be in Great Britain, theu such mmanding Officer shall cause a farther and separate Return to be made out of all such Women and Children as shall so desire to urn to Great Britain, and shall transmit the same to the Secretary War in London.

IL Awl be it further enacted, That each Wife to whom any such riicate shall have been delivered as aforesaid shall forthwith take >uok to same neighbouring Justice or Magistrate, who shall make I s Route for her, and fill up and sign and deliver to her a Certi-m (pedfyiag the Place to which such Woman, or Woman and Hd or Children, is or are going, and her Route, that (he may re-fe feck Allowances as are authorised by this Act not exceeding to peace fer Mile.

i!L And be it further enacted, That upon Production of such ttifieate to the Person acting as Post Master in the City, Town or Me, at which such Embarkation shall happen, and afterwards in f Place mentioned in such Route and through which such Woman d Children shall pass, every such Person so acting shall, out of any ibfic Honey in his Hands, pay her an Allowance not ctceeding fiCto.III. H tho

by

A Return of Wives and Chili dren of Soldiers left at Embarks^ tion, and transmitted to War Office,

Certificate ft veil to Wife,

produced to A neighbouring J u ft ice, who shall make out Route to receive Allowance*

Pod Matters w pay Allowances,

A.D. 18

Poll Mailer Ge* neral of Ireland to allow such Payments, and Money repaid by Agents,

In Dublin Application made to Agent in first lufUnce.

Certificate delivered up up 03 receiving last Allowance,

How conveyed Home if residence in Great Britain.

Price paid for

Conveyance

certified.

G.27. 52 GEO. III.

the Rate per Mile specified in such Certificate as aforesaid, for Number of Miles to the next City, Town or Place, to which (he 1 be going as mentioned in such Route, not exceeding Eighteen M and he shall indorse on such Certificate the Money so paid, and I feribe the same and take a Receipt from the Woman for the I without Stamp, subscribed with her Name or signed with her M; specifying the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment to url her Husband belongs, so that the Description on the Receipt may* respond with the Description in the Certificate 0 produced to hie aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum 0 advanced by f Person so acting as Pod Matter shall be allowed in his Accounts the Pott Matter or Pott Matters General of Ireland, and all Si of Money so advanced and allowed in Account shall be repaid by Agents of the Regiments to which the Soldiers belong whose W and Families have been forelieyed, or by any other Person to be pointed for that Purpose by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfc the Under Secretary for the War Department, to the Recc General of His Majesty's Pott'Office in Ireland.

V. Provided always, and be.it enacted, That in the City of Du every such Woman shall in every Inttance apply to the Agent of Regiment to which file shall belong, and not to* the Pod Mailer Penon acting as such, and such Agent shall and may pay nd-adra in any case such Money, and indoiie and subscribe such Certificate aforesaid, and shall be allowed such Sum (o paid in his Accounts, every such Tndorfement shall be of the same Force, Validity J Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been dooc b Person acting as the Pott Matter in manner aforesaid.

VJ. And be it further enacted, That every such Woman shall the latt Place of receiving any Allowance under this Act, anteced to her Arrival at her Home, if such Home shall be in Ireland, dob up the Certificate so given to her as aforesaid, to the Person ft vancing such Allowance to her, who shall transmit the same tq Pott Matter or Pott Matters General, and the same shall be by. Pott Matter or Pott Matters General transmitted to the Under $ tary for the War Department in the War Office in Dublin Cattls

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Home or Plal which any such Woman shall desire to proceed shall be in ( Britain, such Woman together with her Children, if any, duf forthwith taken free of all Expence in a Transport to any convcfl Port in Great Britain, if the same can then conveniently be doocJ if not, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Colonel or <1 Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to v such Woman shall belong, to agree for the Passage of every 01 such Woman and her Children to any convenient Port or Plai Great Britain, in any Veil'd that may then be in such Port of1 barkation, and also for her and their Maintenance during such Pal at any Price not exceeding for a Woman that usually paid fqi same railage for a Soldier, and so in Proposition for.Children acfl ing to their respective Ages; and the Price so agreedon beia$ tided by such Colonel or Commanding Officer, shall be duly pal the Paymaster of the Dittrid in which such Port shall be, out of? Public Money in his Hands; and such Certificate, together the Receipt of the Matter or Commander of such Vefltl, shall I

j

I. IS12.

51 GEO. III. c 27.99

iest Voucher for such Payrn after, awd thereupon fee shall fee en-to charge the Amosnt in hit Account with tie general Agent, rid Vsscfeer bring annexed to sack Charge.

[II. And be it farther enacted, That if (itch Port shall not be How certificate aiortly situate for such Purpose, or if such Pafcge cannot fe filled up. aed u aforesaid, then the Commanding Officer granting such ifiefte U such Woman as aforesaid, shall insert therein the Mame be Port is Ireland from which ft shall be on the whole most r ad eligible that such Woman with her Children, if awy*

Id fad hr the Purpose of repairing to her Home in Great th, mi thereupon any Jaftiee of the Peace to whom such wi AaU apply m manner afore foki shall fell up her Certificate aft bid for such Port, and thereupon such Woman Hiatt be supplietl the Means of repairing to such Port, and the Expence thereof bt defrayed by the several Persons acting as Post Mastera ftt erafoefttd ia all respects.

I And be it farther enacted, That if by any Accidentffy fbefi In what case m or Women and Children, shall have been left at such Place nc*etuni ahrhdon or at the last Quarters of fneh Regiment, Battafiort xnadc*

TO5, or at any Place on the March from such last Quarters to Pace of Embarkation, and that the Requisites aforesaid shall ire been performed, or that any such Woman or Women and ret shall have been omitted from such Lift as aforesaid, then every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the dor other Officer commanding where such Woman or Women 'biHmi shall have been so left, to make out such Return as ia before mentioned of such Woman or Women and Children, and sferit the same to the War Office m Dublin Castle as aforesaid,

1 give to every such Woman such Duplicate as aforesaid, and rtranfmk such further Return, if necessary, to the Secretary at*London, and every such' Return and Duplicate respectively writhe same Force and Effect in all Respects as if done in cr mi by the Person hereinbefore for the like Purpose men-

Asd be it further en*6bed, That when such Woman shall have if Perfbtwcan-

I ft the Port or Place appointed for her Embarkation, then if not be conveyed

shall be any Transport m or near to such Port about to proceed" a Transpdrt, a

eoavenient Port in Great Britain, such Woman with her Child

rl&rn.if aay, shall Be received on board the same, and conveyed VesseL

i to faeh Port m Great Britain, free of all Expence; and if

ft* not be a convenient Opportunity of fending over such

m tad Children in that manner, then i shall be lawful for the

nl or other Officer commanding at such Port or Place to agree

ePjflage of every or any such Woman and her Child or Ghil-

if ay, ia any other Vessel, and to certify the Price so agreed

ill Maser in all respects as is hereinbefore hi that refoedl

ad, sod such Price shall in like manner be paid by the Pay-

pof feeh DistriS, and shall be charged by and allowed to him

Certificate of such Commanding Officer, and the Receipt of

bier or Commander of such> Velel in manner aforesaid in alt

hf md such District PayrmUter shall also receive from such

a the Certificate so grafted to her by such Magistrate as afore-

rtfell annex the same, together with such Certificate and Re-

to his Account, in support of such Charge therein.

IOO

A.D. 181

C. 27. 52 GEO. III.

Allowance in case of Delays arising from unavoidable Ciufes.

thiplicAe of Certificate produced to Justice on Arrival at any Poet, See.

51 G.3.1.106.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if by contrary Wind*, want of a Veil'd ready for foiling, or by the Sickness of herself or any of her Children, or by any other reasonable Cause, any h Woman shall be detained more than One Night at such Port or PI of her Embarkation, or at any Place in her Journey, from the sign of her Certificate by a Magistrate as aforesaid, Jo ner Arrival at ft Port, or at her Home, if in Ireland, then and in every such case, ft Woman shall and may apply to any Justice of the Peace who (] thereupon examine into the Fads on Oath, and if satisfied of Truth thereof shall give such Woman an Order to receive from Person then acting as Post Mailer as aforesaid, if on her Journey,; if at her Port or Place of Embarkation, then from such Difirid F mailer, the Sum of Six pence a Day for the Maintenance of her! and the Sum of Three pence for each Child ihe shall have with and such Payment shall be made to her accordingly, so long as shall be so unavoidably detained, and no longer; and such Oi with the Receipt of such Woman shall be a Sufficient Voucher every such Payment; and every such Sum so paid being so i vouched shall be allowed and finally discharged m manner afore respectively.

All. And be it further enacted, That when any such W01 shall have arrived at any such Port in Great Britain, then if (he foiled from the Port of Embarkation of her Regiment, ihe shall t the Duplicate so then given to her as aforesaid to any Justice of Peace at or near such Port, and if ihe shall have failed from other Port to which (he shall have been iransmitted by or under Certificate of a Justice of Peace as aforesaid, then (he shall take i Certificate to any Justice of the Peace at or near such Por Great Britain at which (he shall have so arrived, and thereupon shall receive from such Justice of Peace in Great Britain such I tificate, and by and under the Authority thereof ihe and her ChOi shall be traosmitted to her Home mentioned therein, in the fomcl ner in all respects as if such her Port of Arrival had been the P01 Embarkation of her Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and that! Justice of Peace in Great Britain had given her such Certifi under and according to the Terms of an Act made in the lad Sc of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling the Wives and Fat of Soldiert embarked for Foreign Service to return to their Homes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Home of such Woman shall be in Ireland, the Certificate of the Justk the Peace to whom ihe shall take her Duplicate as aforesaid, lk in the Form here following, or in any other Form of Words of same Purport and Effect; that is to Uy,

Form of Certifi-T A.B.n Justice of the Peace for the County of

fat* l^Jfide, ce*(or County of the City or Town of

" k*(iii the case may he,) do hereby certify, That from the Doom

produced to me it appears that C.D. the Bearer hereof,

Wife of E F. a Soldier in the Regime

lately embarked for Foreign Service,

that (he is entitled to on Allowance of

4 Mile from this Place to her Home at througt

4 Towns of Given under my Hand at

this Day of in the

1

A.D. 1812.

ioi

52 GEO. III. C. 27, 28.

Acd if the Home of such Woman shall be in Great Britain, then all Form if Grt* rfter the Words*Foreign Service* shall be omitted; and in the Place Briuin* rf the Words so omitted, these Words following shall be used; that is to ixj, and that her Home is at in the County of in Great Britain, and that in order to

embark for Great Britain (he is entitled to an Allowance of

per Mile from this Place to the Port of

1 through the Towns of Given under my Hand

4 at this Day of

in the Year

CAP. xxviii.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, miking Prorifion for the Families of Militia Men in Ireland.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parlia- 51 0.3. C. 7I 4 V ment, intituled An Act to make Provision in certain Cases*far tie Wives and Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates serving in the Militia of Ireland; it w, among other things, \

enacted, that every Serjeant, Corporal, Private or Drummer in the Jrj/b Militia, desirous of obtaining for his Family the Allowances in the said Act mentioned, shall make and subscribe a written Declaration in the Form therein set forth before the Commanding Officer

I of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps for the time being to which he shall belong: And whereas it may happen, that when any Regiment of the said Militia is serving out of Ireland> certain Ser-'jeauts, Corporals, Drummers or Private Men of such Regiment my remain in Ireland, attached to and serving in some other Regi-

meat of Militia than that to which they belong; Be it therefore When any Regi-eroded by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the went of Militia Adnceand Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- '*out of bods, u this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of officer^aH^ive the same, That in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and a certifccate on for the Colouel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment to Behalf of Men which any such Militia Man shall belong, when thereto required, to remaining in give and uga a Certificate in Writing, in the Form following; that jj^j*1*

U to by, Regiments.

II if. B. Colonel or Commanding Officer [as the case may be"\ of Form.

the Militia, do hereby certify*

'that C.D. a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private ballotted

4 Mao, Substitute or Volunteer, as the case may beJ in the said*Mika, and now attached to the Regiment

of Mina, was called out into actual Service, and did on the Day of march fronv the said County, Town, City

1 or Pbce [as the case may be.-\ And I do certify that the said C, D.

octet deserted from the said Regiment of Militia while the same remained in Ireland, and that the said C.D. was married after his Enrollment with the Consent of his Commanding Officer, accordg to Law, or heforc Enrollment [as the case may be.f Prodded always. That if such Militia Man shall have been married dwing the Absence from Ireland of the Regiment to which be be-? longed, the latter Claofe relating to his Marriage shall be ipitted


C. 28.

A.D. 181

52 GEO. III.

2nd such Certificate shall be forwarded by Rich Colonel or Co minding Officer to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of 1 Regiment, Battalion or Corps in Ireland, to which such Militia N shall be then attached, and in which he shall be then fenring.

Declaration of Militia Men required by 5iG. 3. c. 78.$a. subscribed at Foot of Certificate.

Form of Certificate thereon of Commanding Officer of Regiment in Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be la* for any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man so remain in Ireland, desirous of obtaining any Allowance for his Family un the said recited Act, to make and subscribe the Declaration in said recited Act mentioned, at the Foot of the Certificate be; before mentioned before the Commanding Officer of the Rrgnw Battalion or Corps to which such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummei Private shall be attached, or in which he shall be serving at the t of so making and subscribing such Declaration.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commanding OH before whom such Declaration shall be so made and subscribed, I at the Foot of the said Declaration give and sign a Certific2t Writing in the Form following 5 that is to say,

I A.B. Colonel or Commanding Officer [jj the ease may It, '

*the Regiment of Militia, do ha

certify that C.D. a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private,

the case way lef] in the Regiment of Militia

attacned to, and serving in the said Regiment under my Comm hath this Day made and subscribed the above Declaration be 4 me; and that the said C D. never deserted since he first bee attached to, and served with the said Regiment so now under

Command/

And if such Militia Man shall be married after the Regiment tow he belonged had left Ireland, then there shall be added to such I tificate these Words following, to wit, And that the said C 4 married after he became attached to the Regiment under my C 4 mind, with the Consent of the Commanding Officer thenroi the time being or these Words, ' And that the said C. D.

14 produced to me the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of.< Militia, dated the Day of

in the Year and certifying that the said C

was then attached to the said Regiment, and did on that Day 1

with the Consent of the said Commanding Officer. Dated thi Day of in the Year /

Alt such Deck-

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Declaration, rations and Cer- the Certificate at Foot thereof, shall be attested and counterfigoe titicates shall be^Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of MiHti Adjuunuwho* which the Militia Man making such Declaration shall be so atuu shall keep Re- or with which lie shall he serving, and such Adjutant shall kt aiders thereof. Book or Register containing {be Names of all the Serjeants, Corp Drummers and Privates so attached to, and serving with such ment. Battalion or Corps, who shall have made such a Declan alphabetically arranged, and shall from such Declarations auA t ideates so delivered to lum, enter in such Book opposite tl Name of each Man, whether be is (harried or a Widower, and' any and what Child or Children, with the Date of such Dedad and the Name or Names, Age or Ages of such Child or Cl respectively at the time making such De^laratiou, and \m

51 GEO. III.

C.zi.

103

51 G. 3. c. 71

dteice bf foeh Wifev Child or ChMrenj as Rated in such Decfara-

rW. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant to whom such Adjutant Hull Declaration ami Certificate shall Be so delivered, and aHb every Aa- re-deliver Cer-jHtant to whom any Declaration and Certificate shall have been d^- tificate end D-jfefcfcA is in the find recited Act mentioned, after he shall have attested Mmtirivbn to cmratersigned the same respectively, and noted the Contents be transmjttedto 'lifted a such Book ik aforesaid, and as in the said recited Act his Family,

- Dfcltiooed Trspectively, shall Forthwith deliver such Declaration and Chtfficite respectively, to the Man having made such Declaration, in drier that he may cdufe the same to be transmitted to his Family

thing in the said recited Act to the contrary fti arty drife hot-TOtfistanding.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That such Declaration and Cer- Declaration and Bfcate so made and attested in manner in this Act directed, and tlte Certificate pro-BNSil Matters add Things therein contained, shall be enquired into ce*eJ on. " FAM proceeded on in the same manner in all refyefta, and mall be of Icclt

the same Force ind Effect to all Intents and Purposes, to entitle any lafci Militia Man so attached to, or serving with any Regiment, or Corps, and his Family, to dU and every the fatne Benefits, wancts. Payments and Advantages, and on all the same Terms Conditions as are by the said recited Act now given and provided and for any Militia Man and his Family, after a Declaration, Cerate and Attestation, according to the Forms and Manner in the Act directed and set forth.

r 1

VII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act provided that no |*Wife of any Militia Man, ndr any other Person on Behalf of such

Wife, or of the Family of any such Militia Man, shall be entitled

receive at any one Time more tHah' Onfe Month's Allowance to

fbcb Wife and r amily, under and by virtue of the said Act: And whereas many Militia Men who wbufd have beeii enabled td make

a Declaration, and have been entitled to obtain a Certificate and

Attestation thereof in manner hereinbefore mentioned, immediately

after the passing of the said recited Act, have been prevented from

so doing by the want of the Provisionshereinbefore contained Be Justices may en-1 k therefore' efiafted. That it shall and may be lawful'to and for the quite into Cir-fcjttfbce of the Peace who shall first order Payment of the Sums cumstances which TOdwcd by Law to the Family of any Militia Man obtaining any such Certificate as is hereinbefore set forth, and such Justice is hereby untjer retnted required to compare the time of the Marriage of aoy such Militia Act.

Man, as mentioned in his Declaration so made In Forth aforesaid, with the time of Matching from his County as ihehtiotied in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regithen.t so which he ftnd upon such Comparison, and also by Examination bn [ *binto the^Fasts of the case, such Justice (hill proceed to afebr-F^fii fthen such Family might have entitled themselves to any and ftfiit Allowance finder and by virtue of the said recited Act, in dfirtbe Commanding Officer and Adjutant bf such Regiment had dm been in Ireland, so as t6 grant the necessary Certificate and Attestation.

VIII. And be it further ertacted, That such dfiftice of the Peace On Justkrcscer-'ftitf accordingly certify the Period and Amount of such Allowance dfying Amount fHhe Foot of the first Order, to be gnfen by him as in the said re- ^owa, lcc0Q cited Act mentioned, and thereupon such Family shall be entitled td 1 eiI

H 4 p

r Order,

receive

I4

52 GEO. III.

A.D. tJ

Families shall

tecchre prtnrious Monthly Allowances.

Return, &c. shade by and to Adjutants of Regiments to which Militia Men are attached.

51 G. 3. c. 78.

49 <*.3. 

receive from the Persons, and out of the Funds in the said Act tioned, the Amount of all such previous Monthly Allowances! would have been due to such Family, in case they could have enul themselves to receive the same, not exceeding in the whole 4 ./Vjnount of Six Months* Allowance in any one Case.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so long as any such ] M*n shall J>e so attached to, or serve in Ireland, in any Reg Battalion or Corps of Militia, other than that in which he was < ally enrolled, and which shall be serving out of Ireland, all and < Return or Account directed by the said recited Act to be made j such Militia Man to the Adjutant of his Regiment, or to the Pei acting as such, shall be made to the Adjutant of the Regiment,] falion or Corps, to which he shall be so attached, or with which I shall serve, or to $e Person acting as such; and that such Adjuti pr Person acting as such shall keep such Register for all Men so 1 tached pr serving with such Regiment, and make such Entries therei and make and lend all the same Returns relative to such Men so a iacned and serving, as is by the said Act directed concerning tt Adjutant of the Regiment in which such Militia Man shall be enrolfa and every Return so made to or by any such Adjutant or Person z( ing as such under tins Act, shall be of such and the same Force a Eflcft respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as R turns made to or by any Adjutant pursuant to the Provisions of 11 said recited Act.

X. And whereas by the said recited Act of the last Session <*Parliament, it was, among other things, enacted, That an Act mat in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled Jin A

A A rejK iloJ,

to make Provision in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families ballotied Men^ Substitutes and Volunteers, serving in the Militia

Cei tain Allow-inees continued to be pod to fathers, Scq. of Men in Militia at timeofpalling 4<y G. 3. c. 86. % uth Aa rears.

Ireland, should be repealed, save so far as the same repealed ar former Act of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing the reii And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Yesr,

was, among other things, enacted, That certain former Asti ft

making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men 1

Ireland should be repealed, save as to any Allowance to any Fath Mother, Brothers or Sifters of any Militia Man, who should 1

serving in the said Militia at the time of the passing of the so

Act v For the obviating of any Doubts with respect to ^he so last mentioned Allowance, Be it declared and enacted, That all u every Allowance and Allowances to any Father, Mother, Brothers! Sifters of any Militia Man who was serving in the said Militia at tl time of the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Y shall be paid under the Provisions of the several Acts recited in t\ said Act of the forty ninth Year, any thing in the said recited A< of the (aft Session of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts to th contrary not with (landing; and \bat all Arrears of such Allowanct due at the tjme of the pacing of this Act\ shall be paid within On Month after th? pasting of this ft, by the Collector of the Baroni Cess, or by the Collectors of Excise within their respective Distnd upon the Receipts of the Parties entitled to such Allowances, in* such Sums shall be allowed in the Accounts of the several and respective Collectors accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered amended or repealed, curing the present Session of Pai Lament.

A.D.

52 GEO. III. C. 29, 30.

1 oS

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to the 490*3. c.iao.

W Militia of Ireland mould be amended in manner herein after 5* G. 3. c. 118.

contabed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Mairibj, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That of the Number of Persons to exceedm$ be raised for the Militia of any County, County of a City, or County One Fourth of: of a Town in Ireland\ by volunteering, it shall be lawful for His Number of Majesty. or for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or t#

Governors of Ireland, for the time being, to direct that such Propor-

tim as be or tb ex shall think fit, not exceeding One Fourth Part of tudJ^wards. tie whok Number of Persons to be raised in each Year for such Cansty, shall confitl of Boys of the Age of Fourteen Years, and upwards, and of such Height as His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, may direct, who shall be raised by Beat of Drum.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regiment, or Commander in Pat of a Regiment of the Militia of Ireland shall be out of Ireland, Cief tojiercife ihen and in every such case, all and every the Rights, Powers and Iriib^Authorities relating thereto, which there shall be Occasion to exercise Mlitia out out of Ireland by the Commander of His Majesty's Forces, shall and of Ireland as may be used, exercised and enjoyed by the Commander in Chief of Officer eom-His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to mand!?/0rCef all Intents and Purposes, as the same might or could then be exercised, n re by the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, if such Regiment or Part of a Regiment were then in Ireland.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to provide for regulating the Warehousing of Spirits distilled from Com in Ireland, for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon; and to transfer the Custody of Spirits so warehoused, from the Commis-Boners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, tq the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irelandt and their Officers, [2pth April 1812.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of the Laws now in force

in Ireland, certain Acts, Matters and Things, relating to

the Warehousing of Spirits dillilled from Com in Ireland\ for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise payable (thereon, are placed under the Care, Management and Dtredion

of the Contmiffiowers of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and 1 of the Officers appointed by and acting under the said Commission- m; And whereas it is expedient that such Acts, Matters and 1 Things shall hereafter be transferred to and placed under the Care, Management and Direction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise asd Taxes 10 Ireland, and of the Officers appointed by or acting under the said lad mentioned Commissioners Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice

io6

C. 30.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1ir

DiAllkrsmay warehouse Spirits under Directions of Commissionen f Exrii'e.

[Proviso.]

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fa^ That, frofn and aftet the Expiration of Ten Days after the pafG of this Act, any former or other Act or A6fcs to the contrary then in any wise notwithstanding, it shall and may be lawfu} for e* Distiller or Maker of such Spirits, who is or shall be licensed to k| any Still exceeding One Hundred Gallons Content, to wareho his Spirits for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of 1 cife chargeable in Ireland thereon, according to the Provisions of 1 Act, and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said CJ missioners of Excise shall From time to time direct or order, m i of His Majesty's Warehousefc or Stores, to be provided by the i Commissioners of Excise, at any Port in Ireland in which, or in District in which such Port shall be situated, any Still exceeding ( hundred Gallons Content for the distilling of Spirits shall be lices by the said Commissioners of Excise: Provided always, that no Spi of a Strength less than a Strength equal to One to Ten over Hvi meter Proof, by such Hydrometer as shall be approved of by

Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Treafj

of Ireland shall be so warehoused; and that all such Spirits shall contained in Casks of not less than One hundred Gallons Conti and that there be marked on the Head of each Calk, in Letterl Figures cut therein, the Number of Gallons of Spirits in such Cl and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, at the time of Storing thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as Distiller shall intend to warehouse Spirits for Exportation, he shall j house Spirits, Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise who (hal and none shall be placed over the Distillery of such Distiller, and also to the Ex moved into Storekeeper at the Port of Exportation, of such his Intention! Warehouse with- which Notice shall be set forth the Number and Content in Gall

Distiller tb give Notice of Intention to wire-

cut Permit.

of each Calk which such Distiller intends to warehouse, and the and Hour of the Day on which such Distiller intends to commence Removal of such Spirits to the Warehouse or Stores, which shall not be more distant than Six Days, not* hearer than Three  from the time of such Notice: Provided always, that no Remora any Spirits for such Purpose shall be allowed wifhont a Permit taining such Particulars as shall be directed by the said Commissioi of Excise, which Permit shall be a sufficient Protection for Removal of such Spirits; and if any such Spirits shall be fouiH conveying frofn the Stores of any Distiller to any of His Majel Warehouses or Stores, and if the Carrier or Person conveying fi Spirits shall not, oft Demand of any Officet of Customs or Ex< produce such Permit authorising the Removal of such Spirits, lame shall be forfeited and may be seized by any such Officer; no such Removal shall take place on any Excise Office Holiday, commence at any Time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in Forenoon or after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon.

Officer 10

III. And be it further Enacted, That the Officer of Excise to iri

tend Removal of such Notice shall have been given in manner aforesaid, shall attera cp, nis, f T? J-ue Stores of every such Distiller at the Time mentioned a* afore ^mon^in such Notice, and such fficer shall continue there until the W* of the Spirits for which such Notice has been given shall be remo out of the Stores of such Distiller under Permit as afwtsaid; 1

Fnalry.

A.D. 181a.

52 GEO. III.

C.jo.07

that immediately after the Removal of such Spirits, such Officer shall

'-ake Stock on such Distiller, ancj set forth in the Stock Book the Decrease occasioned by the Removal of all such Spirits: And in case Notntmdving Whoie or any Part of the Spirits, for the Removal of which a ^P*1*

Perrr.it shall be granted as aforesaid, shall not be delivered into His Majeiy'i Warehouses or Stores within the time prescribed in the Strength, Permit or Permits for conveying the same, or in case such Spirits when fa delivered shall not be and remain of the same Strength and Quality ia every respect of which they were at the time of the grant- oi such Permit or Permits (except in cases of unavoidable Ne-l Hkj, proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioner, of Excise, or any Three of them), the Distiller of such Spirits, for the Removal of which out of his Stores a Permit shall have been granted as aforesaid, ji lor every Gallon of Spirits not so delivered, or which shall not

the Strength and Quality aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty. Shillings, and shall also forfeit One Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon > deficient in Quantity; and it shall be lawful for the Officer of Ex-t.: e to feizeand take out of the Stores of such Distiller, One Gallon of Spirits for every Gallou which shall be so deficient; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to withdraw and annul any Licence before that time granted to such DuliUer, if they shall think lit so to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately on the Arrival Storekeeper to such Spirits under proper Permit at His Majesty's Warehouse or take Account

the proper Officer shall gauge and take an Account of every and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and shall enter an Account thereof in a Book to be by him kept for the Purpose; and thereupon the Storekeeper shall receive the lame without Delay: r, u> His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, and shall deliver to the Dif- 'or or Person requiring the same for the Use of such Distiller, a Receipt for such Spirits, specifying the Number of the different Casks, v.<: h their Gauge, and the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits'ntained in them, with the Day of the Month and Year when - ich 6pint$ were stored, and any Marks which may be put on i: ch Casks by such Distiller for distinguishing the Spirits to be his Property.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Receipt shall be deli- Such Receipt pver within a reasonable Time, by every such Distiller, to the delivered by

in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, and such Officer shall immediately return to such Distiller a Copy thereof, signed by Credit far l.imLcli; and upon the Delivery of such Receipt, and not before, it same in Charge be lawful for such Officer to dedu& from the Number of Gal- agaitift DtAillef\ of Spirits with which such Distiller shall have been charged or c urxeabtr with Duty, the Number of Gallons so warehoused, and mom the Charge of Duty against the Distiller, to the Collector Excise, for the remaining Number of Galions, which shall be a V- against such Distiller accordingly j and every such Officer annex to such Return the Storekeeper's Receipt, as his Voucher for osving made such Deduction as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Spirits which shall be Spirits not ror varchoused shall not be taken or carried out of the Warehouse moved out o

RtofVS rvn any Armiint whaffmvpf. nthprwifp tKan in Mniinpr atlri Warehouse, ex-

log

A.D. 1812.

Notice by DHtiU ler of taking out 8pints for Exportation.

Decrease in Strength or Quantity of Spirits while warehoused.

[Penalty.]

Bond of Distilkr on Exportation.

Certificate thereof by Collector.

On Production of Collector* Certificate of Bonding, Storekeeper shall fend Spirits oo.boerd with s Permit, and under Care of ap Officer.

C. 30. 52 GEO. III.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so often as any Distilki warehousing Spirits in Ireland, or any Proprietor of such Spirits ft warehoused, shall he deiirous of shipping for Exportation aoy QuanUrj of such Spirits, such Distiller or Proprietor shall deliver to the Storekeeper, Five Days at least before the time when he intends to ihi| such Spirits, a Note in Writing, requiring such Storekeeper to dehwi such Casks as such Person may intend to export, specifying the Ntnn her of Casks, and the Quantity of Spirits intended to he shipped, ai set forth in the Receipt given to such Distiller by the Storekerpe at the time when such Spirits were admitted into the Warehouse 01 Stores, and mentioning the time when such Distiller or Proprietor pro poses to ship such Spirits, and the Name and Destination of the Shi] or Vessel in which inch Spirits are intended to be exported; and i shall be lawful for the Officer attending the Warehouse or Stores frost which such Spirits are to be taken, before the Delivery thereof fros such Warehouse or Stores, to mark every Cask of such Spirits witl such Mark as the said Commissioners of Excise shall direct; An< if any Spirits so intended for Exportation shall, after having bw received in His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, and before thei affcual Exportation, he altered in Quality, Quantity or Strength except by Decrease occasioned from Leakage, Waste or Accident all such Spirits, and the Casks containing the same, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue 0 Customs or Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Spirit shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse or Stores for Exportation, the Distiller or Proprietor intending to export the same, iKaB with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, give Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Double the Value of such Spirit and of the Excise Duty which would be due and payable thereon i such Spirts were taken out for Home Consumption (which Bom the Coue&or of Excise of the District is hereby authorised and ri quired so to take) conditioned that such Spirits shall (the Danger of the Seas or Enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at fad Port as shall be specified in such Bond, without Alteration in Qualir or Quantity, except what may be occasioned by Leakage, Waste a Accident, and shall not be landed in any other Place, nor reknded ii Ireland; and such Collector of Excise shall sign and give to fuel Distiller or Proprietor a Certificate of such DistillePs having entertt into such Bond.

IX. And be it farther enabled, That upon the Distiller or Pro prietor of such Spirits, or some Person on Behalf of such DistilkrProprietor, producing to the Storekeeper of the Warehouse or Storr the Certificate from Hie Collector, that such Bond and Security batl been given, the Storekeeper of such Warehouse or Stores shall delive such Spirts as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be exported and fuen Storekeeper shall cause the said Spirits to be sent under tb< Care of a propeT Officer, at the Expence of the Distiller or Pro

Snet or, to the Quay where the Ship or Vessel shall be stationed, then > be delivered into the Custody of the Shipping Officer of the Customs on such Quay, and shall at the same time grant a Permit fa the Quantity so sent, in which Permit shall be also mentioned the Pate when the Spirits were warehoused, and such other Particulars the Commissioners of Excise shall directnd appoint (which Perm*

(M

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 30. 109

y Aall be a sufficient Protection for the Removal of such Spirits); Not producing f mi if aor such Spirits shall be found conveying or carrying from Fnnit, &c.

!aaj of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores to the Quay, to be shipped for Exportation, and before their actual Shipment, and if the Carrier or Person carrying the same, or the Person in whose)Caiody the lame shall be, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Caftom or Excise, produce such Permit authorising the Removal of r foeh Spirit*, the dune shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer; and all such Spirits shall remain in the Care and Caflody of the Shipping Officer on the Quay until shipped or exported; and all such Spirits shall be shipped in the same Casks in which they were originally warehoused, with the Marks, Numbers ami Notes of the Contents thereon, except in cases of damaged or kaky Casks, which may be changed with the Leave of the Com-iffiooen of Inland Excise and Taxes, or of the Chief Officer of the Fort, and like Marks shall be cut on the Head of each new Calk as had been cut on the leaky or damaged Cask; and all such Spirits ffisD be shipped only in such Vessels as, by Law, Spirits of Irish Manufacture may be shipped for Exportation, subject to all Regularises, Forfeitures and Penalties, in respect of relanding or unftupping the same, as are or may be contained in any Act or Acts respecting Spirits dripped from Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain or enewhere, and as are not contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller so warehousing Spirits taken Spirits for Exportation, or other Proprietor thereof, shall desire to out for Home take the lame, or any Quantity thereof not less than Five hundred Consumption in Galions, out of His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, for Home Con- 55rt, '".(caption, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller so to do, on Quam, tief* paying to the Collector of Excise for the District, the full Amount of the Duty of Excise on Spirits, payable in respect of such Spirits, for the Quantity which each and every such Cask contained at the rineof its being warehoused, together with a Sum, after the Rate of Ta Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, on the Anouat of the said Duties, from the Expiration of Four Calendar Matfht after the Day of (taring such Spirits, till the time of taking the same out for Home Consumption; and upon the Production of the CoUedor's Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper, it shall be tarhil for him to discharge the Casks mentioned in the Colie dor's Receipt, and to deliver a Permit for the Conveyance of the fume to the DUriQer or Premrietor thereof, or to such Place as such Driller w Proprietor shall dimed or require, which Permit shall be a sufficient -

Pittman for the Removal of such Spirits; and if any such Spirits Is&be found conveying or carrying, and if the Carrier or Person. conveyhg the same, or the Person in whose Custody the same shall be,

Watt, on Demand of any Officer of Customs or Excise, produce (bdi Permit authorising the Removal of such Spirits, the same shall hr (bricked* and may be foised by any such Officer. Penalty.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Spirits so warehoused may Warehous& he moved* at the Desire of the Distiller or Proprietor thereof, from Spirits may be His Majestiy*t Warehouse or Stores at any one Port, to the like removed from " "*-' Port to Port.

WiKpoafe or More, at any other Jrort as atorementioned, under Regulations as the ihid Commissioners of Excise (hah order inSg& thereof.

Distiller may

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for t\ weekly view and Distiller or Proprietor of any such Spirits so to be lodged m ai W houftU Warehouse or Stores as aforesaid, in the Presence of the Stor are 0 e* keeper, who is hereby required to attend at all reasonable times f that Purpose not oftener than once a Week, to view, rttambc at shew for Sale, such Spirits, or any Part thereof, and to examine tl Rate of the Cafos, and to prevent Leakage or Damage theteiir.

After Four

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall remai

Time at Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, after having been receive Commissionm therein under the Provisions of this Act, for more than Four^Cnlendj may allow. Months, or such further time as the said Commissioners of Excise, c

Spirits ware- any Three of them (half appoint, on special Application made to then

IvouTed shall be shall jmd may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Thre of them, to direct, that such Spirits shall be publicly fold, giving * Seven Days public Notice thereof; and the Produce arising from fuel

Sale fhaR be applied in the First Place to the Discharge of alt thi Duties thereon, computing such Duties on the Number of Gallon which each and every Calk contained at the time of its being ware bouCbd, without any Allowance for Waste or Leakage, together wit! a Sum, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Found* b} the Year, on the Amount of the said Duties, nrom the Expiration ol Four Calendar Months after the storing of such Spirits, until the Sale thereof; and the Remainder, after deducting all Expence oi Warehousing and Sale, shall be paid over' to the Distiller of fitch Spirits.

Drawback al-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any lowed on Export- such Spirits which shall have been warehoused in manner aforesaid, no ation of Spina. Drawback or Allowance whatever shall be given or paid, other than and except a Drawback of Ten pence British Currency upon every Gallon of such Spirits, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and confomed in the making of such Spirits, or other than and except such other Drawbacks which shall or may by Law from time to time hereafter, as Occasion may require, be granted, given or allowed; which Drawback is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, subject to all Rules and Regulations in force iu Ireland respecting Drawbacks.

Regulations in

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made

46 G. 3. c. 88. in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

47 G. 3. Se .2. jq to provide for the regulating and securing the Collision of the Duties as to warehousing on Spirts distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Spirits, repealed. Exportation; and also so much of another Act, made in the Forty

seventh Yiear of His said Majesty's Reign, for amending the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, as relate to the warehousing of Spirit* diddled in Ireland for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable in Ireland thereon, shall be and the fsme are hereby repealed.

Recovery of

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the-Fme^ Penalties. Penalties and Forfeiture* inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be fned for and recovered, levied'and applied, in such Manner and' Form, and y such Ways and Mean*, and with such Powers and Authorities ware fre-scribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament 14 & 15 Car. a. made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Year* 06 the Rag* (I.) SriT.4* c. 8. of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the

4.

A Bh

5* GECX IH. C. 30, 31,

the Extifi qr new Impofl upon His Majesty, hi* Heirs and Sw? wfors9 affording to the Book of Rates thetein iffertfid; or in and by a? jEft, made io the Forty sixth Year of Hislprefen* Majesty* Reign* wtisultd An Act to provide for the better Execution (rf the fevered Ado 46 G. 3. c. 106. rdafing to the Revenue*) Matter4 and Thing* under the Management of the Qemmfoners of Customs and Port Dufies, and of the Commissionero of behind Excise and Taxes in Ireland*or in and by any other Act or Ad* in force in freland relating to FI is Majesty's Revenue of Eyifr, as fully and effectually, to aH, Intents, Conftrpdion* and Rwpofrfi, as if the lame were particularly rpentioned and expressed and re-esa&ed in this Act; with like Remedy of Appeal to and for AppeiL the Party or Parties who shall think him? her or them^lyes aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Inland, cehting to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise ia provided.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act maybe amended. Ad altered, &c. abend or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this patient Scfea of Parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of die Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers or Mariners.

[aoth April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Thirty,

' II ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act 39 Eli*, c. 17.

ogasmfl lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers repealed.)

ir Mariners, fbonld be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Patimcot assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Relief of Infant Suitors4n Courts of Equity, entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds, aansferrable at the Bank of EnglandL

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS Inconvenience has been experienced from the ' ff Want of Authority/ in, the Courts of Chancery and Ex-

chooser to direct for the Use of Infonta the Payment of the Di-S udods of Stock belonging to such Infants, and Handing in their

times in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of ' Eojisnd: May R therefore please Your Majesty that it may be undid; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty,

If aid with the Adrian and Cortlent of the Lords Spritual and tcupool, and Codunoos, in thisprefept Parliament assembled, and kj tk Authority of the fipune. That, from and after the passing of Court of Chan-tlniAd, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Courts of Chan- eery or Exche-enmd Exchequer respectively, in any Cause depending or here- quer may order afartebcf dtpeoding in the said Courts respectively, to order and ^, v, |*en!?s * fad dl or any Dividends due and belonging or hereafter to become hud bekagwg to aoy Infant or Infonts, Parties to any such Cause, fantJj to be paid

on

XI2

A.D. 181:

to Guardians Maintenance Infants, &c.

[Public Act.]

46 G. 3.C.Xwa*ued.

C. 32, 33. 52 GEO. III.

for on any of the Public or other Stocks, Funds or Annuities whatsoH of transferrable or which shall or may hereafter be made transferable the Books of the Governor and Compimy of the Bank of Ertglat {landing in the Name or Names of such Infant or Infants, and to whi such Infant or Infants 16 or are beneficially entitled, to be paid to a Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants respectively, or any other Person or Persons, according to the Diurretion of fu Courts respectively, to or for the Maintenance and Education, otherways for the Use and Benefit of such Infant or Infants; fu Guardian or Guardians, or other Person or Persons, to whom fa Payment is directed to be made, being named in the Order directi such Payment; and the Receipt, Acquittance or Discharge of fa Guardian or Guardians, or other Person or Persons fb named for ft] Dividend or Dividends, or Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be ordered and directed to be paid to them, or any Part thereof, shall as good, valid and effectual, at all times and to all Intents and Pi poles whatsoever, both at Law and in Equity, to and for the fi Governor and Company of the Bank of England, against such Inf or Infants to whom such Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums Money have been or shall be due and belong, his, her or their Exa tors. Admin id ra tors or Assigns, as if such Receipt, Acquittance Discharge, had been actually signed by such Infant or Infants, afi he, she or they had actually attained his, her or their Age of Majorii and were capable by Law of signing and giving the same; and t! this Act shall be, and is hereby declared to be a full and complete ] demnity and Discharge to the said Governor and Company of t Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all Things done permitted to be done pursuant thereto; and this Act shall be deera and taken as a Public Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. xxxiii.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months afi the Conclusion of the present War, an Act made in the F01 sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Impon tion of Mads, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Pi poses, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty fr<

[20th April 18r.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Exj

W rience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedk

that the same should be further continued Be it therefore enact by the King'8 Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice a Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tl present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fart

17. That an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majest] Reign, intituled An Act to permit, until the First Day of January C thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Mafis, Yards a Bo*wJpr'Us, or of Timberfit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colon \ in North America Duty free; which said Act was by Two Acts the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March Onetho land eight hundred and twelve, shall, from and after the said Twen fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundredjmd twelve, be a

t!

A.D. 181t.

52 GEO. III.

tie l*me is hereby further continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making perpetual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Relief of Debtors; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed.

[20th April 1812.]

1 an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of

YV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

making perpetual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign

1 mf His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Relief of Vtkers with rcfbeB to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a cer-

ton Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the A3,

to nude Discovery of and deliver upon Oath their Estates, for their

4 Creditors Benefit: And whereasin the said Act made in the Thirty^G

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Benefits of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late 3*0,

Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief of*'* 1 Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Perf on/, and to oblige

4 Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a Certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to 1 nude Discovery of and deliver upon Oath their Estates for their Crt-1 &tori Benefit, were extended to divers Persons not mentioned in

the said Act made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second 1 And whereas the Provisions of the said Acts made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty and in 1 the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectroiy require, that Debtors and others confined in any County or

other Gaol above the Space of Twenty Miles from Westminster Hall, or the Court or Courts under the Process whereof any such

Debtors or others are confined, defitous to avail themselves of the

Benefits of the Provisions of the said Act, should apply by Petition to such Court or Courts, and authorize such Court or Courts, on f bring satisfied as therein mentioned, to order or cause such Debtors or others so petitioning to be brought to the Assizes which shall beholden for the County or Place where he, she or they shall be

ioprilbned, and further require that the Matter of the said Petition iwdd at the time of the Assizes held for the County or Place where he, she or they shall be imprisoned, be heard by the Judge of Assize on the Crown Side: And whereas there are many Gaols feuate within local or particular Jurisdictions, for which no Assizes are ever or seldom if ever held, or at which Assizes there may be no Judge of Assize on the Crown Side, and other Gaols at considerable Distances from any Place where Assizes are usually held,

4 by reason whereof such Debtors and others as are confined therein and would be efitftled to the Benefits of the said Acts cannot avail

52 Geo. III.*I 4 themselve*

A.D. 181

Debtors may be brought before J udices at General Sessions instead of a Judge of Assize, &c.

Brovisions of recited Acts extended to this Act.

C34. $29 CEO. Hi.

ttienlfelrtt thereof in the rtanner intended by the said Act: A whereas great Hardship arises to such Persons therefrom, andi

desirable to give them Relief in the Premises; and that such Co

or Courts, on being satisfied as aforesaid, should be further aotl

rized to order or cause all Debtors and others entitled to the ]

nefit of the said Acts, or any of them, petitioning as aforefi

to be brought up, and the Matter of their Petitions heard bef

the Justices afferabled at any General or Quarter Sessions of

Peace to be holden within the Distance of Twenty Miles of 1

Gaol in which any such Debtors or others may be confined

it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by 1 with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the I thority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act( shall and may be hwful for such Court or Courts to order fi*Debtors and others to be brought up before any Justices of the Pc assembled at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which ll be mentioned in any Petition of any such Debtors or others tc holden for any County, City, Liberty, Franchise or Jurisdict within the Distance of Twenty Miles of the Gaol wherein fi Debtors or others so petitioning shall be confined, instead of order such Debtors or others to be brought up before a Judge of Affizd all cases where such Court or Courts shall think proper so to do, i such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace mall be holden eil| nearer in point of Distance from such Gaol or of Time than 1 Assizes at which such Judge of Assize would be present would holden 5 and the Justices so assembled in General or Quarter Seffii before whom any such Debtors or others shall be brought in p fuance of any such Order, are required to hear and determine I Matter of such Petition, and do and perform all other such Matt and Things to the same Effect and in the same manner, as neat may be, as by the said recited Act of the Thirty second Year His late Majesty King George the Second, the Judge of Affixe the Crown Side is required to do and perform; and all Orders mi by such Justices shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had b made in the Court or Courts out of which Process against fu Debtors or others had iisued, and the same shall be made Reca of such General or Quarter Sessions, and Copies thereof shall fri thence be transmitted signed by the Person prodding at such Gene or Quarter Sessions to the Court or Courts out of which Process 1| issued against such Debtors or others, to be a Record of such Coi or Courts, and kept among the Records thereof; and all Ena ments, Provisions, Directions, Powers, Authorities, Pains, Penalty Liabilities, Benefits, Advantages and Protections or Indemnities the said Acts or either of them contained, applicable to any Matter Thing to be done before any Judge of Assize or by any Person in o\ dience to any Order made, the Authority of the said Acts or eith of them, or otherwise under or in pursuance of any Provisions in t! said Acts or either of them contained, shall be and the same 2 hereby declared respectively to extend to and comprehend and be a plicable to all like Matters and Things by this Act authorised to 1 done before any such Justices so assembled in such General or Quart! Sessions, or by any Person in obedience to any Order or Orders ma< under the Authority of this Act or otherwise^ under or in pu 11 iuaiM

A.D. 1812.

*5

52 GEO. III.

C-34. 35-

/sauce of any Provision thereof, or authorised to be done by virtue thereof, in as full and ample a manner as if aH and every the Ckufes and Provisions in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, touching every Matter and Thing which might be done under the said recited Acts or either of them, had been fully and distinctly tv-waded and set forth in this Act, with apt Words to make them Part of and applicable to this Act.

1*IL And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of 3* c-

the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Re-a4#

hef of Debtors with respeS to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to obBgt Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prifim beyond a 4 certain Time* and for Sums not exceeding <what are mentioned in the 4 A8, to make Discoroery of and deliver upon Oath their Estates for their

Creditors, Benefit, it is, amongst other things, provided that no

0 Person or Persons who had then taken or Should thereafter take the Benefit of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, Should

lave or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, or he deemed to be within the Meaning thereof, So as to gain any i* D&barge, unless compelled by any Creditor to discover and deliver

up ha or her Estate and Effects: And whereas it is expedient that the Said recited Provisions in the said Act should be repealed Be

it eaaded by the Authority aforesaid, That the Same shall be and is r*p*a)ed hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXV.

Ad to prohibit all Intercourse between t\\e Island of Jamaica

1 and certain Parts of the Island of Saint Domingo.

i [20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Intercourse between the 4 W Island of Jamaica and certain Parts and Places of the 14 Ifbnd of Saint Domingo Should cease and determine Be it enacted hr the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and safest of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in lbs present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Tint, horn and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no British Ship or Vessel shall, for any Purpose Ur under any Pretence whatever, Sad from any Port or Place in the Iflmd of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the lflaod of Scant Do miugo, nor from any Port or Place in the Island of Saint Domingo to my ton, or Place in the Island of Jamaica, except 88 is herein after wacted, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of any Such Ship or Vtfid, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Ththkaod Apparel.

IL. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ship or Vessel, whether laden or in Ballast, shall come into any Port in the Island of hmeka, if such Ship or Vessel shall have come from, or shall in the CmrSe of her Voyage have touched at any Port or Place in the Island of Sant Domingo; and if any such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall land my Pevibo from on board the Same, or shall continue in any Port or Hahoar of the said Island of Jamaica, for Forty eight Hours after Mstke shall be given by the principal Officer of the Customa residentthe Port to depart therefrom, such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall

I a bt

Intercourse be. tween Jamaica

and StJDominga prohibited.

Exception.

Ptnaky

Hew long Foreign Vesseli. having touched at StDomiago suffered to remain in Porta of Jamaica.

[Penalty.]

tl&

FrovHb for that Part of St. Do-ming> under Spanish Gt>-verument;

And for His Majesty's Ship* of War.

Vessel*, fcc. lw-ble to Forfeiture, may be seized by any Cotr minder of His Majesty's Ships of War, itc. and may be sued for in manner d^retfed by 49 G. 3. c. 107.

How Forfeiture* disposed of.

4 0.3- c. 15.

Proof on Owner.

G.3J. $* GEO. III. A.D. 1811

be forfeited, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Arams nition, Tackle and Apparel.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notbingi this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to tl prohibiting of any Intercourse which may be carried on by any La or Laws now in force between the said Island of Jamaica and an Port or Place in the said Island of Saint Domingo, which now i* 1 shall be in the Possession of, and under the Dominion of the fyttj Government, while the same shall continue in and under such rofii fion and Dominion.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing inti Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevents of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War from failing from any Pa or Place in the said Island of Jamaica to any Port or Place in t! said Island of Saint Domingo, nor from any Port or Place in the fa Island of Saint Domingo, to any Port or Place in the said Island Jamaica.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels and Gooc liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, shall and mi be seized by the Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vess< of War, or any Commi(Boned, Warrant or Petty Officer by hi specially authorised, or by any Officer of His Majesty's Custoni and shall and may be sued for and prosecuted, in fpcu and the lil manner, and by the same Ways and Means, and subject to the lil Rules and Directions, as any Forfeitures incurred in the British Col nies or Plantations in America, by force of any Act of Parliame relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies or Plan! tions, may now be sued for and prosecuted in pursuance of an A pa{Ted in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majest intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties and Fc feitures incurred in the Britirn Colonies and Plantations in Amend and such Ships, Vessels and Goods, shall be lodged and deposited the Custody of the Officers mentioned in the said Act, and shall i subject to the other Provisions thereof, in like manner as if the fat were herein repeated; and the Commanders or Officers of any Shi or Vessels of War, and the Officers of the Customs, in making a| prosecuting any such Seizures, shall have the Benefit of all the Pi visions made by any Act of Parliament for the Protection of Offic* seizing and prosecuting any Ships, Vessels or Goods, for any Offcn against any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Forfeitures incurred i this Act shall go and belong to such Person and Persons, and in fu< Shares and Propositions as any Forfeitures incurred in the Brb\ Colonies or Plantations in America now go and belong to, and mi now be distributed and applied under and by virtue of a certain Act Parliament made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies aua Pk tations in America, and for other Purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, < any Goods laden thereon, shall be seized under the Provisions of th Act, and any Dispute shall arise whether the said Ship or Vessel ha failed, or the Goods laden thereon had been brought from any Port* Place in the Island of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the Island 1

Sai

52 GEO. ra.

C. 35, 36.

117

Saha Domingo, or from any Port or Place in the Ifhrnd of Saint Domingo to any Port or Place in the I Hand of Jamaica, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, in such case the Proof thereof dull he upon the Owner or Claimer of such Ship or Vessel or Goods, and not upon the Officer who shall seize or Hop the same 5 and in case no fumcient Proof shall be given by the Owner or Claimer -offach Ship or Vessel, or the Goods laden thereon, of the Port or Pbce from and to which such Goods had been brought and such Ship or Veiy did really and bona Jide fail, then such Ship or Vessel shall, without any further Proceeding, be taken and held to have failed, and the Goods laden thereon /l^all be taken and held to have been brought from one of the said Islands to the other, contrary to the Provisions of this Act; any JLaw, Custom or Usage, in any of the Colonies or ^flaotations to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ships or Vessels, ^wry Goods whatever, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue or in poduance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Comraif-iooert of the Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, on J&bnce being given to their Satisfaction that the Forfeiture arose '^without any fraudulent Proceeding, or Design or Intention of Fraud jpthe Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ships or Vessels or Goods, by any Writing (igoed by them, or any Four of them, to order the woe to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, in such manner sad on such Terms and Conditions as under the circumstances of the case shall appear to the said Commissioners to be just and reasonable, jjktd as they shall think fit to direct; and if the said Proprietor or mupnetors shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by pbe said Commissioners, the same shall be restored accordingly and p dull not be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall have seized inch Ships, Vessels or Goods, or any other Person or Persons what-|twr an his or their Behalf, to proceed in any manner for the Condem-thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not complyfch the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commil-^iosRi, such Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and he and they rfcaad are hereby authorised to proceed for the Condemnation of such tafcipt or Vessels, or Goods, as if this Law had not been made: Pro-lUided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall accept the iTenns and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such rPtoprietor or Proprietors shall not Have or be entitled to any Recommence or Damages on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Ships or Vessels or Goods, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the same; any Law, C.uftom or Usage, to the contrary notwith-fasfing.

Commissioners of Customs may rest ore Forfeiture on Conditions, if proved that it was incurred without fraudur lent Design.

Proven,

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for granting additional Duties on Mahogany not imported from the Bay of Honduras, and for reducing the Duties on certain Species of Wood imported from the said Bay.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Customs 4 W should be imposed upon Mahogany not imported directly from Bermuda, or from any of the rtahama Islands, or not imported dprtdly from the Bay of Honduras, and on any Mahogany being

C. 3

5 a6 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Additional Duty on Mahogany herein dcfcnbed:

To be <ecured by Bond.

43 0.3. c. 13*.

War Duty payable Six Months after Ratification of Definitive Treaty.

Duty paid on Mahogany taken out of Warehouse after July s i8n, although imported before that Day.

How Duties levied.

tJnmanufa&ored Wood imported from Bay of

Honduras to pay

the Growth of any other Country or Place; Be it therefore enadi by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ai Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tk present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Th from and after the Fifth. Day of July One thousand eight hundn and twelve, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional permanei and temporary or War Duties of Customs on Mahogany imported ini Great Britain, not being imported directly from Bermuda, or froi any of the Bahama Hlands, or not imported directly from the Ba of Honduras, and on any Mahogany being the Growth of any othe Country or Place, as the same are respectively inserted, described an set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A..).

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereb1 imposed may be secured by Bond under the Regulations of an Ac passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled An Act for permitting certain Hoods imported into Orea Britain, to be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, as fall under the Title oi Description of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payabh during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Month] after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs shall be charged and payable on any Mahogany enumerated or described in the said Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place where the same shall have been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, notwithstanding such Mahogany may have been imported into Great Britain before the said Fiftii Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner and by the same Means, Ways and Methods as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation and improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and reloaded in this Act.

VI. And whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on certain unmanufactured Wood imported into Great Britain, directly from the Bay of Honduras, should be lowered; Be it therefore

AJLiSii.

52G5aiJL

0.35, 37.

ended. That, from and after the Fifth Day of Julg One thou- same DuryVt hundred and twelve, any unmanufactured Wood not being It enumerated ox described, and on whjjph the Duties of c^ooiei. mi due on the Importation are payable according to the Value them( being of the Growth and Production of the Briti/i Limits nahii the Province of Tucatan in the Bav of Honduras* shall and may be imported into Great Britain direUy from the said Bay, on Pay-meat of inch and the like Duties only as are due and payable on un-jnwfWhnrd Wood of the like Description of the Growth and Pro-da$k of the British Colonies or Plantations in America j any Law,

Ctfog or Usage to the contrary uo twit branding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all ponies arising from How duty time to time from such of the said Duties hereby imposed (the necef- applied, hry Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Mjnety'ft Exchequer at Westminster* and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, mtknfed An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable 49 O. $. c. 98. m Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof* are respectively directed to be appropriated and applied.

TABLE to whicK this Act refers. TABLE (A.)

A Table of additional Duties of Customs payab)c ob Mahogany imported into Great Britain. Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

Mahogany not imported directly*] horn Bermuda or from any of the Bahama I Hands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or being the Growth of1 any other Country or Place, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Wright J*t. top  t. d. P*3 4

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Eari WeBmgton and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Eari Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent' Smites.

[20th April 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your mod; Gracious Message 1 W to the House of Commons, has been pleased to declare tint Your Majestr, having tafceo into Your Royal Consideration the (omest apd signal Serversperformed by General Lord Vilqount 1 Htfapon in the Couffc of a 5^9its

1*0

A.D. 1812.

jo G.$. Ci8*

Annuity of a.ooool. granted in Additfoa to that under JO G. 3. c. 8.

Pay a We Quarterly.

Debenture* vn'xfe forth at Exchequer for Payment.

C. 37. 52 GEO. III.

in the Campaigns in Spain and Portugal\ and being desirous to roa

the Sense You entertain of Services so honorable to the Brit Arms, and so eminently beneficial to the Interests of the Natio

have conferred upon General Lord Viscount Wellington and t 4 Heirs Male of his Body the Rank and Dignity of an Karl of t 4 United Kingdom, by the Name, Stile and Title of Earl WelRngfo and Your Majesty being further desirous of granting to the Earl Wellington a Net Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, in additi to the Annuity already granted by Parliament, and subject to t

fame Limitations impofea in that Grant, recommended it to yo faithful Commons to enable His Majesty to grant and settle fu Annuity, and to make such further Provision as aforesaid, as m 4 be thought most effectual for the Benefit of General the Earl Wellington and his Family; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful a loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in P liament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's Most gracie Intention, $0 most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it fcnay enabled 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majest by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tn poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and the Authority of the same, That in Addition to the Annuity alreai granted to the said Earl, then Viscount Wellington, by an A (El pifl in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled v Jiff for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Weilingtc and the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Viscount Welling*

shall defeend, in Consideration of hit eminent Services, one other A nuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of laws Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of 11 charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Brito\ (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliame to be paid out of the same) but with Preference to all other Pq meats which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable 0 of the said Fund, and the same shall from time to time be paidQiu terly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, Manner and Form following; that is to say, to the said Earl If ling ton, for and during the natural Life of the said Earl WelltngH and from and after his Decease, unto the Two next succeeding He Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington, on whom the Tit) Honour and Dignity of Earl Wellington shall defeend, for and durii their natural Lives 5 which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum fill commence and take Effect from the Fifth Day of January Ol thousand eight hundred and twelve; the First Payment to be col puted from the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundr and twelve, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundq and twelve; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at tl Four usual Days of Payment in the said Year; that is to say, tl Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Dayj January, and the Fifth Day of April, in each and every Year^ even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury I being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the I chequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being,

tl

A.D. 1812.

in

ja' GEO. III.

C-37-

are hereby authorised and required by Warrant under their Hawds, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now wad for the time being, to make forth and pass Debeiftures from rime to time for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in mauner as aforesaid; and as the lame shall irwa time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part ikereof; which said Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth md pafScd thereupon shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respectrvt Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sam to the hid Earl Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington, at the respective Quarterly Feist Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Annuity not Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according dtermwable. to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and shall ot be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demile of His Mweiy (whom God long preserve), or of any of His Heirs or Suc-reflor5, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Com-ndEtonert of the Treasury or the Lord High Trealuer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the No Facto be Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the"

time being. Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlain and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministera of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof now and for the tine being, shall and they are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters ad Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be ne-ceStrj to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed, dfedual

V. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquit- Acquittance of

tances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Earl Wellington, and, gtoa

Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wei-

Eagton on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and (efficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf 5 and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and wry Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Im. pofitioas and other Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the Officmof the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or regkdto pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Ad necessary to enable the said Earl Wellington and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wei-lugtto 00 whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Welling tn Hull defend, to receive the same, then the said Earl Wellington, and t.ie Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl t 00 whom the said Title shall defeend, may from time to

Annuity not be aliened.

Provision

48 G. 3. C.tll.

49 G. 3. C. 4.

c. 37, 38. 52 Geo. ui.

time fuc, profectite and implead Inch Officers or any of them, tkj Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Acboa < Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment and sue out Executing thereupon against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Execute or Administrators, for so much of such Sum 9f Sums of Money the due and owing- upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or q Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or 01 cere of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times wha Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the fcj Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by iuc Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Real or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the same is by ffi Act vested in the said Earl Wellington* and the Two next succeedttj Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington to whom th said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Wellington dull defeend; an the same or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereaftt be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or encumbered by the hi Earl Wellington or by either of the Two next succeeding Heirs Md of the Body of the said Earl Wellington on whom the said Title (ha] defeend, for any' greater or larger Estate or Times than during th natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, chugioj or encumbering the same, so as to prevent the same from defeendiaj to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said al Wellington to whom the said Title of Earl Wellington shall defend according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia ii

England.

[20th April 1812.

WHEREAS the Local Militia, as by Law established, hi < been found of the utmost Importance to the internal Defeno

of this Realm: And whereas it is necessary, in the present Circum ' (lances of Europe, that the said Force should be permanently main ' tained; And whereas the Laws now in force for regulating tb<

Local Muitia require Amendment; and it is expedient that some of the Provisions contained in the several Acts relating to the same

should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, aw| 4 that new Provisions should be made; and it would greatly tend totb

better Execution thereof if the Whole of the said Provisions weri

comprized in One Act of Parliament: And whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, that certain Acts and Parts of Acts novr in force should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King'll Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of toe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a{Tenbledf and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Low Militia Force, wider certain Rejlri3ions, for the Vefence of the Realm; and also Three several Acts, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Local Militia, the odc intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an 4&> Mf*, B

the

D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

23

Ljl Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a moment Local Militia Force, under certain ReJlr181onsy for the De-

of the Realm; the other intituled An Act to amend several Acts^c. 82. in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local i: id; and the other intituled An Act to prevent the enlijiing of q c. 120 Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or iriry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong; and and also so much m., of another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of 50 G. 5. c. 35.: ' j pre: Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating a* relate* to

e Local Militia of Great Britain, as relates to the Local Militia, 1-ocal Militia, and the same are hereby repealed; and that the Local Mi-raised by virtue of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year afore- n<^oaffeft shall, rrom and after the passing of this Act, be subject to all the Commissioni# non and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the re--Uag of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or any or either of iJl not affect any Commission already granted under or by -i- of the said Acts, or any or either of them, but that all such or.-s to whom any such Commissions shall have been granted, shall: may act in the Execution of this Act, in like manner as they it have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any: r of them: Provided also, that so many of the Serjeants, Cor- Militi* di. Drummers and private Local Militia Men as are now serving now^i.ie several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, shall be liable continue to serve _oriiinue to serve in the same Manner and for the same Length of as if Act had taey ought to have served if this Act had not been made, and not been roade*

11 be liable and subject to the same Penalties, Pains, Fines and rfeitures for any Offence which they may have respectively com- tied previous to the passing of this Act, in the same manner as if 1 Offence had not been committed till after the passing of this Act

I from tune to time, in every case where it shall beneceflary to sup-Deficiency in the Number of private Local Militia Men of any -ty. Riding or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to; y such Deficiency shall be raised, provided and enrolled, and shall i ra the manner and for the time directed by and under and ac-rding to the Provisions, Rules and Regulations of this Act.

And be it further enacted, That the several Lieutenants of Coun- Lieutenants, in the Absence of the Lieutenant, the Vice Lieutenant or any shall appoint Deputy Lieutenants duly authorised by His Majesty, shall Officers, full Power and Authority, and are hereby required from time to to constituie and appoint such Persons as they shall thinkfit9 g qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their re-; vc Counties, Ridings and Places, or within some adjacent Coun-R dings or Places, to be Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors.r tv r Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline - comiraud the Persons to be so armed and arrayed according to the - % Orders and Directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify His Maj lly the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be 1 ^ted; and in case his Majesty shall, within Fourteen Days after Certificate shall have been laid before Him, signify His Disappro-of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful 1 e said Lieutenants to grant a Commission to any Person so dif- ed, but Commissions shall be granted to all such Persons who not be disapproved by His Majesty; and the Officers so appointed be Xocal Militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed.

shall

A.D. 1812.

C. 38.

52 GEO. III.

Rank in Local Militia of Officers who have served in

elementary Militia.

shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular Milim Rank cf Officers, youngest of their Rank: Provided always, that no higher Rank 11 be given in any Regiment of Local Militia than that of Lieutea Colonel Commandant, except in Cases where the Commandant fl have served with the Rank of Colonel in His Majesty's Reg! Foroes, or Regular or Supplementary Militia or Fencibles, or be Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, lieutenant

III. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Local Mil

Colonels Com- holding the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, shall ti 10 com- Rank of and command all other Lieutenant Colonels serving io CoLnebUlenant Local Militia, notwithstanding the Commission, of the I Lieutenant Colonels should be of a prior Date to the Commifi of such Lieutenant Colonels Commandant 5 and that Officers of Local Militia shall rank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Voluri Corps, according to the Dates of their respective Commissions: I vided always, That every Officer of Local Militia, who shall h held any Commission in any Volunteer Coras at the time of his coming an Officer of the Local Militia, shall be entitled to rank the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to Date of his Commission of the same Rank in the Volunteers.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Po who shall have held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or 1

nave tervea 1 ta^on Regular or Supplementary Militia, and who may be Regular^cM^Sup- pointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of h'Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall rank as Colo

according to the Date of his Commission, in the Local Militia; every Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, as long as shall continue to act as such, who shall be appointed to the Comm of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforesaid, shall n as Colonel, according to the Date of hit Commission in the h Militia $ and every Person who shall have served in the Regxilai Supplementary Militia as a Commissioned Officer, and by reafot the Reduction of such Militia shall have ceased to hold such Ra shall, if appointed to a like Commission in the Local Militia, r according to the Date of his first Commission: Provided alw that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Mil shall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than 1 of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Off in the Local Militia, already granted or to be granted by aoy L tenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacJ by reason of the Revocation, Expiration or Discontinuance of Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of ci have Chief Com- County, Riding or Place, shall have the Chief Command of

k*1 Docal Militia within the County, Riding or Place, to which b 1, u* appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be pointed Officers of the Local Militia, in pursuance of this & shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every Person to be pointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall be seised or possessed eithei Law or Equity for his own Use and Benefit in Possession of a Ft

2k

Commission* net revoked by Re vocation of Power of Grantor.

Lieutenant to

Qualifications of Officer*

iS

J2 Geo. in.

C. 3I

9 of or Customafy Estate for Life, or for the Life of his e, flie having a Freehold, of or Customary Estate for or for some greater Estate, or of an Estate for some long9of Years, determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in No, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Env-t Waits or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly fee of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some |pft who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the yearly Value of One thousand two hundred: and every Person so to be appointed a Major, shall in like (for be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the dj Valoe of Four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of F Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Eight hundred Pounds;

Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall in like manner be pfleffed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of and fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or shall j&fDmkger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the time of jpfatth was in like manner seised orpoflefled of a like Estate as Aid of the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, or shall him-be possessed of Real or Personal Property to the Amount in the rfe of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and every Person so ^appointed Lieutenant shall in like manner be seised or possessed iJflae Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds,

aB be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of on hundred and fifty Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and find Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand Jmadred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of ae as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or t be or who at the time of his Death was possessed of a 1 Estate alone to the Amount of One thousand five hundred or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds; and that every k so to be appointed an Ensign, shall in like manner be seised or of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Twenty pris, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the of Four hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real al Estate together to the Amount or Value of Eight hun-or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the f ids Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like i aforesaid of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or who or who at the time of his Death was possessed of a Per-i alone to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, or seised I of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or of One thousand two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that Provfc who shall have held any Commission in His Majesty's Army, or in the Regular or Supplementary Militia, or in Regiment, or who shall have transferred himself toge-khis Corps or any Part thereof, from the Volunteers into 1 Militia with His Majesty's Approbation, shall be eligible qualified to hold the lame Rank in the Local Mmtia,

although

i a 6

C. 38.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 18

Leafet for Live* of 3coLper Ann. deemed equal to Qualification hereinbefore required of iool. per Ann. and so propositionally.

Effetes granted for 0 Yean, of an annual Value equal to Value of Eftites required for Qualifications sufficient.

although not qualified as hereinbefore directed; any thing in this to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That theia diate Reversion or Remainder of and in Manors, Messuages, La Tenements or Hereditaments, which ave leased for One Life, 01 Two or Three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable the Death of One Life, or of Two or Three Lives, on referred R< and which are to the Lessee or Letters of the dear yearly Vah Three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate bet before required as a Qualification of the early Value of One how Pounds, and so in Proposition to the several other Qualificadon quired by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a Person possessed ia Lai Equity, for his own Use and Benefit in Possession, of an Effete a certain Term originally granted for Twenty Years or more, a annual Value (over and above all Rents and Charges payable out i in respect of the same), equal to the Value of such an Estate required for the Qualification of a Commissioned Officer of the L Militia respectively, and situate as aforesaid, shall be, and is h deemed and declared to be sufficiently qualified to ad in the Ei tion of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall bereifte appointed to a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lk

*im Vrr*' nant> untI^A have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of delivered to n County, Riding or Place, for which he shall be appointed, or (is Absence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a specific icription in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, tfe the Parish or Parishes m which the Estate or Estates which for* Qualification, is or are situate, if the same be a Real Estate; 0 the same be a Personal Property, then of the Particulars of 1 Personal Property; or if the Qualification arise from Service it Majesty's Regular Foroes, Regular or Supplementary Militia Fencibles, or Volunteers as aforesaid, then of the Particulars of I Service; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall tranl to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, a Copy of 1 Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this J for a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lienten shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Oft to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualifies] as above directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace every County, Riding and Place, shall, and he is hereby required enter the Qualifications transmitted to him, according to the Du

No Officer superior to a Sub-

Clerk of the Peace who shall transmit Copy to County lieutenant.

Clerk of the Peace to enter

Qualifications

upon a Roll, and tjong thj8 ^d, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for t

m mfrrr in n^r... f

to insert in Gazette Dates of Commissions, Jkc. and transmit

Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in The London Gazette the Di of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, toget with the Names of the Officers in whole Room they are appoint

every January to in like manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the Vi

Secretary of State. Certificate of Qualifications So be laid be lore Parliament.

Office; and he is hereby authorised to charge the Expence of ft Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Treasurer the County, Riding or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the fast and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month January in every Year, transmit to One of His Majesty's Princij Secretaries of State a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (A.) tfa

t!

A.D. 1812.

fftOBaOL

C. 38.

I27

bfe been so left with him; and every Commi f-iOfecer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and toa6ty related and subscribed the Declaration, as required by this Act, (fall, at same General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in One dff&M^ftj'sCouitsia^ Record at Westm'tmfler, within Six Months sfcerk paling of this Act, if he ihafi have been appointed before* of this Act, or if not appointed till after the paling of life Act, then within Six Mouths after he shall have accepted his OMaftba, lake the Oaths appointed to be taken by a Act passed fetk ftt Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, btiMbd, A AS far the farther Security of Ait Majesty's Person and 1 G.i.Staix Geoetumot, and (he Sitccasion of the Grown in the Heirs of the late c*x3*

Pdoceft Sophia, Prota/hemts; most farnttingmfkiag the Hopes of

An fnkoded Prints of Waw, and his open and secret Abettors; ana

lib byAct passed in the Thirty f fxth Year of the Reign of His 4 G. 3. c. 55.

pda* Majety, intituled jAi ASfar altering the Oath of Abjunstmn, tSu*

mi he dfarante; send for amending so roach of an Act of the Seventh

Tdr ef Her late Majesty Queen Arme, intituled An Act for the Im-

prttneet of the Union of He Two Kingdoms, tu, after the Time therein

mdkd, requires the Delivery of certain Ufa and Copies therein mm-

timed to Perfoms rndiBed of High Troafm or M'rfpnpon of Treason

mi fail alk> make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the find

Ad of the First Year of Ring George the First, directed to be made, 1 g. i. Scat, 2.

ftpeatrd and subscribed by all Officers, Ohril and Military. c. 13.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execote Personsi&inj toy of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonels, Lieu- who are unqua-Satart Colonels, or Majors, not being qaalifiedus aforesaid, or withoutwho brvhg delivered in such spectfic Description of his Qualification as is }?*vc

[Proviso.]

krembefete required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Som QVJ[ufiCa"iOB^r A One hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Freer* hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qua-fifed as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Defection of hw Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every such ftrfoa Audi forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety Penalty. wkreof'fWl go to the Die of the Person who shall foe for the same, and m every Action, Suit or Information, brought against any Person fcr acting as Cofoael, Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain, not king qualified as hereinbefore directed, the Proof of his Qualification Onus probandt till lie upon the Person agarbrft whom the same is brought: Pro- tided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall re ft rain or

ct* any Pfeer of the Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, king appointed Orcting as a Commissioned Officer in the Lo-alltthia, within the County, Riding or Place, wherein such f^er, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residenoe, dthcngb be may not have the Qualification hereinbefore required; or to nttge any Peer^of this Realm, or Heir Apparent)f such Peer, wk shall be appointed a Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to lovr with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Flao* for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing a aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further ensded, That His Majesty, his Heirs His Majesty may ltd Successors, may from time to timeus He and they ?shall think direct County fit, lgBife His and their Pleasure to His and their Lieutenant of any lieutenants to C<Wy, Riding or Placebo<dfplace all or any Officers 'in the Local dlfpUce Officers.

Militia;

A.D. rt

rat

Number of Prw race Men.

JnjUni,

C. 38. GEO. III.

Militia; and thereupon His Majesty's respective Lieutenants forthwith displace such Officers, and appoint others within the S County, Riding or Place, with the like Qualifications, and under subjedk to the like Provisions and Rest rid 10ns, to serve in their $k aIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Majesty to order and direct that a Number of private Men not exej ing the Numbers herein specified for each Comity respectively, (ha enrolled to serve in the Local Militia at such Periods and in J Counties, and in such Propositions in any such Counties, Dif$ or Parts thereof, as His Majesty by any Warrant or Warrants His Royal Sign Manual shall specify, order and direct, in that Bd according to the Provisions of this Act; that is to say. For, County of Bedford One thousand two hundred and sixty eight; the County of Berks Two thousand two hundred and forty touri the County of Bucks Two thousand three hundred and ninety for the County of Cambridge One thousand nine hundred and taj four; for the County of Chestert with the City and County of City of Chester, Three thousand five hundred and forty; for! County of Comwall Two thousand five hundred and eighty eij for the County of Cumberland Two thousand four hundred and so for the County or Derby three thousand seven hundred and fifty; for the County of Devon, with the City and County of the Exeter, Six thousand and forty eight > for the County of Dorset,] the Town and County of the Towa of Pool9 One thousand fill dred and forty four; for the County of Durham One thousandj hundred and sixty eight; for the County of EJfem Four thod nine hundred and seventy fix; for the County of Gloucester, whl City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and Cq of the City of Bristol, Four thousand six hundred and fifty two 5 the County of Hereford Two thousand and eighty; for the Counl Hertford One thousand nine hundred and twenty; for the Coj of Huntingdon Six hundred and thirty six; for the County of J with the City and County of the City oi Canterbury, Five thofl one hundred and eighty four 5 for the County of Lancaster \ thousand seven hundred and fifty six; for the County of Leiccftr j thousand five hundred and seventy two; for the County of Lin with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, Five thou four hundred and seventy two 5 for the County of Middlesex j elusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower & lets). Twelve thousand one hundred and fifty two; for the Co] of Monmouth One thousand one hundred and twenty; for the Coj of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, I thousand eight hundred and thirty six; for the County of Norths ton Two thousand eight hundred and ninety six; for the Coun$ Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of JV castle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Two thou six hundred and ninety six; for the County of Nottingham, with Town and County of the Town of Nottinghamt Two thousand hundred and fifty six 5 for the County of Oxford Two thousandj hundred and twelve; for the County of Rutland Three hundred thirty two; for the County of Salop Three thousand nine ham and sixty four; for the County of Somerset Six thousand two dred and twenty four; for the County of Southampton, with Town and County of the Town of Southampton-, Three thousand

hand)

A.D. 1812.

St GEO. III.

c. 3a.

hundred; for the County of Sufford, with the City and County of iheQ'Xx of Luhjtflzf, Four thousand five hundred and thirty two 5 for the County of Suffolk Four thousand one hundred and sixty eight; for the County of Surrey Five thousand three hundred and forty four; for the County of Sussex Three thousand two hundred and twelve; for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, Three thousand four hundred and twelve 5 for the County of Wtjinsnhmd Nine hundred and seventy two 5 foF the County of Wvtder, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, Two thoafod four hundred and sixty four; for the County of Wilts, Three tfiodaod six hundred and sixty eight 5 for the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of Turk, Nine tbott&sd seven hundred and sixteen; for the North Riding of the said Coofity Three thousand six hundred and forty four; and for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kmyfion uf*n Hull, Two thousand two hundred and fifty six 5 for the County of Anglesea Five hundred and twelve; for the County Waite of Erulmck Eight hundred and sixteen; for the County of Cardigan Nine hundred and seventy fix; for the County of Carmarthen, with the Coaoty Borough of Carmarthen, One thousand six hundred and twenty; for the County of Carnarvon, Five hundred and twelve 5 for the County of Denbigh One thousand three hundred and seventy fix; for the County of Fiint Eight hundred and four; for the County tiGlfmorgan One thousand six hundred and twelve; for the County of Merioneth Four hundred and eighty four; for the County of Jdentgemery One thousand one hundred and sixteen; for the County jtf Pembroke* with the Town and County of the Town of Haver-ftrkutfi. Eight hundred and four; and for the County of Radnor, five handled and sixty.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Where Qur*j Nwnfcer of Local Militia so fixed and settled for any County, Riding now fixed j, e< ur Place as aforesaid, shall be less than the Number actually serving l^n {J, uJTher for. such County, Riding or Place, at the time of pa fling this Act, Excei/to^on-8* the Excels over and above the Quota so fixed as aforesaid, shall continue to t'erve. jmqe to serve in the Local Militia of their respective Counties, until the Expiration of the Period for which they were originally enrolled

icy thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; but that no When Vann-

Vacancies arising in the Local Militia of such County, Riding or des t'upplied.

Place, shall be supplied until the Number of Men serving in such

County shall be reduced below the Number so fixed as aforesaid, as

toe Quota of such County, Riding or Place.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the Number of Local Where Qut*

VChtia Men so fixed as aforesaid for any County, shall be greater now fixed 1* than the Number actually serving for such County, at the time of Jcat*r th]nT pafing this Act, no further Enrolments of Men for the Local Militia now

of such County shall take place, beyond what may be necessary to serving, no fur-Jceep the several Regiments complete to their Establishments, so long ther Enrolment ai the Number of Men serving in such County shall, in Addition to shall take place sad together with and including the effectice Yeomanry and Volun- jong as Lgcal tew* (erring in such County, (exclusive of Supernumeraries above the VolumeJrs to-Establishment of such Coips serving without Pay), amount to Six geusr equal fix Tunes the original Quota or the Militia of such County fixed under an Times the Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, elating Militia

to the Militia of England; Provided always, that when and io ofteu G* 3-c- 9

52 Gxo. III.

C. 38.

5 20 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Prerifcw

Volunteer* may transfer Services to Load Militia.

Oath.

Bounty.

Volunteers so tr.mfcferring not liable to serve in Regular Militia.

Bounties to Volunteers certified, &c.

as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers in any fi County as aforesaid shall be reduced by the disbanding or disconti ing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, reason of the effective Numbers of any such Corps being* dimi a Number of Local Militia Men not exceeding in Amount such ficiency shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this A the Number of the Local Militia of such County shall be eqmt^ the Number fixed as aforesaid for the Quota of such County n' this Act: Provided always, That no Vacancy arising in any G of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, by reason of the effe6fcive Nlfli bers of such Corps being diminished, shall be supplied as afore&R by Ballot for the Local Militia under this Act, unless such Vacant shall not have been supplied by the entering of any Men into fat Corps within Six Months after such Vacancy occurring in fi Corps.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which Number of Local Militia Men so fixed by this Act as the Quota any County shall be greater than the Number actually serving such County, it shall be lawful for the Members of any Corps Volunteers, within the Ages limited by this Act, and not having m than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, as may bel firous of forming Part of the said Local Militia to be raised o this Act, to transfer themselves, with the Approbation of His M; ' under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to come and form Part of the Local Militia under this Act of the - or Part or Division of the County to which such Corps shall upon such Terms and Conditions as to His Majesty shall seem fit f all Volunteers so permitted to transfer their Services, shall therei forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in such Local Militia, and the Oath herein after required to be taken by Persons ballotted this A6>, and if actually serving as such on the Twelfth Day May One thousand eight hundred and nine, and having constantly tinued to serve such since that Period, shall be entitled to a Boa of Two Guineas, and to the same Allowance for Necessarirs as of Local Militia Men are entitled to under this Act, and shall be d and taken to be Local Militia Men to all Intents and Purposes.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no son who shall transfer himself as a Member of a Volunteer Corps the Local Militia, and shall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Mifi shall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled to serve in the BLcgi Militia, by reason of his having been ballotted and entered for 1 Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member a Volunteer Corps; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrt notwithstanding

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Bo4 shall become payable to any Member of a Volunteer Corps so ferring himself as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice at* ing the Enrolment and (wearing in of such Men, shall sign a Cw cate of the Amount of the Bounty so to be paid, and to whom, for what Parishes or Places; and the Clerk of the Subdivision M ing shall forthwith transmit such Certificate to the Secretary at W5! and draw upon the Agent General for the Amount of Bounties fified to be (o payable.

xx. aA

J).1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 38

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Hi* to permit any Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry or Artillery to Mtfcr themselves into the Local Militia, upon such Terms and wfttioos as to their Establishment, and as to Allowances for Horses Accoutrements, or other Things, and as to Pay, as His Majesty Wb*a, and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County bcfeui such Corps shall serve, in such manner as His Majesty shall Ijeks Provided always, that no Vacancies arising in any such Corps rXfeomanry, so transferred as aforesaid, shall be supplied by Ballot Jer this Act; but all fuv; h Vacancies which shall not be supplied by entering of any Men into such Corps, within Six Months after such Casey occurring in such Yeomanry Corps, shall be supplied by Bal-L for the L >cil Militia of the County to which such Yeomanry bmthail be attached.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Powers, Provisions, Be % Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the of the Forty second of His Majesty, or in an Act passed Ae Forty Gxth Year of His present Majesty, or in an Act passed i? r Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, or in any other Act Hog to the Militia, as relate to the appointing and holding General I Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, or to the making out Lifts^which to bailot, or to the Mode of ballotting, shall, as far as same are applicable and can be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied led, be used, exercised, applied and put in force with respect Local Militia, in as full and ample a manner as if the said Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things re-enacted and repeated in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of iivision Meetings shall, a3 soon as conveniently may be after Subdivision Meeting shall have been appointed, give Notice in of the Time and Place of Meeting to such of the Deputy nts who shall be rdident within such Subdivision, and also to ChoKnandin|r Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, at-ked to such Subdivision, by Notice addressed to the Adjutant, and Account of the several Days fixed for receiving Lifts, and for balling and for inrolling the Militia Men within such Subdivision; Khali, ms soon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewise transmit to (Colonel or other Commandant, or to the Commanding Officer as khid, in manner aforesaid, a List, specifying the Names, Trades, I ofual Places of Abode, of all such Local Militia Men as are bled.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Men to be raised Aar this Act shall be ballotted out of and from the Persons between A^esof Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, dl may hereafter he made and returned or amended and cor-br the raising of the Militia un; ler any Acts relating to the of England; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall fit, to order and direct the making out any new Lifts, and in Oases as to Age or otherwise, and in such Form as may be & expedient for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on making out or amend-any Lifts after the passing of this Act, of Persons fit to serve Local Militia, every Person who shall wilfully xtegled to appeal

 2 '9, tl y owithin

f3i

Yeomanry and Artillery Corps may transfer Services to Local Militia*

Proven of

42 U. 3.C. 90. 46O.3. c. 91. and 49 O.3.C. 8S. See. applicable to the Local Militia, extended to this Act.

Subdivision Clerks to eive Notice of Meeting to Commanding Officers of Regiments.

Men ballotted from Militia Lifts.

Persons neglecting to appeal.

A.D. 1812.

J32 C. 38.

52 GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

jtfo Person under 30 to he SpecutlCouiUkle.

Deputy Lieutenants may require Attendance of Constables.

Imprisonment.

Two Justice* tnay appoint Deputies ro Quakers for carrying At> into Execution.

within the time appointed for that Purpose, shall forfeit for eve such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less th| Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Two or more Depu Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, and on Noopa ment thereof be imprisoned, at the Discretion of any Two or mo Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates as afot said, for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be a pointed or ad as a Special Constable for the Purpose of assisting the making out any new Lifts, or otherwise in aiding in the Exec tion of this Act, who shall not be above the Age of Thirty Years.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for I Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdivision, or any Two or more them, or for any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of t! Peace, from time to time to issue their Order or Warrant under thi Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the Constable, T thingnujn, Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Ty thing Place within such Subdivision, for the Purposes of this Act, at fai Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed 5 a) if any such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Offia shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warraj or if any Chief Constable or other Officer of any Hundred, Raj Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingma Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place, fhi refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders and Directions as he flu from time to time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or ai Two or more of them, or from any One Deputy Lieutenant and 0| Justice of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, or shall be guilty of ai Fraud or wilful Partiality or gross Neglect in his Duty, the fa Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or such 0| Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, are hereby ei powered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Col mon Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize for the Spa of One Month, or, at their Discretion, to fine such Person iu any Su not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if ai Chief or other Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or Overfa shall be of the People called Quakers, (and certified to be so by Tv Persons of the People called Quakers) and shall neglect or refuse perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for ar Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Division within which fu< Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby r quired, in all cases where the circumstances of the case fxiall in the Judgment render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution the Provisions of this Act, by their Order under their Hands and Seal to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker, f< the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Pe son so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all tl Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions given by this Act to such Offia for whom he shall so ad, and shall do and perform all the like Duti< and Offices, under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as ai hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesai< in like manner in every respect as the Person for whom he shall soji4 when? an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so mafic* the prir

cipl

L.D.I&I2.

52 GEO: III. C. 38. 13J

bat Chief Constable. Headborontrh, Tythingman or Overseer (being

e of the People called Qualm) (hdl be, and he is hereby dif-lar^ed from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Let, and from all Penalties incuired for Neglect thereof after the time f !uch Appointment.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Twoormore be Deputy Lieutenant?, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add to- Places and Lift*

whenever they shall think it necessary, any Two or more raay he added Parishes or Tythings, or to add any extra parochial Place or Places

0 any Parish or Parishes, Tything or Tythings adjoining thereto, for a# together he Purposes of this Act; and also to add together the Lifts of such as if they were

i-s, Tythings and Places aforesaid, so as to make the Choice Officers of iam

1 Local Militia Men by Ballot within every such Subdivision as PariftV and shall tfml and impartial as possible; and where any Parishes, Tythings, n

i Places so added together shall lie in different Hundreds, Rapes/ Order oTDeputy Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within the same County, Lieutenants. Riding or Place, to direct in what Hundred* Rape* Lathe* Wapentake or other Division, the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lifts lb added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for One Parish, or for the Pari (It to which any extra parochial Place shall have been added as aforesaid; and the Constables, Tyumen, Headboroughs or other Oflice-s of Parishes, Tythings and ^ces so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this as if they were respectively Officers of one and the same Parish >r Tything; and all such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs Ltd Officers so as aforesaid atting together by virtue of this Act, shall their Meetings under this Act in the Parish or Tything which shall be named first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants 5 and if any Deputy Liente-Difference or Disagreement shall arise between the Officers of any n.uitstohear Tything or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes jnd determine e Tythings, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieu- between^riflx t ruuits acting in and for the Subdivision where such Difference or officer*. Disagreement shall happen, shall at any Subdivision Meeting, and they are hereby authorised to hear and determine the same, and make fuen Order therein for the better Execution of this Act, as to them shall m meet; and such Orders shall be final and conclusive.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Pro- Act to extend to rifions* Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, in extra parochial this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to every extra parochial *55* ad<, ed Place added to any Parish or Tything for the Purposes of this Act, where noCon-Zi fully as if the said Directions and Provisions had severally and re- (tables or Over-lpectively been expressly applied to extra parochial Places, and where seers.

re shall be any extra parochial Place or other Place wherein no Coa&ables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Overfrers of the Poor have been or are appointed, or ad, the respective Constables, Tything-men, Headboroughs or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, or Tything or Tythings respectively, to which such extra parochial or other Place shall have been added by the Deputy Lieu* tenants as aforesaid, may and shall act as Constables, Tythingmen,

Headboroughs or Overseers of the Poor respectively for such extrt| parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Act, and may and -1 do, perform and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things: nn, relating to the Execution of this Act, as fully and amply, and

K 3 with

*34

AiD.tSi

Prorifo.

[Proviso.]

Clerks of Sub-divisim Meetings to trtnimit Copies of Rolls to Clerk of General Meeting.

[Penalty.]

General Meetings may alter Subdivisions and Allotment of Men In each Division.

Ar Second Sub-division Meeting, Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint dumber of A Ten lo serve for each Parish^ &c., and shall order Notice to b given thereof and f next Meeting, and

eaufc Number to he balloited, c.

C. 38. 52 GEO. III.

with all such and the like Powers in every Respest, as if such eU parochial or other Place was within and made part of such Parish Ty thing: Provided always, that if any Rate or Rates shall be to made for any Parish or Paristies, or Tything or Tythings, and a such extra parochial or other Place jointly, such Rate or Rates ft be distinctly made for the Purpose of this Act, and for no other Pi pose whatever: Provided also, that every such separate Rate shall a may be made, raised and levied, as well in fuen extra parochial other Place, as in any such Parish or Tything aforesaid, in like maw as any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Si division Meetings shall within Fourteen Days after every SubdiviH Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the Coun' Riding or Place* fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be figs at such Subdivision Meeting 5 and if any such Clerk shall omit or 1 gleft to make such Return as aforesaid within such Period at afw laid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Cle shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twee Pounds,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant or Vi Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, together with any Thi or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or io t Absence of any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) any Five or more D puty Lieutenants may, at any General Meeting, alter the appoint Subdivisions within such County, Riding or Place, if they shall ( Occasion, and also may alter the established Allotment of the Nw ber of Men in each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, WapentaJ or other Division, to serve in the Local Militia, towards raising tl Number of Local Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised for foi County, Riding or Place, according to the Numbers contained inti respective Certificates received from the several Subdivision Meeting regard being had in such Allotments and Apportionments to ti Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in each fa Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake and other Division.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, Ttiat the Deputy Lieut nants assembhd at their Second Meeting within any Subdivision ft? appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tythir and Place, within such Subdivision, regard being had in such Aj point men t tq the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers fer ing in each such Patisti, Ty thing or Place, in Proposition to the Nun ber last appointed, in the manner hereinbefore directed, at a Geuer Meeting to ferte for each Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake l other Division; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden with] Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was lioldeu wilhi the same Subdivision, and (kail issue out an Order to the Chief Cof liable or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathe Wapentakes or other Ditifions, requiring them to give Notice to th Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of ever Parish, T.ything or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rape? Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, of the Number of Men (i appointed to serve for such Parish, Ty thing or Place, and of th Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Dt puty Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputj Lieutenant, and One Justice of the Peace, assembled in purfuaoceo

fafj

A.D. 1812.

i3S

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

Such Appointments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the Perfor.s between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, P* which may hereafter be made and returned, or amended or cor-BBCfeed, for the raising the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia mi EagLsufj and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Weeks in the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, 'fepea, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, to direct the C011 ft able, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish, Ty tiling mrPUce, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Local Jfisea, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be givcu or left 0t his Place of Abode at lead Seven Days before such Meeting; and pheh Con liable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, shall at* pawl such Meeting, and make such Return upon Oath of the Days Mn such Notice was served; and every Person so choseu by Ballot jRd* epon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and if, on Exarai-Wttha, found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in manner fordoafter directed, shall then and there take the following Oath; it to say,

J vf. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and |p that I will faithfully serve in the Local Militia of

within Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time of Four Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall'"be fooooer discharged/

every such Person shall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Local -'tia of such County, Riding or Place, as a private Local Militia 1, for the Space of Four Years.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Man enrolled $0 serve in the Local Militia, shall, before such Enrolment, be examined upon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants, as to his Residence, Age and Family, and the Oath so administered to him shall be the Words, and according to the Form and Effect in the Schedule go this Act annexed, marked (B); and if any Person shall refuse to so examined, such Person may, at the Discretion of any One or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, be imprisoned for any time not exceeding One Week, and shall notwithstanding be liable to be enrolled to serve in the said Local Militia, if he shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to be a fit and proper PmOB to be so enrolled.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafing of this Act, if any Person whatsoever shall insure, or take or agree to take any Money for the Insurance of, or be any ways coaceroed in any Company, Society, Partnership, Club or Office, for thelafurance of any Person or Persons, or for the insuring or indem-"fa* each other against or for the paying any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine or Penalty, for any Person or Per-Jbos who may be bauotted to serve in the Local Militia, or shall pay or engage to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to fcve in Discharge of any County, Division or Parish, beyond the Sum of Two Guineas to be paid to such Volunteer as herein after directed,

K 4 every

Periwu efiofen by Ballot to take

Oath.

Men before Enrolment examined upon Oath atto R elide nee, See. refusing to be extrained. Punishment.

Persont insuring.

[Penalty.]

No Pert on bal-

lottetl allowed to find a Subiliuite.

Volunteers may be received with Consent of Inhabitants of any Place, and a Rate established for paying them Bounties not exceeding Two Guineas each.

Apptal.

No Ballot shall take place where Persons shall voluntarily enrol tfcemlcUe*

C. 3&. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

every such Person as aforesaid shall forfeit, for every such Offence, tb

Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person ballotted t

serve in the Local Militia shall be allowed to find or provide any Sal stitute to serve in his Stead; any thing in this or any other A&l the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchward* or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything or Place, shall,* the Consent of the Inhabitants taken at a Vestry, or at any ath Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, for the calling of which Veil or Meeting Three Days public Notice shall be given, specifyingti Cause of calling such Vestry or Meeting, provide and produce toll said Deputy Lieutenants, or any l'wo or more of them, at any Sal division Meeting for choosing the Local Militia Men by Bailot, a Volunteer or Volunteers, being of the same County, Riding or Plat or of some adjoining Parish or Place, who shall be examined and.4 proved, as is herein after mentioned, such Volunteer or VulunteedL examined and approved shall be then and there sworn in and enroll to serve for such Tertn, and On the same Conditions as is herembefi provided in case of Persons chosen by Bailot; and the said Depd Lieutenants shall cause dnly futh Number of Persons to be choien)l| Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Parish, Tything or Place, l| shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to ierve for {u^l Parish, Tything or Place; and if any such Churchwardens or OvcH seers shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sus of Money not exceeding Two Guineas each, to serve in the Lm Militia for such Parish, Tything or Place, it shall be lawful for fu Churchwardens or Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitsi of such Parish, Tything or Place, according to the Rate then tna for the Relief of the Poor, which Rate (being approved by any Ji tice of the Peace) it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Ovi seers so collect, and to reimburse themselves such Sum or Sums Money as they shall have paid to such Volunteer or Volunteers aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied as Part of t Poor's Rate; and if any Person shall refuse to pay such Rate, it ib be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof ma by any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under his Hai and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offendei Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any) after the fi Rate and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be paid; bj no Person who shall be then ftrving in the Local Militia, nor ai Person serving either personally or b/'Substitute in the Regular M litia, shall be liable to pay any such Rate: Provided always, that any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any such Rate as afon said, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in like manner as is provided in the case of Appeals again Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in 3II cases in whip a Ballot shall be directed under this Act for the Local Militia, ad any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty five YeaflJ of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches and upwards, am5 fit foq Military Service, and not having more than Two Children under tMj Age of Fourteen Years, shall voluntarily enrol themselves under thilj Ad, to serve according to the Provisions of this Act, if the Person?

5

A.D. 1812.

137

52 GEO. III.

Ib^voliwtarily enrolling themselves shall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any such Parish, then 00 Ballot shall take place in such Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, then the Number of Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall be deduced from the Number required to be enrolled by Bailot, and the Remainder only (talbe ballotted for in such Parish; and all Persons so voluntary wwiiintr themselves shall take the Oath required by this Act to betakrfi by Persons ballotted, and shall serve in the same manner and voder the same Regulations, and be subject to the same Provisions, as if they had been ballotted for under this Act: Provided always, that Proviso for no Seaman or Seafaring Man shall be enrolled in the Local Militia as Seamen, a Vuionteer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Certain Persons Xtaki, nor any Person being a Commissioned Officer in the Regular exempt from or in His Majesty's other Foroes, or in any one of His Service.

Ciftiesor Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Mny, Army or Marines, nor any Non Commissioned Officer or private Maa serving in the Regular Militia, or in any of His Majesty's ether Foroes, nor any Person being an effective Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and duly returned as such, nor any Person being a Resident Member of either of the Universities, nor any Clergyman, rot any Teacher or Preacher in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, or petending to Holy Orders, (not carrying on any Tilde or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster,) having taken the Oath9 and made and subscribed the Declaration required by Law from the Teachers- or Preachers of Congregations of dissenting Protestants, dnd being bona jide the Teacher of uny Congregation whose Place of Meeting shall hare been doly registered at lea il Twelve Months previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in OQohet for the Purposes of this Actj nor any'GonffeiWe or other Peace Officer net being a fjperial ConftaWe; nor any Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person raftered, trained or doing Dutyi or employed in any of His Majesty's Docks Or Dock Yards for the Service thereof, Or employed or mattered io His Majesty's 8ennCe in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs at Portsmouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being friee of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, nor any poor Man who has more than Two Children born in Wedlock, nor any Person receiving his Education on an eleemo-fymry Foundation, shall be liable to serve in the Local Militia; and so Fcrfoo having served personally in the Regular Militia, or addition Force, or provided any Substitute, or for whom any Substitute his been provided, or paid any Fine for not serving or finding a Sub-ftttote in the Regular Militia, or such additional Force as aforesaid,

Mbe liable to serve in the Local Militia until Four Years after the Expiration of his* Period of Service, if he shall have served in Person, or Six Year* after the Period at which such Substitute shall have been enrolled, or Foot Years after having paid any such Fine; and that nQ Moo haring paid any Fine hr upon whom Distress has been made for ay Fine for not serving in the Local Militia) shall be liable to serve

until

Persons enrolled in Local Militia exempt from Service in Regular Militia i*i Two Years.

Persons exempt nevertheless liable to serve in Regular Militia if they neglect to attend Training.

Proviso for Member* of Friendly Societies.

Allowances to Wives and Families.

C. 38. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 181

until the Expiration of Two Years from the Period of having pa such Fine or suffered such Distress. (\SVe post. c. 116.3

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Co missioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man enrolled and a&oa serving in the Local Militia at the Time of passing this Act, shall entitled to and have Exemption from serving in the Regular Milit and shall not be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular Mili for Two Years from the Expiration of their present Period of & vice in the said Local Militia: Provided always, that all Perfc who may hereafter be enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, shall 01 be entitled to and have Exemption from Service in the Regu Militia, and shall not be liable to Je ballotted to serve in the Regui Militia for One Year from the Expiration of their Period of Scrr. in the said Local Militia: Provided always, that no Person shall entitled to claim any Inch Exemption under this Act, who shall o produce a Certificate ligned by the Commanding Officer of the Ra ment of Local Militia to which he shall belong, or in case of 1 Removal from the County in which he may have been original enrolled, then by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, BattaTi or Corps in which he may have been subsequently serving, that attended at the last Period of annual Training and Exercise, or tl he was prevented by illness or bodily Infirmity, so certified to 1 Commanding Officer at the last Period of Annual Training a Exercise, or that he was absent by Permission of his Commands Officer.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any Person enrolled a serving in the Local Militia who shall have claimed Exemption fn Service in the Regular Militia, shall nevertheless be compellable serve in the Regular Militia, in case he shall not afterwards attend t Periods appointed for the Training and Exercise of the Local Mili during the time for which he may be enrolled to serve in such La Militia (unless prevented by any Infirmity incapacitating him for S vice); apd the Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps Local Militia to which he may belong, shall certify such Ablei from Training and Exercise to the Clerk of the Subdivision for whi he shall have been before ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia, w shall make the same known to the Deputy Lieutenants assembled their next Subdivision Meeting, and such Man shall then and the be enrolled to serve in the Regular Militia; or if he shall not tb appear, shall be liable to any Penalties imposed upon ballotted Perfij not appearing to be enrolled in the Regular Militia.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Member of any Friern Society, serving or entering to serve under this A &, fh?U by such & vice be excluded from such Society, or be subject to the Forfeiture any Benefit to which he may be otherwise entitled under any Rul of such Society 5 or to any Fine or Penalty imposed by such Socid for Nonattendance; any thing in any such Rules to the contnu notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained u exercised, or for the Suppression of Riots, or for the Suppieffioo 1 Rebellion or Invasion, all Persons enrolled therein who shall join such assembling, and shall have Families unable to support themfeta shall, during the Period of their being so assembled as aforesaid, 1

entitle

AD 1812.

*39

* GEO. III.

0*38.

titled to such and tbs same Relief to their Wives and Families, and

ad^r such and the like circumstances, and subject to the same Regu-Regulations and Provisians, as the Wives and Families of Men bal* (Red to serve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain are entitled to, pder an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, [totaled An Act for consolidating and amending the federal Laws for Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when wiled* into a dual Service; or any other Acts relating to the Relief f the Wires and Families of Men serving in the Regular Militia of 6sst Britain; and for that Purpose all the Rules, Regulations, and povifioos, Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in the lad Rationed Acts respectively contained, shall extend and be construed p extend to the giving such Relief as aforesaid as fully and effectually pif the same were herein enacted: Provided always, that all Sums Money which shall be advanced and paid to the Wives and Fami-of such Men, shall, upon delivery of a quarterly Account of the at thereof, certified and signed by Two Justices of the Peace County in which such Relief shall be given, be repaid to ther or Overseers, or Parish Officer or Officers who shall have |faflced the same, by the Receiver General of such County, out of y public Money in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Account toe said Receiver General: Provided always, that whenever any rpsof Local Militia shall be assembled for Training and Exercise, P^rfous enrolled therein, having Families unable to support them-Ives as aforesaid, shall be entitled to Relief for their Wives and lilies, notwithstanding such Families may be resident in the Place Te the Regiment may be assembled.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect "Mistake of any Chief Constables, Constable6, or other Officers, or any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed by any lifiiion should not be duly inrolled at the Meeting appointed for Purpose as before directed, then the Deputy Lieutenants at their Meeting, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy tenant, and One Justice of the Peace, may and they are hereby pquired immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to pro-ped to a fresh Bailot, and to adjourn their Meeting, or appoint other peetiegs, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be necessary pd expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully po Execution; and it shall be lawful for any One Deputy Lieute-pot or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Local Militia, to any prfoo ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Dirc&oin* of this Act, such ballotted Man or Volunteer having been to, examined and approved as is herein after mentioned; and such deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised to lad require the Clcik of the Subdivision for which every such Pwfeoby whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, toearoltbe Name of every such Person so having been duly examined tod approved as aforesaid, together with the Date of the Day on Hick the Lid Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such JLbdmdon.

XLLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ballotted serve in the Local Militia under this Act, shall, after Notice given |p him, or left at his usual or Jail Place of Abode, of his having

been

43 G j. c. 47.

[Proviso.]

Deputy Lieutenants may caufo Lids to be amended, and proceed to fresh Bailot, and may administer Oaths,

Persons ballot*J not appearing U be enroftod, fined.

penalty.

pines paid to Clerk of SuMi-vision Meetings, and paid into Bank to Account of Agent General.

Fines to exempt for Two Years only.

Persons im-prifotied compel* lable to serve Four Years.

Persons claiming Exemption on Payment of 20I. or ioi. to sign a Declaration of Income.

False Declaration.

[Penalty.]

Such Persons to sign Declaration.that they have not ini u red.

been so ballotted, refuse or neglect to appear within such Period an^ at such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose within the Sub division for which he shall have been so ballotted, (which Times anj Places shall he appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County and Notice thereof given by the Constables of the several Parishes by putting up the same on Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuou Places), and be enrolled under this Act, and take the Oath to fervi under this Act, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds or if a Person not having or receiving any annual Sum of Money, Pro fits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income whatsoever, amounting ii the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of ail Outgoings, Taxe or Reprizes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if not amounting ii the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes o Reprizes, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Fine shall bi paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall on Receip thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the same beinj paid, which Certificate shall be countersigned by focne Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and shall, within Twenty one Dayi after the Receipt thereof, pay the same into the Bank of England u a separate Account of the Agent General for the Local Militia, for the Purposes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, being furniihe^ with a Receipt for the same, and the Payment of such Fine shall exi empt such Person from being ballotted and enrolled under this Act for Two Years and no longer; and such Person shall be liable to b< ballotted and enrolled in the Year next but one after that in which he shall have been so ballotted as aforesaid, and in like manner to serve oi pay such Fine as aforesaid, and so in each Second succeeding Year [Amended^ Post. c. 116.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That any Person imprisoned foj the Nonpayment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or fot refusing to take the Oath, or for refusing or neglecting to attend an annual Period of Training and Exercise, shall be compellable to serve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds, instead of Thirty Pounds, shall sign a Declaration that the Amount of his Income does not exceed Two hundred Pounds or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, as the Case may be, and shall deliver the same to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or produce a Certificate to the like Effect, allowed by any Commissioners under any Act relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Pro-sessions, Trades and Offices, or to any Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties, within Twelve Months previous to the Production of such Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit and pay for such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in Addition to such Fine.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act upon Payment of Fine as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Act, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be summoned and required to

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 38.

appear before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, and shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or by such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so summoned and required to appear as aforesaid, to sign a Declaration that he hath not directly or indirectly, by any Policy, Premium or Promise of any Policy or Prembta, or by any Engagement, insured himself a gain (I such Fine or any Pan thereof, and that no Person or Persons hath or hare dhrtdy or indirectly, in Consideration of arty Sum of Money or Promise of aoy Sam of Money, or Gift or Reward, or for any valuable Cofisideration whatever, undertaken, engaged or promised in any way to indemnify him therefrom, or from, any Part thereof, or to repay to him, or to any Person or Personson his Behalf, or for his Usep Benefit or Advantage, the said fine or any Part thereof; and in case i*y Person so claiming to be exempt, or so summoned or required to appear as a fore fi id, shall refuse so to sign such Declaration, or so to appear according to such Summons or Requisition, or shall make any faHe Declaration in that Behalf, every such Person shall, upon Con- Refuting to fig* riftjoo thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit Three Times 2T falle the Amount of such Fine; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall UOn' be confined in any House of Correction or Common Gaol for such County, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty 5 and shall be liable personally to serve in the said Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years^ after the Expiration of sech Imprisonment, or the Payment of such Penalty. Pspalty.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Deputy Lieute-tht Deputy Lieutenants of any County in any case in which it shall nant* may make appear to them t be necessary or proper, by reason of any Quotas new Apportion-M Local Militia of any Divisions of any County, or of any Parishes Quotas^re*of any Division, being found by any Returns now made or which found not to be nay hereafter be made, not to be in Proposition to the*relative Num- in Proposition t her* of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia in such respective Di- Numbers liable fifions or Parishes, or by reason of any Alteration which may have 10rvc# taken place in the Number of the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers iming for such Division or Parish, to make any new Apportionments, and ascertain and settle any Quotas of Local Militia, as to any Divi-fines of any County, or as to any Parishes in any Division, by any sew Apportionment as to such Divisions, or as to the Parishes in any Dirifion, according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local MiBtia which shall have been settled and ascertained for any Divisions, ok for any Parishes of any Division, shall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of such Divisions and Parishes respectively, unless wd nstO die Deputy Lieutenants shall deem it necessary to alter and AuUkre altered the same, and settled any new Quotas under this Act,

XLIX. And be it further erta&ed. That, if the Lift of any New Litis mad* Purfh, Tything or Place shall be loft or deft rayed, it shall be lawful t ifn7 ML for the said Deputy Lieutenants, pr any Two or more of them, -to ede a new Lift in such Parish, Tything or Place to be made and Warned to them, at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same aasner as the Lift loft or deftrojed was made, and ought to have kt& returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting.

A.D. 1812.

Quakers or UnitedBrerhren, on Production of certain Certificates, shall not he enrolled, but shall be adjudged to pay a Proposition of Fines on Persons b U Jotted and not appearing

[Proviso.]

Persons having more than One Refukncc.

1'erfrns to serve in Militia of County in which Paiith Church situate.

Justices may order Payment of Costs for levying by Distress where Quakers refuse to pay Rates for providing Volunteers.

C. 38. 5 a* GEO. III.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratnm iff United Brethren, who shall be ballotted under this Act, shall prodosM before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivision Meeting, or sol Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificates der the Hands of Two or more respectable Housekeepers, being the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unit as FratnmUnited Brethren, resident within the County or Place of Residence dl such Person, and dated within Three Months immediately precedtog the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion, such Perfa shall not be enrolled; and it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any such Person to pay such Proposition of such Fines as are by this Act imposed on Persons ballotted and not appearing, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of such Person; and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Do puty Lieutenants or Justices, may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, by Warrant under then Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after deducting of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Chattel* can be found whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker oj United Brother can be levied, and the Deputy Lieutenants or Jufiion shall nevertheless upon Inquiry be satisfied that such Quaker or United Brother is of sufficient Ability to pay such Fine of Ten Pounds, the^ it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the PeaceJ if he shall think fit, to commit such Quaker or United Brother fcfl Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Month, uiH less such Sum shall be sooner paid and satisfied: Provided always, that no Quaker or United Brother so committed as aforesaid ftaB be confined among Felons,

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to serv^ in the Local Militia, having more than One Place of Residence, (ha3 serve for the County, Riding or Place, where his Name shall have been first inserted in such Lift as aforesaid; and the Clerk to the Sub- division Meeting to which such Lift shall he returned shall, if such Person requires the same, grant a Certificate gratis under his Hand, that such Person's Name was inserted in such Lift, and specifying the time when such Lift was made and returned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in Two or more Counties or Ridings, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Local Militia of the County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated; and that such Parish shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, he deemed Part of such County or Gliding.

LIII. And it further enacted, That where any Rate shallhavp been made for the providing of Volunteers according to the Directions of this Act, and the Churchwardens and Overseers shall make Coir-! plaint to a Justice of the Peace, that any Quaker or Quakers has refilled to pay the Sum or Sums of Money he or they shall be rated at, such Justice shall order such Costs and Charges to be paid for levying such Distress as he shall think reasonable, not exceeding Ten Shillings on each of the said Quakers where there are no more than Two, ?md where there are a greater Number than Two, not exceeding 8 n.Fro;

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 38.

Five Shillings on each of the said Quakers: Provided always, that no Man dull be deemed, taken and accepted to be a Quaker within the meani&g of this Act, unless he shall produce, before the Deputy Lsatenaots at some of their Subdivision Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Qu iiers* resident within the said County, Riding or Place, and dated within the Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which it shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Maato be One of their Persuasion.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, either as a haBottfd Man or Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully examined by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been de-dand and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit toferre, hut to be in every respect able and fit for Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Jdbcf of the Peace, shall in all cases before they proceed to enrol any Man for the Local Militia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or the iaid Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of the Coocty, Riding or Place for which any Man is to be enrolled, if any {&di Sargeon is within a reasonable Distance, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpose 5 and a reasonable Allowance, not exceeding One Guinea shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination, for every Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, and shall be paid to him in like Manner as other Allowances are dirtfodto be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks under this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to 2sy Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia is unable to serve from any permanent illness, Debility or bodily Infirmity, or is not of the full Height of Five Feet two Inches, or is not approved upon Examination, by a Surgeon according to the Direction! of this Act, such Deputy Lieutenants or such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace shall and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift fm the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to oak another Person to be chosea in his Stead, by Bailot, according to the Directions of this Act.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in ibfir kveral Subdivisions shall, as soon as they shall have enrolled the Number of Men required in their Subdivision, divide the Men so enrolled into as many Classes of the Description herein after mentioned, 2s shall be found among such Men; that is to say, in the First Class they shall put all the Men having no Child or Children living 5 and in fl* Second Class, all the Men not having any Child or Children

a under the Age of Fourteen Years 5 and in the Third Class, all eo having any Child or phildren. One of whom only shall be

under

V

M3

Whs deemed a Quaker,

No Man enrolled until examined and approved by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Deputy Lieutenants may drT-chi rge Peiions chosen by Ballot who are unfit.

Deputy Lieu tenants to class Men enrolled, and make out Lift, a Copy Clerk of Subdivision shall transmit to Clerk to General Meetings to be entered.

A.D. 1812.

Xlen becoming unfit to serve dischirged; hut if done by the Comma Dding Officer only, it niuft be confirmed by Depurv Lieutenants before others are ^allotted for.

Vacancies occasioned by Death, ice. filled up by a Crelh Ballot.

Meetings of lieutenancy to fix by Eallot OWer in which Subdivisions, ftc. (ha 1 ftjftd as to sup, lying Deficiencies on account" of Appointtatnt of

C. 3&.

5 2

GEO. III.

under the Age of Fourteen Years; and in the last Cixfs, all the Mi hot included in any of the former Descriptions; and shall forth* make out a List of such Claftcs, according to the Form in the Sol, dule to this Act annexed, marked (C), and within Three Days ti the completing thereof, the Clerk of such Subdivision Meeting & transmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exa&and true Cof of such Lift, made out in such Form as aforesaid, to be by hicuentcn in a Book to be kept for that Purposo.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Local K litift Man, after having been sworn and enrolled, Hull become unfitf Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandos* \ the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Local Militialll shall belong, together with any Two or more Deputy UeuteMl or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace of A County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalioc I Corps belongs, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps shallthl be within the said County, Riding or Place, or for the Co!oed< other Commandant only, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Coq shall be absent therefrom, to discharge such Local Militia Man fft his Regiment, Battalion or Corps 5 but another Man shall uot.| ballotted for in the Room of such Local Militia Man so difeharc* Until such Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of Ti or more Deputy Lieutenants or One Deputy Lieutenant and ft Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which tci| Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, assembled at any Meetings the Subdivision for which such Local Militia Man was enrolled^ at any General Meeting for the County, Riding ot Place as aforefaj

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any private Mill Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which be wasa serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in tl Local Militia, 1 or enter or inlist into His Majesty's Regular Force Navy or Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular M litia, or be discharged in manner aforesaid, as unfit for Service, ori miffed in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Coins or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps which such private Man shall belong, shall certify the Vacancy, occ fioned by such Death, Appointment, Entering, Enlistment, Ditch*] Or Distmffal, (as the case may be) to the Clerk to the General Mm ings, who shall forthwith transmit the said Certificate to the Depsl Lieutenants of the Subdivision for which such private Man Hull tari been inrolled, and such Deputy Lieutenants shall immediately upfl the Receipt of such Certificate, cause such Vacancy to be filled a by a fresh Ballot for a Local Militia Man to serve according to tl Provisions of this Act; except in such cases as are in this A< excepted.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall b lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any Genera Meeting, and they are hereby required to afeertaia and fix by Balk) the Order in which the respective Subdivisions, Hundreds and Pari&e in their respective Counties shall stand as to the supplying any Def ciencies or Vacancies that may exist or arise therein by reason of tb Appointment of any Persons serving in the Local Militia of any foci County to be Serjeants or Corporals, and shall immediately after tb same mall be fa ascertained and fixed, cause such Subdivisions, Hun

A.D. f1812.

*45

52 GEO. III.

0.38.

ds and Parishes respectively, to be entered in such Order, in a List Be prepared for that Purpose; and such Vacancies shall be supplied ch Subdivisions, Hundreds and Parishes, in the Order in which ftaU bare been entered in such Lift as aforesaid, and not by the bet for which the Men so promoted shall have served.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private Local Man shall be appointed a Non Commissioned Officer or Drum-aay Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in the of any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer reduced to the Ballot shall take place in the Parish or Place for which Ijprifate Man so appointed was then serving, in consequence of racancy occasioned by such Appointment, so long as the Non Ruffiooed Officer or Drummer so red iced shall continue to serve Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia.

IP' nd be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the |ty Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice

Peace, at their several Subdivision Meetings, shall and they achy required to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the Room

Local Militia Men actually serving, whose Terms of Service expire before the Twentieth Day of November next ensuing the  of such Subdivision Meetings, and shall at a following Meeting bolden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to enrol the allotted Men as aforesaid; and the Commanding Officer of any nest, Battalion or Corps, is hereby empowered, from time to to discharge any Man of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, time of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of No-

next ensuing, and to receive any other Local Militia Man in i, who shall have taken the Oath, and been enrolled according

Directiooa of this Act5 and every such Man so discharged be entitled to the same Immunity from further Service as if id Imed his full Terra.

HI od be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Local Militia by firtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate or refeind Jootrad or alter the Engagement between such Servant and his ft or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, unless the Local Mi-f the County, Riding or Place for which such Servant shall be shall be embodied or called out by His Majesty, or ordered (b in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled leave the Service of his Master, Mistrefa, or Employer or Em-t, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised in pursuance Ad, ud shall not return again to the same Service at the End Period of Training and Exercise, or as soon after as rea-ay be, allowing to his Master, Mistress or Employer or an Abatement from his Wages in Proposition to the Du-d hk Absence from his said Service, to be settled by a Justice Race in the manner herein after mentioned; and in every such where any Dispute shall arise between such Servant and his or Mistrefa, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum of Money due to such Servant for or on Account of his performed before the time of his Departure from Service, under of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching itoement to be made by such Servant by reason of his Ab-{lGto.111. L n fence,

Persons to be Serjeants or Corporals.

No Ballot to be for a Private appointed a Non-com miffiored Officer or Drummer m Room of One reduced to the Ranks.

At Subdivision Meetings Men' ballot ted for in Room of those whose Terms <-f Servicewillcxpire before Nov. ao next ensuing. and such Men discharged ami others received.

[Proviso.]

Enrolment of Servants shall not vacate Contracts with Matters.

Dispute touching Wages under 2d. Justice may settle it, and may, grant Warrant for levying Money by Distress if not paid.

4 6

A.D. 181

C. 38. 52 GEO. III.

Two Deputy Lieutenants or a Justice may order Money agreed to be given to Volunteer, to be paid him on Enrolment.

Local Militia permitted to inlifl*

Serjeant, Sic. no: permitted.

fence, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall at may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Pea for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate or Plac where such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers shall inh bit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complair and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other With^ or Witnesses, touching the same, and to make such Order for tl Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proposition to t| Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages Proposition to the Duration of his Absence from his Service, in cal where the Party shall disagree, as the case may require, and as to fu< Justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in quest.14 do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case of Kefui or Non payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space Seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice may and fha issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of tl Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Et ployers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Pa; ment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Chttrchwardei or Overseers of the Poor shall have engaged any Person to serve; a Volunteer as aforesaid, and such Churchwardens or Overseers ftw have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged, a certain Sum for fuC Service, it shall be lawful for Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Or Justice of the Peace, and they and he are and is hereby required, aft< such Volunteer has been examined by a Surgeon, and approved a< cording to the Directions of this Act, and enrolled by the Deput Lieutenants in pursuance thereof, to order such Sum of Money as (ha appear to them or him to be clue to the Volunteer so engaged, to h immediately paid to him on such Enrolment, in the Pretence of fud Deputy Lieutenants.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for an Person ballotted or enrolled to serve, or serving in the Local Milit} under this Act, to enlill or enter into His Majesty's Army, Nav1 or Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militi of the same or some adjoining County, at any time, except durinj such Portion of the Period of being assembled for the Purpose u annual Training and Exercise under this Act, as His Mftjcity fits! by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe; and the Enliftingol Entry of every such Man shall be immediately certified by the Office with whom such Man shall have enlisted or entered* to the Office! commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militir from which such Man shall have enlisted or entered; and all Vacann l arising by any such enlisting or entering as aforesaid, shall be supplrrt in like manner as any other Vacancies in the said Local Militia Provided always, that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of any Re giment of Local Militia, on permanent Pay as such, shall be entitld to his Discharge, or be allowed to enlill into the Army, Navy 01 Marines, or Regular Militia, or to engage himself as a Substitate 01 Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, whether the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer shall belong* shall be assembled for the Purpose of annual Trailring and Exercise or not, unless with the Consent in Writing of the Commanding Officer of hid Regiment given for that Purpose.

*47

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

LXV. Prodded always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Apprentice* not is tint A & contained shall extend or be construed to extend to au- permitted to thorite any Apprentice ballot ted under this Act to enlitt in the Army,

Miry* Marines, or to enter as a Substituteor Volunteer in the Reu- r* lwM3ku, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia, or, bcinfc aMntberof a Volunteer Corps, to transfer himself into the Local M3ku without the Consent of his Matter; provided also, that no Bailot, Enrolment and Service under this Act, shall extend to make void or ii any manner to affect any Indenture of Apprenticeship or Csrtiad of Service between any Matter or Servant, notwithstanding aoyCofesaiit or Agreement in any such Indenture or Contract; and mSemx under this Act of anj Apprentice or Servant shall be denrd or construed or taken to be an Absence from Service, or a fcfckofaay Covenant or Agreement as to any Service or Absence IraStrrice, in any Indenture of Apprenticeship or Contract of Ser-fkej mt thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law: or laws, or Deed or Indenture of Apprenticeship, or Contract of Serace to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Va- Vacancies filled Otars arising in the Local Militia by such enlisting as aforesaid, or, UP notwithstand* frD&harge, Absence, Desertion, Death or Expiration of Service, Bj|^lpcnsion M be filled up according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided Volunteers al-dpirs, that it shall be lawful at any time before the Local Militia lowed to enter oCaay Cooaty shall be completed to the full Amount specified in this until Local Aa as the Quota of such County, and also at any time thereafter coin" win any Vacancies Atall arise in such Local Militia, for any Persons plctc<1, between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty five, of the Height of Ibe Feet Two Inches, and not having more than Two Children under Fourteen Years of Age, who shall be approved of in the manner fcmhefose dineded, (as well Members of Volunteer Corps as others) imbatars, to enrol themselves in the Local Militia of such County, aceer&^to the Provisions of this Act, until the full Number of Meu Miked by virtue of this Act in such County shall be completed.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in the Exe- Lieutenant*, codon of this Act, when any Matter or Thing is direct"d to be Deputies andsqired of or examined into, upon the Oath of any Witness or 1 "faces, audio* Witnesses, before any Lieutenant of any County, or any Deputy ^OathL Lteateoaot or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorised to administer such 0*th to any Witness or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths to be take* in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be respectively ad-nmafaetdby any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

LXVJIL And be it further enacted, That the Local Militia of How Regiments the fetetal Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, shall be formed of Militia shall iota Companies, which shall not consist of more than One hundred b$; fognjd and aid twenty, nor of less than Sixty private Men, and that to each of 0 lcrw facti Companies there shall be One Captain, and One Lieutenant and OneEnfigo; and that where the Number of Men raised for any Canty, Riding or Place, is sufficient, the Local Militia thereof shall beforoed into One or more Regiments, confiding of not more than Twfct nor of lets than Eight such Companies; and where the Number Men raised m any County, Riding or Place, is not sufficient to fan a Regiment, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed into

A.D. 1812.

14a C. 38. ji* GEO. III.

a Battalion, confiding of not more than Seven nor of less than E such Companies; and where the Number of Men raised is J County, Riding or Place is not sufficient to form a Battalion of such Companies, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed m Corps, confiding of not less than Three such Companies; and the Field Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps rest tively, shall in no case exceed the respective Numbers and Ranks) lowing; that is to say, in every Regiment confiding of not left i Eight hundred private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Command! One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors; in every Reginaf Battalion confiding of not less than Four hundred and eighty Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, One Lieutenant Cd and One Major; and in every Battalion confiding of less than hundred and eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel and 1 Major; and in every Corps confiding of Three Companies, One I tenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer: Provided ahl that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Local Militia shall be a Cats of a Company: Provided also, that every Battalion confiding of T| Companies or fipwards, may have One Company of Grenadiflf Light Infantry, to which Two Lieutenants shall be appointed nit of One Lieutenant and One Ensign 5 and that every Regiment! have One Company of Grenadiers and One Company of Light) fantry, to each of which Companies Two Lieutenants shall bei pointed indead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign: Provided that to every Company confiding of Ninety private Men or upsrtl there may be Two Lieutenants and One Ensign, or Three It tenants, as the case may be. J

His Majesty may

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fbrj any Num- Majesty, by any Order signified by His Majesty's Secretary of SI See. fervin ^n^ to ^ireft any Number of Officers, Non Commissiooed Officers i Local Militia at Corporals, actually serving in any Regiment, Battalion or Corpl Time of passing Local Militia, at the time of passing this Act, to be retained (tat Ad, to be re- the Continuance of the present War, or for so long a time during] tamed, although Continuance thereof as His Majesty shall think fit, as Officers, exce^PrTor Commissioned Officers, or Corporals respectively of such Regin t'*on prescribed" Battalions or Corps, although by reason thereof the Number of for any Regi- cers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively ol

ment, &c. such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall exceed the Proporti

Officers Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively feribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militi this Act; and all such Officers, Non Commimoned Officers and porals so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Pay, Ec ments and Advantages as other Non Commissioned Omens Corporals respectively are by Law entitled unto 5 any thing m Law or Act to the contrary thereof notwith dan ding.

Officers retained

LXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Ofl beyond Propor- fQ retained who shall exceed the Proposition of Officers respect to* facce ed^o* prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall fuccen Vacancies. Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or ( respectively, according to their respective Ranks, and beginning the elded Officer of each Rank respectively.

In cases of Regi-.LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Local N mems being re- of any County, shall, previously to the passing of this Act, ha*1 duced, Officers sided of Two or more Regiments, Battalions or Corps, and any

I

A.D. 1812.

149

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

or more of foeh Regiments, Battalions or Corps, shall fin consequence may he appointed of the Redu&ou of the Quota of Local Militia for such County under to other this Act) be reduced, it shall in every such case be lawful for His mfDU*

Majesty to order and direct that any Number of Field Officers, and Omm together with the Adjutant and Quarter Master, who were fernagatthe time of patting this Act, shall and may be appointed by the Lieutenant of such County to act as Field Officers, Officers, Adjutant or Quarter Matter respectively, in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia within the said County, and shall condone to serve in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they may be so appointed, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps may exceed the Proposition of Officers prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Cops of Local Militia under this Act; and all such Officers so ap-poifited and retained as aforesaid shall be entitled to such Pay, Rank,

Emolument and Advantages, a3 other Officers of the Local Militia are added to, and shall succeed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, according to their respective Risks, beginning with the eldest Officer of each Rank respectively 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty, many case in which more than One Regiment, Battalion or order

Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raised in any County, to 10*

(bed the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of v e sech County to divide such County, for the rurposes of this Act,

to such Number of Divisions as there are Regiments, Battalions or Corps to be raised in such County, Regard being had to the Number of Persons liable to serve and the Establishment of each Regiment, ad aO other Circumstances of local Convenience; and from and after iach Division, each of such Divisions of such County shall supply all Vacancies arittng in the Regiments, Battalions or Corps respectively bdoaffBg to such Divisions: Provided always, that such Divisions and afi Apportionments made in pursuance thereof may be from time to time varied or altered, as Occasion may require.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for In what case His Majesty in every case for which no special Provision is made by H" this Act, to cause the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, jCliLtTa tobe* to be formed and regulated in such manner as to His Majesty shall seem formed, fice. meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, Battalions or Corps, cooforming in every case, as near as the Propositions of Men will admit, to the Establishment with respect to Regiments, Battalions, Corps and Comnsies, in this Act particularly directed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, that it shall he lawful for the In what case Lkstewt of any County, Riding or Place, to act as Commandant County Lieute-of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia for such County, "am may, a<a a* Riding or Place, for and during such time as there shall not be any Cosunudant appointed to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, shall take the Command of any Local Militia of the said County, Riding or Place,

bd Lieutenant shall be entitled to the Rank of Colonel, but shall rat receive any higher Pay than that of Lieutenant Colonel Com-nMdmt: Provided always, that no Lieutenant of any County, Ri-disg or Place, shall act as Commandant of more than One Regiment, Battdbaor Corps, at One time, excepting in those cases in which such

1*3

Lieutenant

Local Militia Officers accept* ine Commissions of same Rankin any other Regiment how to rank.

When Commandant ahfeut from G. B., His Majesty may direct Officer next in Command to att, who lli all be verted with same Powers till Commandant rttall return and notify his Arrival,

Officer next

in Command shall within Seven Days after atfuming the Command, notify Absence of Commandant to County Lieutenant, and to

Lieutenant may have transferred his Services to the Local Commandant of more than One Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer

LJCXy* And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being duly cjuali who may have accepted or shall accept a Commission or Appointr of the same Rank in any other Local Militia Regiment, Battd or*Corps, and shall thereby vacate his former Commission, shal} -tinuc to rank in the general Service according to the Date"of Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in the LocaJ Mil so vacated as aforesaid.

LJk^VI. And be it further enacted, That when any Colored other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of L< Militia, shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall re! to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, I talion or Corps, shall belong, and to the Commanding Officer; Adjutant thereof, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Wan under His Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer i> in Command, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall in all c; act and serve as the Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion Corps; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been ercifed by such Colonel or other Commandant, so absent as aforett while resident in Great Britain, shall be veiled in and exercist ti the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Cor who shall be resident in Great Britain, and from and after issuing I said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to transacted and done by any other Person or Persons with such Coloi or other Commandant whilil resident in Great Britain, shall t ran fa died and done during the time aforesaid, with such Officer next in Command as aforesaid, who shall be tefiding in Great Br/tai and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order such Colonel or other Commandant for the Use of such Regime* Battalion or Corps, shall be issued and paid to or to the Order of fir. Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters ai Things, done by and with such Officer so next in Command aforesaid, during the time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorizi or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commands when in Great Britain, shall be as good an<i valid as if done by < with such Colonel or other Commandant; and during the Abfert from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Ij giment. Battalion or Corps, and until be shall return to Great Briiq and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command, such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who Ifiall be residing in Grtt Britain, shall appoint the Quarter Matter to such Regiment, Battalj or Corps, in the same manner as such Colonel or other Qommancfc might have done: Provided, always, that such Officer so next i Command as aforesaid, who shall.alFume the Power* fp given to lu as aforesaid, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of I Colonel or other Commandant, shall, within Seven Days after i stal) a flu me any such Powers, notify the Absence from Great 2j[V//g of such C6l6nel or other Commandant to the Lieutenant of tq County, Riding or Place, and also to the Secretary at \tsar: Proving also, that if any such Coloriel or other Commandant as aforesaid, (h# have given any Orders for Clothing qr other Need^arigs, or for

1 1 coutreraeuti

S2 GEO. III. C. 38.

Secretary at War.

Orders given by Commandant for Clothing or Accoutrements completed, and Moncv paid, though he may leave G. B., as (half Orders given by Officer next in Command during Absence ot Commandant, though he may retun*.

coutrexnents, which ought to be provided for the life of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance of any Older by proper Authority, and if before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money shall beilfaed for the same, such Colonel or other Cominandaut shall kite Great Britain % the Orders so given by such Colonel or other Comeaadant shall nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be iflned in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel orothrr CommaxMlant, not\vUhstanding his Abfcfict from Great Britain as ijbrrhki; and in like manner if any Officer so next in Command as afodaid, shall, in confluence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Clothing or other NeceffencSjor for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided for the Use oHus Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance ofwr Order by proper Authority, and before such Orders shall be competed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money whirii ought to be issued shall be idued for the same, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Ar-nial as aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Com-d as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued in rrfpeti thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, notwith-fiadi&g the Return of such Colonel or other Commandant as

aibftfaxL

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and fall appoiut One proper Person, who shall have served in some of His Majesty's other Foroes, or in the Militia while embodied, for the Term of Five Years at the least, to be an Adjutant to each Re-gisest, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia; and such Adjutant, if appointed oat of His Majesty's other Foroes, shall, during his Service in the Local Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Mnaer as if he had continued in that Service; and it shall he lawful fortW Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, on the Recom-meoditsM of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, fauahoQ or Corps of Local Militia, raised within such County, Ri-dtog or Place, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to serve with the Rank of Captain, provided such Adjutant fall have served Five Years as a Comimllioned Officer in the Regular or Local Militia while embodied, or in His Majesty's other Foroes, or in the Volunteers, although such Adjutant may not have the Qua-OhatioD required by this Act for Captains: Provided always, that no inch Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Liniment granting the same it be specified in what Regiment,

QatUiknor Corps of the Militia, while embodied, or of His Majesty's other force?, such Adjutant hath served, and what was or were the Bate or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that ia Adjutant so appointed to ierve with the Rank of Captain,

Mrbf virtue of the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or othenrik, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Local Militia: Provided also, that no such A^-jjtaat fact, by reason of any such Appointment as aforesaid, be en-to receive any greater 01 other rav or Allowances than thol'e flf Adfcittinta

" I, + LXXVIII. And

His Majesty to appoint Adjutants from the Army or Militia, who shall preserve their Rank in the Army, and may be appointed to the Rank r-f Captain after ive Years Service, though not qualified.

No Adjutant so appointed to the Rank of Captain shall command a Captain of a Company, or be entitled to greater Pay thta Adjutant.

C. 38.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

To Corps of cot Ms than Two Companies a Surreon may be appointed, &c.

la what case Surgeons, to receive Pay and Allowance of Surgeon* of Infantry, and holJ Commission at Subalterns.

Quarter Master

appointed, &c.

No Adjutant, Sec appointed v'ap-tain of Company, nor any Cq>Uin of Company appointed Adjutant, & c.

Hall Pay Officer! serving niny receive He if Pay

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, in erery Regina

Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, confiding of not less than Companies, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such Con Riding or Place, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to app One fit and proper Person, who shall have passed an Examinatioa Surgeons Hall, or at the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and1 ccived*his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of such Reging Battalion or Corps 5 and every such Appointment shall recite i Certificate of the Person so appointed, and an attested Copy thrt shall be transmitted to and filed with the Clerk of the General Me ings; and every such Burgeon shall, while the Local Militia to whi he shall belong are disembodied, receive Fifteen Shillings per Day! every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise of such Lq Militia under this Act, and One Guinea for every Day that he I attend the Enrolments at the Subdivision Meetings; such lad 9) tioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenaif Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Receiver Geneid the County, Riding or Place, to which fr.ch Local Militia shall) long*; and every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid, shall, dot the time of the Local Militia to which he shall belong being embe A receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry in Majesty's other Foroes, and be subject to the like Rules, Restrii

and Directions, in every respect, as far as the fainejmay be applies

ty, Ridiq

and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, on the! commendation of the Colonel or other Commandant the eof, to j to such Surgeon a Commission as Lieutenant or Ensign in such ] ment or Battalion; but no such Surgeon shall be capable of re any Pay in respect of any such Commission in such Local Mi during the time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful( the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion Corps of Local Militia, with the Approbation of His Majesty, appoint One fit and proper Person to be the Quarter Mafier of a such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively; and it shall be If ful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, for wtf such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, on the Recomroenl tion of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Master to fcf with the Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quad Master may not have the Qualification required by this Act I Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that W Quarter Master shall not be capable of holding any Commissiosi receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company is d Local Militia, during the time of his being such Quarter Master! aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Surgtt or Quarter Master in the Local Militia, shall be capable of be appointed Captain of a Company, nor shall any Person holding ft Commission of Captain of a Company be capable of being appoints Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Master of Local Militia.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who 11 a titled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit fbcj Half Pay. during the time he shall serve as Colonel, Lieutenant Ce lonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Made

153

52 GEO. III. C. 3I.

r Surgeon in the Local Militia, but that the same shall nevertheless ontinne; and in dead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Offi-n to eotitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Jficer so entitled to Half Pay, and fenring as aforesaid, shall take the Wowing Oath:

I A.B. do swear. That I had not, between the A and the any

or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, I. besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in

w late Regiment of save and ex-

f apt my Pay as [Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major Captain, k Lfrotenaot, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Master or Surgeon, as the iufe may be], for Terving in the Local Militia.'

padthr taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, p faficirnt to entitle such Person to receive his Half ray.

LLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals 1 Drummers, shall be appointed to the Local Militia, in the fol-nris? Propositions; that is to say, there shall be One Serjeant and be Corporal to every Twenty private Men; and there shall be Two frxmmere to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer r each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confiding of he or more Companies as aforesaid; and all Serjeants, Corporals id Drummers, not being retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarts io the manner herein after directed, shall take the Oath herein-ffore directed to be taken by Persons chosen by Ballot to serve the Local Militia; and that all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, ko mar have consented or been engaged to remain on Permanent tj at Head Quarters as herein after directed, shall take the following mh; that is to say,

H A B.do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be true and I faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, raod that I will faithfully serve in the Local Militia within Great Ijriten, for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally dif-|xforged.'

hod all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers receiving permanent fiY as such from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be deemed b be engaged, and shall be compellable to serve in such Regiment, Mttafion or Corps, until they shall be legally discharged, and when

tinsdual Service shall be new clothed once in Two Years: And Colonel or otheT Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or fCorpi, confiding of Two or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant ^pKajpr, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, !Wboa or Corps, confiding of Three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major: Provided always, that no Person who shall, -keep ay House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale4* Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall; capable of being appointed, or of serving or receiving permanent 'ftjr as an Adjutant, Quarter Master, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer in the^Local 'Militia.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Cor-

Col or Drummer, whether upon permanent Pay or otherwise, may Acharged by the Colonel or other Commandant, and the said Cdond or 0 ther Commandant may appoint any proper Person in the

Room

on taking following

Oath.

Propositions of Non Comroiflion Officers and Drummers.

Oath to be taken by Non Commission Officers and Drummer* on permanent Pay.

Serjeant Majors and Drum Majors appointed; but no Publican shall serve as Serjeant, See.

Commandants may discharge Serjeants, Stc. and appoint others.

*5 4

Extra Drummers kept as Lifers or Mud. dans, at Expence of Regiment,

Local Militia when embodied entitled to Fay, See, as Regular Militia.

Local Militia entitled to Allowance for Necessaries.

His Majesty may put Local Militia under Command 0/

general Office*;

C. 38.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Room of every Serjeant, Corporal find Drummer, who shall desert, be difTmifled or discharged, all which Serjeants, Corporals I Drummers, so appointed, shall take (lie like Oath as i hereiob'required to be taken by Serjeants, Corporals and Drunamcr*1

tively.

LXXXIV. /\.nd be it further enact<'dt That in case HUMajd Lieutenant for any County, Riding pr Place, or the Colonel or c Conmpindant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local I shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of DrummerHll is hqcin directed to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the i of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall be defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may! lawful for such Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commandant, toreif in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps, any Number} the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifers or Mufieil therein, over and above the Number established by this Act, r* any time hereafter to engage any additional Number of lVumiMfst ad as Fifers or Mqfivians m their respective Regiments, Battalioan Corps; and all such Drummers so retained or in future engaged! serve in any such Corps as Fifers or Musicians, shall he cer* Drummers of Local Militia within the Meaning of this Act, to} Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the hi Orders, Regulations, Penalties and Punishments, as other Dntnw* of Local Militia are by this Act subject, and shall continue to fak as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and CfotM as other Drummers have, or better Clothing in lieu thereof, anil longer.!

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Local when drawn out and embodied shall be entitled to the same Pay* Allowances, for themselves and Families, according to their respect Ranks, as His Majesty's other Militia Forces when drawn out* embodied.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Per&Mi eoiok to serve in the Local Militia under this Act shall, upon being aftf bled for Training and Exercise under this Act, be entitled to a St not exceeding Ten Shillings and Six pence for the Firffc Year oft Service, and Five Shillings and Three pence for, each fucqeeding Y<* of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company I which such Man shall belong, for the Purpose of providing and ktt| ing up such Necessaries for such Peribn as may be specified in tv Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State to that Ested; atulJ such Sums of Mouey shall, at the Couclufiop of each Period of Ea ercife or Service as aforesaid, be accounted for, by the Captain com roanding each Company, to the Quarter Mailer of the Re^naal Battalion or Corps to which such Captain shall, Wong; and ihcE* hduc, if any, paid to such Quarter Mailer, who shall account forth same, to the Secretary at War: Provided always that no pejrfoaittl be entitled to receive any Allowance for Necessaries* who shall have been present during the whole of the Period of Annual. Ewdi

LXXXVIL. And be it further enacted, That it.shall he.Wftdfa Majesty, to put: the Local Militia enrolled under this assembled for Training or Exercise in time of War, or.when embodk as herein after motioned in like manner as the Regular Militia wiw embediedi. undef Cpmmaml of such Gep/erai Q % r*oIiii Be

jub

*55

52 GEO. III.

C-3-

grip Foroes, as His Majesty shall please to appoint; any thing in J|if Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

TAJCXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful His Map#y to order and direct that the Local Militia to be raised ggkr this 4c> shall be called out within their respective Counties in $|t Year at such times, in such manner, and in such Propositions and Bad? such Regulations as His Majesty shalldireft in that Behalf, for & juipole of being trained and exercised, Regard being had to the fieaj Circum fiances of each County, and to the Seasons most im-gytant to the Course of Industry and Cultivation within the same; ajyl the Periods and Places for such Exercise shall be appointed by of Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, with tjf Approbation of His Majesty: Provided always, that no Local fia Men under this Act shall be trained or exercised any greater er of Days in the whole in each Year than Twenty eight entire exclusive of Days of arriving at and Departure from and f*whi8g to and from the Place appointed for Exercise (for which extn Days the Pay and Subsistence allowed to His Majesty's Forces oi March shall be allowed); and no such Local Militia shall be ordered to march for such Training and Exercise out of the County mtiiii which any such Local Militia shall have been enrolled, unless a herein after directed.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order notified by His Secretary of State, upon the Application of the Lieutenant of any County in which the principal Town or TU'ns of such County (kali not afford sufficient Accommodation for the Quartering of the Local Militia of the County, during the Training and Exercising of such Local Militia, or in any case in which it in^y be more convenient with respect to the Residence of the per tons enrolled in such Local Militia, and to the Distajice which such PerfoDS may have to march for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, to authorize and aUpw, and to order the Local Militia of (ach County, or any Regiment^ or Regiment thereof, or any Dt> fedbaent or Company of any such Regiment, to be marched into any a^iaipg County for the Purpose of training and exercising*any tbiagin this Act to the contrary oo.twithstanding.

XC. And be it further enadfcecb That when the Lopa) Militia of my County ftuJJ have been so calfed out ibr. the Porppfe of being trained and, ejcercifed, it shall, he lawful foi! hhs Majesty by any Order qRk Priori pal, Secretary of State, at anytime that He may think $t, to order and, direct any Part or Proposition of such Local Militia to he difauffed, and its Exercise tP he discontinued; mid from time to time again to direct the alfifipbfing of, any such Local Militia, or my Part or Proposition thereof for the Purpose of being trained and e^rohd, as to His Majesty may seem necessary, according to the Robs mi Provisions in this Act contained.

XCl And be it further enacted, That in.case any Peribn enrolled to (me as a ^riyate in the Local Mfiitja under this Act shall be de? itv^ofrcmqwg from Ooc County to another. County, at any time ftrtkge* durlpg the Period of his. Service, it shall be lawful for him so to toupon giving Notice in Writing.to hist Commanding Officer, who the ume to the Lieutenant.or Deputy Lieutenants, or the dtrkfftthtLieiilepancy, ofjtju? County to which such Local Militia Ru touoii to tcmpxe.; and svgy.Yuch. Locals Man fix re-

moving,

and may order it to be called out yearly to be trained.

Men not to be trained for mote than 28 Days in a Year, nor be ordered to march from County in which enrolled.

In what case Local Militia may be marched into adjoipipg County,

His Majesty qa*y dismiss any Part of such Militia Men, and discontinue Training, 5cc.

Men may remote firoro One County to another;

Penalty*

but not during Period of training.

Men not appearing.

[Penalty.]

C. 38.

5 2 GEO. III.

A.D

Lord Lieutenant, Sec. may call out Local Militia for Suppression of Riots.

When focalled'out, deemed assembled for Training, and same notified to Secretary of State; but not to be kept so assembled orare than 28 Days in' One Year.

moving, shall foe received into the Local Militia of the County, if tl be any Local Militia enrolled in such County; and if not, into Local Militia of some adjoining County to that to which he shall removed, and shall continue to serve therein for the Remainder of Term for which he shall have been enrolled 5 and every such L Militia Man who shall not present himself to the Deputy Ueutefl of some Subdivision in such County or such adjoining Court aforesaid, for the Purpose of being enrolled in the Local 1! thereof, and who shall not transmit to the Commanding Officii the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from which he shall have within One Month after the Expiration of such Annual Trains Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalia Corps into which he may have been received, of his having been trained and exercised in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall feit double the Sum which such Person would have forfeited i had not appeared to be trained and exercised in the Local MditS which he was b&llotted under this Act; and every Person who again remove, or who shall proceed to any other County, than tfctf which he shall have first given Notice, shall in like manner again Notice, and transmit Certificates as aforesaid: Provided always, { it shall not be lawful for any Person enrolled to serve as a Local litia Man to remove from One County to another County, during time that the Regiment to which he belongs shall be assemb without having first obtained the Consent of his Commanding OS expressed in Writing.

XCII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That it shall lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or for the Vice Lieutenant of County, or for the Sheriff of any County, or, in the Abfeoce of Lord Lieutenant and Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, any Two Justices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to < out and assemble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local M3! of such County, for the Suppression of any Riot or Tumults in ft County, or in any adjoining County 5 and every Person then inrol in the Local Militia so called out as aforesaid, who shall not |app and join his Regiment within such Time and at such Place as shall specified in any Notice or Notices put upon Churches, Chapels other conspicuous Places, or otherwise publickly given, shall be fi jed to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in this A for not appearing when the Local Militia shall be assembled Training and Exercise: Provided always, that it shall be lawful any Justice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that Person not appearing was prevented by Absence, or any unavoidaB cause from receiving such Notice, or appearing as aforesaid 5 aj all such Local Militia, when so called out and assembled on such Si vice as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be assembled for Training u Exercise under this Act \ and all Provisions relating to the Lod Militia when assembled for Training and Exercise shall apply to tl Local Militia called out upon such Service as aforesaid, and all Da of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training ai Exercise under this Act: Provided always, that when any Local b! litia shall be so called out as aforesaid, the same shall be immediate notified to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, fij His Majesty's Approbation thereof: Provided also, that no fndf

Local

157

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

Local Militia shall be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Ser-fice for any longer Period than Twenty eight Days in any one Year; pd if any such Service shall arise after any such Local Militia shall have been trained and exercised for the full Period of Twenty eight Day? in such Year, then and in such case the Days of such Service finll be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercising of the succeeding Year.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person able and fit to sene, being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, or an Out Pensioner on the Establishment of the said Hospital, and being appointed to serve as a Serjeant in the Local Militia, may Jtad shall receive the Allowance to which he is entitled on the ment of the said Hospital, together with his Pay from the said Local Militia; and any Person who shall have faithfully served % a permanent Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the Local MBtia for Twenty Years, or any Person who having previously served a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man in the Regular Army, or as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Regular Militia, Hull by Service in the Local Militia make up on the whole such Period of Twenty Years Service in the Army, Militia and Local Militia taken together, and who shall be discharged on account of Age or Infirmity, shall, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or Other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he Hongs, and the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding or Place to which the said Regiment, Bat-f(oa or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Abfeoce of the said Lieutenant) on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant, and Three or more Deputy Lieutenants sf such County, Riding or Place, be entitled to Examination at the IUfu Board, and be capable of being placed on the Establishment of the said Hospital at the Pension of Five pence per Diem, if the iad Board should judge him deserving thereof.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That, during such time as any Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and fensdbd, or for the Suppression of any Riot or Tumult as aforesaid, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in any Adfc of Parliament which shall then be in force for the punishing Mutiny ard Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their bittltasj and in the Articles of War made in pursuance of such Act, shall be in force with respect to such Local Militia, and to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of tht same, in all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall ex-tefkdtoLife or Limb; and' that it shall be lawful for the Officer awttding and present with any Detachment or Division of Local Militia called out to exercise under any of the Provisions of this Act, oot bring under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he shall think it aeceflary, a Regimental Court Martial to be held for the Trial of nee committed by any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or prime Man under and during his Command; and if a sufficient Number tif Officers shall not be present to constitute such Court Martial, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Bat-tabon or Corps of Local Militia, to which any such Detachment or Dirifion of Local Militia shall belong, and he is hereby required upon Application made to him by the Officer commanding such Detachment

Serjeants of Chelsea Hospital ind Out Pensioners, may receive Allowances therefrom, together with Pay in Local Militia. Serjeants, Sc c. having served in Local Militia ao Years may receive Chelsea Pension.

During Time of Exercise, Mutiny Act and Articles of War how far in force.

Officer commanding any Division of Local Militia called out to exercise, not being under Rank of Captain, may aider Courts Martial to be held, and Commandant of Regiment, on Application, shall order a sufficient Number of Of*

A.D. 1812.

158 C. 38. GEO. III.

ficers to attend, but Sentence shall besub-tnitted to Commandant,

Offences committed during Training may be tried afterwards.

Notices of Time* and Places of Kxercile lent to tSubdivision Meeting?, who fbulliffueOiders tc*r calling out Men; Notices iidvertifed and: dKxeri ori CiwrcK Doors, diffident.

merrt or DMfitfn for that Purpose, to order a sufficient Mnrnteri Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Purpose of assisting at foi Court Martial, who shall forthwith attend the same, and assist 1 Meftibfers thereof; and the Sentence of every such Conlrt Mail shall in every case he submitted to the Colonel or Other Commandant the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Detachment or 1 vision shall belong, or (in his Absence from the County, Riding 1 Place) to the Senior Field Officer within the same, for his Apprmfl thereof, who shall cause such Sentence to be put in Execution, not gated or remitted as he shall in his Discretion think heft for the Q& vice: Provided always, that every such Court Martiat which xdl have been assembled for the Trial of any Offender as aforesaid, dnril the Period of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being assembled ( Training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tucoofe may continue to fit not with (landing the Dismissal of the Regimes Battalion or Corps, to which the Members composing the Col Martial may belong.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, and Private Man of the Local Militia, who !hd( during she Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to whid

he shall belong, being embodie d or a (tumbled for Training and # - ts and Tumults, have been gullfl

erCife, or for the Supprdlion of Riots and Tumults, have been gu of any Offence against any Act of Parliament in force for the Pun] irtent of Miitinv and D*efertion, or any Articles of Weir made in (NR ftiaUce of any such Ad, and shall have been put under Arrest for, shall hav^ been reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion Corps, t&have committed such Offence before the Difembodyrog l) Dismissal of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by >4 General or Regimental Court Martial confiding of Officers of tM Militia or Local Militia, and if found guilty may be punished IA such Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to vdsA such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man shall belong shall not then be embodied or assembled, in like manner as any Office^ Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or Private Man of the Local Militl niay be tried during the Period of the Local Militia being embodied.' XCVI. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times ad Places of Exercise of the Local Militia Men to be raised by virtue this Act shall, by Order of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or (is the Absence of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) of any Three W puty Lieutenants, be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings H tire Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in the respective CotrtN tiefc, Ridings and Places: and shall be atfvertifod by the Clerk of the General Meetings Three TitfieB irt the County Paper, or if ity County shall hdve no Paper, then in the Paper of same adjoirior Cofrnty, and the Deputy Lieutenants, at same Subdivision Meeting tb bd held for carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the said Notide'si shall cause the Men serving for such Subdivide* be catted out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meeting as aforesaid, and for that Pm* plbfe shall ifue Orders to the Chief Constables, of other Officer* d the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Dm* fitoris respectively, with Dit&ions to forward the same to the Co* Rabies, Tythingmen, Headboroughs artd other Officers within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Dirifiont,

which

A.D. 1812.

2 GEO. III. C. 38.

*59

: a n Conilabks, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers, bail caofc inch Notice as aforesaid, to be affixed on the Door of the .'hcrcbesor Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythinga places, or (ifany Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging hereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish,

Vi; or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice so advertised or Ibxcd Miforekiid, shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person '-.rotted by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the

of written Notices in manner herein after directed; and luchf ConftaMes t#

'V, fy* hingrneri, Headboroughs and other Officers, are hereby give written - i nio to give Notice in Writing to the several Local Militia Notices to Menmo shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such Times lo*ued.

Fbces respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the it their ufoal Place of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place T iv-ooed ia fncli Order; and all such Local Militia Men shall duly si the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notices rr't^edwdy.

Vlf. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Clerks of Sub'll Meetings in every County, Riding or Place, shall, within division Meet-jpnc? of Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notices as aforesaid, jn?s 10 fen<* row the Clerk of the General Meetings, cause a full and trite Lift* en-

tying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Persons place of*6 fd (within each Subdivision respectively)to serve in such LoCal Ererase, to ind the Time and Place of Exercise to be transmitted to the Commanding t>-rruanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local' 0|hcers&c* for which such Persons have been enrolled by virtue of this A r or to such Person as shall be appointed by (\ich Commanding r to receive the same, and shall in like manner cause a Dupli-f such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of the said Regi-Bettalion or Corps.

/III. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Per- When P.iy of HVi to serve in the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Men called out mien not embodied and called ont into aftoal Service, and to Erercife, to Bail be called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised i, dial I commence upon the Day on which such Person shall^ i*e Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division to Ik Ihwl belong, and Uot before.

X. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Local Mi- Local Militia

strall on hi* March to the Place udiere he shall be ordered Man falling sick

Jfof the annual Exercise, be disabled by Sickness or other- n March how

r* iViU be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, r", ieveJ*

!or Plice, of 3ttv Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City,

or Plate where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his

d d Seal, to order* him such Relief, as such Justice, Mayor or

r Mjpfti it.shall think reasonable, and the same shall be given

-('Tti* of the Parish, Tything or Place where such Local

a M.shall then be; and the Officers giving such Relief shall,

produ-cinan Account of the Expences thereof to the Quarter

i.roi t K- Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Local Mi-

Man shall belong (such Account being first allowed under the

had of a Justice of the Peace), be re-imbursed such Expences by

: Quarter Milter, who shall be allowed the same in such Accounts*

C. And be it further enacted, That it {brail be lawful for all Magistrates may

or, Ib i; s and ether Chief Magistrates, and for ail Constables,

6 7 rP .*Militu when

o 1 ythmjrir "

Goooore

{men,

A.D. 1811.

called out to annual Exercise, and when not embodied may order Lodgings, &c. for Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers.

Justices to grant Warrants for impressing Carriages for Local Militia on its March.

Rates paid for Carriage*

C. 38.

52 GEO. III.

Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Peace Officers of Citioqi Towns, Parishes, Tythings and Places, and (in their Default or fence) for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or

any City, Town, Parish, Tything or Place, but for no others, 1

they and he are and is respectively hereby required to quarter billet the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers, and vate Men serving in the Local Militia at the Times when they be called out to annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Ho Victualling Houset, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Si Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin, by Retail, upon Applk made to any such Mayors, Bailiffs or other Chief Magistrates, or any Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Peace O"* by His Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Comm Officer of the Local Militia, of the County, Riding or Place they shall be so called out to Exercise as aforesaid; and when Local Militia is not embodied, nor called out to Exercise as afore all Mayors and other Chief Magistrates and Officers aforesaid, or their Default or Absence) any One Justice of the Peace as afoi may, and they and he are and is hereby respectively required to and provide convenient Lodging, with Fire and Candle in such Hod| as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Loci Militia on permanent Pay.

CI. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia (hi be called out to be trained and exercised, or for the Supprefliofe4 Riots or Tumults, any Justice of the Peace of any County, Ridi or Place being thereunto required by an Order from the Lieu tea* or from any Deputy Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Places from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regimd Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Dividen of Local Militia, bei within such County, Riding or Place, may and shall issue his Want to the Chief Condables of Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakeii Dividons, or to the Condables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or ot Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings or Places, from, throq near, or to which any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachtn or Dividon of Local Militia, shall be ordered to march, requiring th to provide such sufficient Carriages to convey the Arms, Cloaths, i coutrements, Ammunition, and other Stores, with able Men to dr such Carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said Order; and in 0 such sufficient Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any fs| County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Divide Parish, Ty thing or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for any joining County, Riding or Place, may and shall, upon such Order i aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his Warrant to the Chief Cq dables, Condables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers < any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Dividon, Parish, Tythq or Place within such adjoining County, Riding, or Place, for tl Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Dedciency of Carriages ai Men; and such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel, or othl Commanding Officer, requiring such Carriages and Men to be pfl vided as aforesaid, shall at the same time pay to every such Chief Col dable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, for the Use I the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men, Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Five Horftd and any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horiqj

161

S2 Geo. m.

C. 38.

W1 respectrptlj travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile iy such Cart with Four Horses shall travel, and so in Proposition for any Carriages drawn by any less Number of Horses or Oxen 5 for vhkh respective Sums every Chief Constable, Constable, Tything-naa, Headborough or other Officer receiving the same, is hereby mnnied to give a Receipt to the Person paying the same 5 and every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Oficer, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Car-rij^ within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, Bnioos, Parishes, Tythings or Places, as they shall think proper, to jraridc and fumifti such Carriages and Men, according to the War-rat aforesaid; and every Person so ordered, is hereby required to pro-ride and fizrnish the same accordingly for One Day's Journey, and no mm; and in case any such Chief Constables, Constables, Ty thing, a, Headboroughs or other Officers, shall be at any Charges for such over and above the Money which shall be so received by dm as aforesaid, such Overplus shall be borne by every County, or Place, where such additional Expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to them without Fee or Reward by the Treasurer of every (sch County, Riding- or Place out of the publick Stock.

CII. And be it further enacted, That, when any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, or any Detachment or Division thereof as afaredud, shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and emtifed, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of my Company, to put the Local Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding Four pence per Day, for the Purpose of wilding them with Linen, and also with such other Necessaries, as ml be specified in any Order from the Secretary of State to that ESe&, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which felfcate been broken or damaged by any such Local Militia Man's Netted: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Oncer fall account with each Local Militia Man for such Stoppage, sad riser having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for Neerfcnes, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum reariring (if any there shall be) into the Hands of the Local Militia Mas to whom the same belongs, before such Local Militia Man shall be tfmiffed from such Training and Exercise.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colpnel or other Com-jconding Oficer of every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local {M$tia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be called foot to Exercise as before directed, and within Fourteen Days from theme of assembling, shall and he is hereby required to return to the Limtenatof the County, Riding or Place to which the same belongs, a true State of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and a Duplicate thmri to the Clerk to the General Meetings, to be filed; and all such Lift] shall flat? the Numbers actually present, adding thereto the Kaats of those that have been absent without Leave of the Com-naodmt, or without transmitting Certificates of ill Health; and where the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised in Parts or Propositions succes-manner directed by this Act, the Officer commanding every Wa'hst oT Proposition for the Time being shall, within Seven Days litortbeaflembling of such Part or Proposition, make a Return of the Statesf the Local Militia exercised by him or under his Command 52Gto.III. M^ 1^to

If Expence exceed Rates, Overplus repaid by County Treasurer.

Local Militia Men when called out to Exercise put under Stoppages for providing them with Linen, See.

Returns of Local Militia when called out to he exercised, to be made by the Colonel, Sec. to the County Lieutenant, &c.

A.D. 1812.

i6s

C38.

j2 GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion Corps, to which the Local Klilitia so exercised shall belong, on R of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Omission 5 and the Cole or Commanding Officer receiving such Return shall, within Foot* Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment, ^talion or Corps, who shall have been so assembled, shall have IJ received by him, transmit a General Return to the Lieutenant off County, Riding or Place, to which such Local Militia shall beki and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meed* to be filed; and in case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for Th Months, after the time herein appointed for making uich Retain* to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of H Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the Captain or Coma* ing Officer of every Company of Local Militia called out to exc* under this Act shall, during the time of such Exercise, make oaf corned and accurate Return of the State of the Classes of the I belonging to his Company, arranged according to the Form ia j Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), specifying the fa* Particulars therein mentioned, and the Subdivision to which e* General Ret urn K such Man shall belong, and shall deliver or transmit the same tel end transmit Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or, where their be no Adjutant, to the Commmanding Officer of the Local Ml of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Company dnl| long; and such Adjutant or Commanding Officer (as the case* be) shall, within One Month after every such Exercise as aforj prepare and make out a general and accurate Return of all

Classes, according to such Form, and with such Specificauoij

menu therefrom, aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the G<* Cl.rk to Gene- Meetings, and shall also transmit to the Clerks of the Subdnfl Meetings, within the County, Riding or Place, to the Local Mi of which he shall belong, Extrads of such Return, contain^ State of the Classes of Men belonging to their respective Subdir and such Subdivision Clerks shall forthwith conned the Boo Enrolment of their respective Subdivisions, so as to correspond rately with such Return; and the Clerk to the General M< shall forthwith, upon Receipt of such Return as aforesaid, and Two Months after the Expiration of such Exercise as afor make out and transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Sccrr of State, correct Abilrads of all such Returns as aforesaid mad in the Form in the Schedule marked (E.), to thisAdaone and every Person so required as aforesaid to make any such Re who shall wilfully refule or neglect to make the same in manner said, at the Period hereby required for that Purpose, shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CV. And be it further enacted, That every Local Militia (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who (b appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being excrcifa cording to the Directions of this Act, (Notice having been puM and given a* by this Act required) shall be deemed a Defcrtet if not taken until after the time of any such Exercise, shall ferfa pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and also every Local Militia who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to whi belong^ or any Company or Companies, or Detachjnrat or Di

Neglect

[Penalty.]

Captains of Companies to make ut Return for Adjutant, or where none, for Commend ing Officer, who shall make out a

same to Clerk of General Meeting, and necessary Extrads to Clerks of Subdivisions, who Hull correct their Books of Enrol-

ral Meeting to transmit to Se-cretaryof St.no an AbArad of Returns.

[Penalty.]

Wen not appearing at Ex ere he, or absenting.

[Penalty.]

1

C. 38. 163

Exercise, and shall not be taken until after the time of such Exercise,

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if such Pe- Penalty, nally fluH not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any Local Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence,

shall commit such Local Militia Man to the House of Correction to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not exceeding Three Months, and ot kfs than Fourteen Days, or until he shall have paid the said Amity.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Local Militia Men aWentinf Man shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not lhenlfelve^ tetani and voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other ukewfthuj

Ofieer, Commissioned or Non Commissioned, commanding at the Three Months, City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion others balloted w Corps to which he shall belong, shall be deposited, or shall not be for* tikes within the Space of Three Months from the time of his so ddertsg or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Local Militia Man was carolied, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace are hereby required to bold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned to such Regiment,

Battalion or Corps, in the Room of such Local Militia Man; and re*

wcafe such Local Militia Man shall at any time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen fcrvj* * in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same manner and for the few Term, as if no Person had been so chosen in his Room.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for Muflc'tsmarked* the Service of the Local Militia shall be marked distinctly in some tidbit Place with the Letters (L M), and the Name of the County,

Riding or Place to which they belong; and in case any Local Militia Selling, &c.

Mjq Stall fell, pawn, or lose or wilfully damage any of his Anns, Arms, &c. or

Cloaths, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or neglect or refuse to

Trtnniwhen required to do so the same in good Order to his Captain, Order.1'

or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Local 5

Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum

not exceeding Three Pounds; and if such Local Militia Man shall Penalty.

not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before

whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three

Mouths, or until he shall have paid such Penalty.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Buying Local ksotrisgiy and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or other. M, l|lU A*rns> wife improperly receive any Local Militia Arms, Cloaths or Accoir-c* troBttti, or any such Articles belonging to any Local Militia Man is at generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or may have been fptrified as such in any Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State tothatEffcft, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by the m<*y allowed under this Act for providing Necessaries, or by D$-drihm out of his Pay, or any publick Stores or Ammunition whatever Mrntl for the Local Militia, upon any Account or Pretence

ycy(bfotsoever,

A.D. 1812.

[Penalty.]

Imprisomr.ent.

When Local

Militi not embodied, how Adjutant*, See. may be tried.

Commandant of Corps to which Offender belong* may order any residentOffi-cf rs of Local Militia of County touflift at a C\*r.rt Martial, but not entitled to Ray. Sentence not put in Execution until confirmed by Colo: el, Sec.

Non ermmif-tward Officers,

C. 38. 52 GEO. III.

what foe ver, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offiroc the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediate^ pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattel whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she (hd be convicted shall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there I remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Six Month or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine, or shall cause fud Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Diferetiu of such Justice; and it shall be lawful for the Justice before who* any such Offender shall be convicted, to order him to be detanw in Custody until a Return shall be made to the Warrant of Distrek

CIX. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Quarta Master, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major ami Draft mer of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Qurt ters as herein after directed, shall be at all times fubiedtto any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and fa the better Payment.of the Army and their Quarters, and to tk Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Dramaei of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Add Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment, B* talion or Corps shall not be embodied or assembled for the purpose of Training and Exercise, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, CoP poral, Drummer or private Man of such Regiment, BattalionCorps, who shall have deserted while the said Regiment, Battalias or Corps was embodied, and shall not have been apprehended till afa it shall have been disembodied, but so that no Pui(hment shall extol to the Loss of Life or Limb.

CX. And be it further enacted, That, if a sufficient Number el Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it shall be lawftf for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to vrhidj the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held, shall belong, to order any Officers of the Local Militia of the County, Riding a Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, ad ally relideut within the Town where 'such Serjeant Major, Segea Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fist Miles thereof, to attend and assist as Members of such Court Mart who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and assist acco ingly, but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any ft Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence ol any Court M tial held as aforesaid on atiy Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Dn Major or Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put iu Ej cution, until it shall have been continued by the Colonel or oft Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Coi Martial was assembled.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal I Drummer of the Local Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court Alft

1

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

i6s

hal, be reduced to the Condition of a private Local Militia Man, &c. nwy ha to serve as such during any time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in reduced, case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, shall not then be embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Privates if not Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs shall be then em- ieltoed, dii-bowed or called out into actual Service to serve as aforesaid, until the chained.

bodying of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, after which time or at the End of the said Fifteen Months, as the case may be, if net regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service: Pro. ridfd always, that in case any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer serving ou permanent Pay shall have been reduced by Sentence of a Court Martial to serve as a Private Man, fur any Period not exceeding Fif. tec& Months, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall not by such Reduction be released fro in his Engagement, as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, but shall at the Expiration of the Period of his Re-do&on be again liable to serve as Inch until legally discharged; nor ihill any such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, during the Period of sech Reduction, be at Liberty to enlist or enter into His Ma-?s Regular Foroes, Navy, Marines or Regular Militia, unless with the Consent of his Commanding Officer specified in Writing.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court Martial Court Martial assembled for the Trial of any Serjeair, Cor- way lenience to poral, Drummer or Private M m of the Local Militia, to sentence L^or Rrgu-aov such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to serve in LuMUiib;

Be Local Militia, for any Period, not exceeding Four Years, over and above the Period for which he may be already enrolled; or to sentence any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to ferre for any Period not exceeding Three Years, in the Regular J' the County; and such Man shall thereupon be enrolled to fenefaracy such Periods, and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes,

CDttfofered a Militia Man during such Period; and it shall also be or to Impri&n* lawful for any General or Regimental Court Martial, by whom any ro<nt* such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may have been ftntesced to Imprisonment, to adjudge any such Serjeant, Corporal,

Vnumner or Private Man, to be imprisoned in any House of Correction, Common Gaol or publick Prison of the County, for any Period net exceeding Twelve Months.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers Gaolers to roof Prisons, shall if required so to do by any Presideqt of a General or ceive Prisoner*

: Regimental Court Martial assembled for the Trial of any Serjeant, when required i Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, treceive into their Custody, and confine for such time as they shall be respec-litriy required so to do, any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Prime Man who may have been sentenced to Imprisonment by any sech General or Regimental Coqrt Martial; and every Gaoler and X?eper of a Prison whq shall refuse to receive, and to confine, any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, shall forfeit for Penalty, rv-ry: uch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, tha^ Vxaitta*

I during the Continuance of any such imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol shall receive the full Subfillence of such Ser-f Jf, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man at the Rate of Six pence f-r Day for his Maintenance, during the time that such Serjeant,

Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, shall continue in Custody

A.D. 1812.

Commanding Officers may imprison Men previous to Court MartiaL

Arms, Sec.when Local Militia not embodied to be kept in Place appointed by Commandant with Apptoba-tion of County Lieutenant, to be under Care of Quarter Mailer.

His Majesty may order a Proposition of Serjeants, See. to remain on permanent Pay.

Commandant of Corps may agree sv'th Non Commissioned Officers, See. to frrvc ot reduced Pay, who shall take thefo.lown g

C. 38. 52 GEO. III.

which Sum of Six pence $'r Day shall be paid by the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which any such Serjeantj Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may belong, and shall be chargw and allowed in his Accounts.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which tl^ Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detach ment of Local Militia shall deem it necessary to confine any Serjeant; Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Regiment under his Coni mand, in order to hrs being brought to Trial before a Court Martial it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer, by Warrant unde his Hand, to commit such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Privat Man to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifun, Gad or House of Correction, who shall receive into his Custody andconfia such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man accordingly, fad Gaoler receiving the full Pay of such Serjeant, Corporal, Dimasa or Private Man, for his Maintenance during the time he may eon tinue in such Confinement: Provided always, that no such Serjeani Corporal, Drummer or Private Man shall continue in Confincmeni in order to his Trial by Court Martial more than Light Days, 0 until a Court Martial can conveniently be assembled.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrement Clothing, and other Stores, belonging to every Regiment, Battalia or Corps of Militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in such cook nient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant shall direct, wit the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place and that the Quarter Matter to such Regiment, Battalion or Corpst Local Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of such Arms, Accoi trements, Clothing and other Stores, under the Superintendence 0 the Colonel or other Commandant; and it shall be lawful for tti General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County, Riding or Plad to order and direct a convenient and proper Place for the Purpose 0 keeping such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores to Is provided or built, if no such convenient and proper Place can b found, the Hire or Cost of which Place shall be paid for by the Trfl surer of such County, Riding or Place, out of the County Rates.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that such Proposition of Serjeants, C01 porah and Drummers, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, tej gether with the Adjutant, Quarter Matter, and Staff Serjeants, 0 each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall remain on permanent Pay at the Head Quarters of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, as His Majesty shall order and direct.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in whicl His Majesty, by His Secretary of State or otherwise, shall hare 01 dcred and directed, or shall hereafter order and direct, that the Ser jeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia allowed t| remain on permanent Pay, shall be reduced in any Proposition beloii One Half of each Rank as herein after specified respectively, it (W be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion 01 Corps, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenantt or Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Lieutenant, in case the Lieutel nant shall be absent, and of His Majesty's Secretary of State, to agrtt with the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalioi or Corps, or any of them, or with any other Persons willing to engage

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 38. 1*7

to fare as such, notwithstanding the Number so willing to engage J tmj exceed the Half of each Rank, to serve as Serjeants, Corporals*and Drummers upon any reduced Pay, during the Periods of the Regi-nrot. Battalion or Corps not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, io such maimer as to the Number of Days' Pay to be allowed, or the Reduction of any Proposition of the Pay per Diem, as shall be authorised by the Secretary of State in that Behalf; and every Ser-i jent. Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to serve as such upon any such J reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath before some Depaty Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace of the County, or Magi-me of the Place to the Local Militia of which be shall belong which Oath every such Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, is hereby authorised to administer; that is to say,

1 A- B. do engage to serve as a [Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, Oath*as the c in the Local Militia of until

I shall be rged, upon the Terms of receiving

daring such Periods as such Local Militia shall not be embodied or ifleabled for Exercise.*

[ Afld every such Oath shall be reduced to Writing, and signed and at-

tried by the Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate, adminidering the same, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof shall, if required, he given to the said Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drurpmer so engaging to serve on such reduced 1 Pay as aforesaid, shall be compellable to serve in the Local Militia for the full Period of his Service, in the same manner as if he had received the foil Pay of his Rank therein, and shall be subject to the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better I Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War Bade in pursuance thereof; and it shall be lawful for any Command-sgOficerof Local Militia who shall engage any Serjeants, Corporals id Drummers to serve upon such reduced Pay, to retain such Number of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as shall be allowed by His Majesty's Secretary of State in that Behalf, so as that the whole Aroouot of such reduced Pay shall not exceed the Amount of the full Pay of the Number allowed in any such Order of Reduction as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary OOtwithfUnding.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Matter, NonCommlf-aadall the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, on permanent Pay in fi n Officers to trery Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia, shall con- ru le within a.bttiy be resident within the City, Town or Place, where the Arms Dl^nc

Woogipg to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps are kept, or within Arms are^kepn Oae Mile thereof, excepting when on Furlough as herein after directed, a, dbe under or vben ordered to be absent on Military Duty, under this Act, or Command of for the Purpose of raising br enlisting Men for the Regular Militia or Adjutant; and Majesty's Regular Fcrceg, (which Absence shall in no case be Monthly Re-far awre than Three Months in any One Year, nor shall any greater state made to Naober than One Fourth Part of such Serjeants, Corporals and Secretary of Drainers be absent at any one Time) and such Serjeants, Corporals State, &c. ted Drummers shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who shall

A.D. 1812.

Serjeants, Jrc. if nbfent without Leave.

Penalty. Adjutant absent without Leave, or for more than Three Months in the Year, except in Sii kness; and when absent, the Serjeants, &c. to be under Command of Quarter Matter, &c.

Serjeants, &c. may be ordered to raise Volunteers for Regular Forces or Militia.

Method of proceeding when Information is received of Residence of local Militia Man who shall rot join at annual Esercife, or shall deiert during it, and not b? apprehended.

C. 38.a* GEO-III.

shall be constantly resident within the said City, Town or Place, <* within Two Miles thereof, (unless as herein after provided), and dud act in such Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other Cos* mandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and that the Adjd tant, and, in his occasional and unavoidable Absence, the Seijen Major, or (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjen shall make Monthly Returns of the true State of the Serjeants, Cqtj porals and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps sevendlyi to His Majesty's Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the Cooooty, and to the Colonel or other Commandant of the said Regiment, Bah talion or Corps, in Default of which, on each such Neglect, fad Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall be subject to such Punishment m a Court Martial shall adjuge; and that no Serjeant, Corporal of Drummer, shall be absent from such City, Town or Place, witboot a Regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, signed by his Coload or other Commandant; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummeq who shall absent himself without such Furlough or Licence, shall (or* feit all Pay during the time of such Absence, and be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter; and such Adjutant (half never absent himself from such City, Town or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion orj Corps, nor for more than Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cases of Sickness: Provided nevertheless, that whenever fudri Adjutant shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such? Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall be under the Command 06 the Quarter Matter or Seneant Major, or of some Serjeant who fhaflt be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the faii-Colonel or other Commandant, to act as Serjeant Major during the * Absence of such Adjutant or of the Seuior Serjeant, when the Corp*f has not any Adjutant or Serjeant Major.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Hh> Majesty at any time to order and direct that the Serjeants, Corporal*3 and Drummers of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay it, Head Quarters as aforesaid, should be employed within their Tefpedin^ Counties under the Command of the Adjutant in raising Volunteer! for His Majesty's Regular Forces or for the Militia: Provided always, that no such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, who shall have consented to receive any reduced Rate of Pay during the Period of 1 the Regiment to which he belongs not being embodied or assembled'for Exercise, shall be compellable to be employed on such Service in any other Town or Place than that in which the Arms belonging to such Regiment arc kept, without his Consent specified in Writisg.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Local Militia Man I shall not join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, Detachment or Division to which he belongs, at the time of annual Exercise; or shall ! desert during the time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the time appointed for such Exercise, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment or Division to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reiide, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by 'Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment; Battalion; Corps; Detachment or Dirifion, at

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

the Time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the time of influal Exercise (as the case may be), and fend the lame by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Corps, of the County, Riding or Place wherein such deader is supposed to be or reside 5 and the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Senior Serjeant, to whom such Certificate shall be feat, seas! forthwith direct a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drwwm of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, to iSk in apprehending such Offender, and in conveying him before same Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, wherein fccb Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Consession, or the Telimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such ftdba h guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Cor-pofsb or Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia of the next County, Riding or Place in the Way to the County, Riding or Place, to which such Offender belongs, and de-|f?r him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Ae^'inrot, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, who fell cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the Adjutant or fenout Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Ser-of the Corps of the next County, Riding or Place, and so in manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, of the Corps to which he klongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be ink with as this Act directs in cases of Local Militia Men deferring or ahiomag themselves from their Duty when not embodied or called out into aaoal Service; and from the time of his being so apprehended aforesaid, until he is brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be subsisted at the Rate of Six pence per Day frdm the Stock of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, for which Subsistence such Justice is hereby required to make such Order upon the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place; and if any Serjeant, Cor- Method of pro-pond or Drummer, retained upon permanent Pay, shall desert from p^n*1* the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, it shall be fD^d lawful for toy Headborough, Constable or other Officer of the Town cd to be Non or where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be Commissioned such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended Officers or and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such 71*

Towa or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected ave certe Peisea; and if by his Consession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowlege of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he (halt be found, or the House oi Comdion er other publick Prison in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain wul he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorised

#r

A.D. 1812.

17P C. 3*, 52 GEO. III.

Gaolers to receive the Snh-fistence of Deserters while confined, but no Jee.

such I

ittfH

He*ll

to receive him ait lrercinafter directed, and shall transmit an At thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County* or Place, to which such Deserter belongs; and the such Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive Subsistence of such Deserter at the Rate above specined Maintenance, during the time he shall continue in his Custc shall qot be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of fonment; and such Clerk of the General Meetings, receW Account, shall immediately ttansmit a Copy thereof to the ( or Commanding Officer or the Regiment, Battalion or Cor County, Riding or Place 5 and also to the Adjutant or 1 commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of ment, Battalion or Corps retained on permanent Pay at the He ters; and wl*ere there are more than One Regiment, Batt Corps in any County, Riding or Place, such Clerk shall fa Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants or Con Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps, and also the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Cc Drummers, retained on permanent Pay at their respective.ters, within his County, Riding or Place; and the Colonel < manding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to wha Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Of- manding such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Rc Battalion or Corps, shall and he is hereby required, inure receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to fend any Serjeant, Cc Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Dr his Regiment, Battalion or Csrps, to the Place where such shall be so confined, and shall also fend by such Serjeant, Co Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding such-Party of Serjea porals or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand, to the Keej laid Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, requiring him such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, wk hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Dt whom fuen Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in only shall be sent on such Doty, shall apply to the Adjutant -jeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to tfco Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Riding or Place wh Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant, 1 Major or Serjeant, shall order a sufficient Party of the Seijeaattfcil porals or Drummers under his Command, to assist in rnim j mn Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant, or Seneaatjl of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of thf || to which he belongs, in the same manner as before dinrded spe& to the conveying of private Local Militia Men to the A| or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, oral Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjntm Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall take such Deserter before aJal of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which he hflM who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Comnoo Cl House of Corre6iiou or other publick Prison of such County, Ril or Place, where he shall remain, without Bail or Mainprise, a Court Martial can and shall be summoned, and held for the T| such Deserter, according to the Provisions of this Act, when he be delivered to the Person or Persons named in any Order to bt i!

A.D. 1812.

S2 GEO. III. C. 3&.

Purpose, under the Hand and Seal of the Officer by whnfe'vrity such Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the De-of such Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall lired (o to do by any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, era- # is conveying any such Local Militia Man or Serjeant, Cor-ford or Drummer To offending to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps which he belongs) receive into their Custody, and coniine such flfcle for such time as they shall be respectively so required as sot exceeding Forty eight Hours; and every such Gaoler rXaprrof any Prison who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the fciw Forty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drum-4m % while they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, so all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Sto while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which asy be commanded by any legal Authority, shall be bilfetted 4fkt wanner, as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to 7'* other Foroes, employed in apprehending and conveying {Misters, are to be billetted.

CXXL. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace whom any Deserter shall be brought, shall and may upon the Conviction of any such Deserter either before a Justice M the Peace, or by Sentence of a Court Martial, issue his Warrant fetfce Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which Deserter shall belong, or to the Commanding Officer, requiring Quarter Mailer or such Commanding Officer to pay out of the iogent Fund of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Sum of twenty Shillings to the Person who shall have apprehended such Wfrter; and such Quarter Mailer or Commanding Officer is hereby foborized and required to pay the same accordingly on Demand, u CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall febour, conceal or assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Won so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of |i*e Pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all case9 of actual fotfion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance as Enemy in force upon the Coaff of any Part of the United Jjsgdom, and in all cases of Rebellion and Insurrection, it shall be fer&l for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to few sot and embody such Local Militia, or any Part or Proposition fenos, and to direct all or any of such Local Militia Men to be Wtekd to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention and repelling durfoch Invasion, or for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Is-fennot* and to keep and continue such Local Militia so embodied feny Period His Majesty may deem requisite, not exceeding Six Wtcki titer the Enemy shall have been prevented or repelled or drives fern the Coast, or after such Rebellion or Insurrection shall bvebctsfuppressed; and from the time of any Regiment, Battalion Corpsof Militia being called out and embodied as aforesaid, until tk foe dull be returned again to its own County, Riding or Place,d disembodied by His Majesty's Order, the Officers, Non Com* rafeord Officers, Drummers and private Men of every such Regi-aett, Battalion or Corps, shall be subject to all the Provisions contained b any A & of Parliament which shall be then in force for puA&ag Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the

Army

>7i

Gaolers to re-reive and confine. Defer ters.

[Penalty.]

Serjeants. Vc. conveying Deserter?, or on any March to be billettecL

Persons apprehending Deserters to be paid so*, by Warrant of Justice before whom convicted.

Concealing, &c. Deserters.

[Penalty.]

His Majesty nmy order i.ocal Militia to be embodied in cases of Invasion, fee. and direct them to he marched into any Part of G. B. j and while so embodied, shall be subject to Mutiny Act and Articles of War*

*7*

Local Militia not to he ordered out of G. B.

Proclamation for Meeting of parliament.

When Local Militia ordered to be drawn out, County Lieutenants to issue Orders.

Jfotice to attend.

Local Militia Officers not to fit on Trials of other Forces nor contraxiwife.

Local Militia M?n not marching in pursuance of Order.

C. 3.

s %  Geo. nr.

A.D. 1812.

Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in fuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such and Articles of War, shall be in force with respetl to the Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non Commissioned cers, Drummers and private Men of the Local Militia, whj bodied as aforesaid, in all cases whatsoever.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatoi the Whole nor any Part of the Local Militia directed by this A be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or H to go out, of Great Britain.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever His shall cause the Local Militia to be drawn out and embodied as said, if the Parliament shall then be Separated by such Adjour or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His*may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the P< within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamai continue to fit and ad in like manner, to all Intents and if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the JLieutenai every County, Riding and Place, or (on the Death or Reimni any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Ridii Place) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any C from His Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole*Local Militia of such County, Riding or Place, shall be direde^ forthwith issue his or their Order to the Chief Constables, or Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or( Divisions within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables, thingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of the several Pat Tythings and Places within^their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Li Wapentakes and Divisions; and such Constables Tythingmen, t boroughs or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt tlrt forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several 1 Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within, respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, to attend at the Ti Place mentioned in such Order.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer fei the Local Militia shall (it in any Court Martial upon the Tti any Officer or Soldier serving in any of His Majesty's other F< or in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Officer, serving in a His Majesty's other Foroes, fit in any Court Martial upon the of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia: Pi always, that nothing in this Act shall be construed to prevent! Officer of the Regular Militia from fitting in a Court Martial^the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia. "

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ofl said Local Militia, ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforekj (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve M Local Militia Man), shall not appear and march in pursuanmj such Order, every such Local Militia Man shall be liable to befl prehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the ProvisiosW any Ad which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and m fertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,

---

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 38. 173

and of the Articles of War, made in pursuance of the same;

[Concealing.]

and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Local Militia Man, when ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Local Militia Man,

[Penalty.]

every such Person shall, for every each Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[Local Militia when ordered to be drawn out, entitled to Pay as Regular Militia; and entitled to Chelsea Hospital.]

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from the Date of His Order in Council or Proclamation as aforesaid, for drawing out the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, into actual Service, the Officers and Men of the Local Militia of such County, Riding or Place, shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's Regular Militia, and no other; and if any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Local Militia shall be maimed or wounded in such actual Service, he shall entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces.

[Pay of Officers and Men who shall not join on Day appointed, unless prevented by Necessity, shall commence only from Day of joining.]

---

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tty of every Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer and private Man,ho flail not join his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Mi-Bkt on the Day appointed for that Purpose, shall commence only loco the Day of his joining such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, sdefc such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man, shall live been prevented from joining on the Day appointed as aforesaid If SickDefs or any other inevitable Necessity, to be proved to the jStofcdion of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion br Corps; in which case such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drum* lr, or private Man may, by Order of his Commanding Officer, be fcexrated with for his Pay from the Date of His Majesty's Order h Council or Proclamation as aforesaid.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Per-fas enrolled to serve in the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Pbce, after such Local Militia shall have been embodied and called St into actual Service, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall Wong, and not before: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace by whom any such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order and direct an Allowance to be made to such Person for the Purpose of enabling him to pro-tied to and join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may Wong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay of so many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where he was enrolled to the Pha where the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps may be (lationed, to be tabulated at the Rate of not less than Ten Miles per Day, tdnWttfual Number of halting Days; and the said Allowance of Payiy he advanced to such Person at the Time of his Enrolment by rbc Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices aforesaid, or One of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, on the Production of a Certificate to that E(Te6t, figord by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, or One of them 5 and the said Receiver General shall be allowed for the same in his Accents accordingly,

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Mibttt of any County, Riding or Place, shall be ordered out into actual

Pay of Men in rolled after Local Militia embodied, when to commence. Allowance at Time of Enrolment to enable them to march. Paid by Clerk of Subdivision, who shall be repaid by Receiver General of I and Tax.

When Local Militia ordered oat, Receiver

C. 3^.

52 GEO. III.

A.

General of Taxes shall pay to Captain of every Company One Guinea for the Ute of each Man, and also for each Recruit as eady as may be after he has joined, to be laid out for his Advantage.

D.id

Captains to account with Men for same.

Whet Regiment is out of its County, a List of Men whole time shall be within Four Months of expiring and w ho llu.il be willing to continue in Serv ice, and for what Price, shall arcei tain Periods be transmitted by Commanding Otfker to Clerk

f, \ (fnn.il

Mevti.uiJ.

Signing Liti binding.

When Regiment ot L jcal Militia is Alfem-bleil for Training, Commanding Office* shall in*kc out Lift of Men who are

actual Service, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties u the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes such County, Riding or Place, shall and is hereby required f<l with to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of e Company of Local Militia so ordered out, the Sum of One Gl for the Use of every private Local Militia Man belonging ti Company; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to 0 Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as afoni the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit as early as may be I such Recruit shall have joined his Company, while out in actual)* vice as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by the said Receiver* neral shall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Monej received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so d thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think prd shall be laid out by him, agreeably to the Orders which he receive from the Colonel or other Commandant, in the manner i Colonel or other Commandant shall think most advantageous fot rcfoective Local Militia Men; and such Captain or Cornmaw Officer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Ml next ensuing that in which he shall have received such One Gu as aforesaid, account to such Local Militia Man how the said I of One Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall, at time of settling such Account, pay the Remainder of the Money" any) to the said Local Militia Man.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, whenever any fi giment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be embodied, a absent from the County, Riding or Place to which it belo igs, t Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Loc Militia, shall apply to every Man whose time shall be within So Months of expiring, and who in his Judgement, and after an E amination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion or Corp shall dill be fit to serve as a Local Militia Man, and inquire if he willing to continue in the Service for such Term as any Man wl should be then ballotted to serve would be futye& to, and for vrh Price or Sum, not in any case exceeding Two Guineas, he will so co tinue; and such Commanding Officer (nail, on the Fird Day of tl Months of January, March, May, July, September and Aoveml respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit t the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Pla< to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia b longs, a Lid of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Coq of Local Militia as he shall find willing to continue in the Servic on such Terms as aforesaid, and which Lid shall be signed by ever such Local Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the Son in the Schedule marked (F.); and that the signing of the said Lr shall be binding upon the Persons signing the same, to all Intents an Purposes whatsoever.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever an Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia shall be assemble for the Purpose of Annual Training and Exercise, the Commanding Officer of Rich Regiment, Battalion or Corp3, shall apply to ever Man serving in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whose time wil expire in the Course of the ensuing Year, who may be of the Heigh specified in this Act, and between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty

MXtsu.

z* GEO. lir.

C 38-

id who io his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Sur* poo of the Regiment* shall be fit to serve as a Local Militia Man* id who shall not have more than Two Children under Fourteen Years* ad esquire if be is willing to continue his Service for such Terra, as ny Man who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and br what Price or Sum, not in any case exceeding Two Guineas* he till so continue, and such Commanding Officer mall as soon after at eositcnicDtly may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place, to which his Regiment* Battalion r Cops belongs, a List of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion fr Corps; which Lift shall be signed by every such Local Militia Mas as aforesaid, and shall be made in the Form in the Schedule parked (F.); and the signing of such Lift shall be binding ou the Pevfoas figmng the same, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Gene-fal Meetings of every County, Riding or Place aforesaid, shall as {ban after the Receipt of such Notices as the same can be done, tradhat to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, for the Ufcof the Deputy Lieutenants acting in such Subdivisions, correct Extrads of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which the Clerk, to whom any such Lxtraft is sent, shall belong; and thereupon in case the Regiment* Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, if they shall think fit, to canfe the Men willing to continue to serve as aforesaid, to be enrolled as Volunteers for the particular and respective Parishes or Places for which they shall have been originally enrolled to serve, and in every such case to direct and require the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, to pay such Bounty or Bounties to be given to such Men so engaged, immediately upon their Enrolment; and in case such Regiment, Battalion or Corps should then be embodied* then to cause such Men to be enrolled as Volunteers in such manner as aforesaid, and to order and direct the Churchwardens or Omfcers as aforesaid to remit such Bounty or Bounties to be given to fsch Men to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which such Men shall be then serving, who shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively for the same,

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall lave been enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, and whose Term of Service shall be prolonged in the manner herein directed beyond the Term of Four Years, shall be entitled to the same Allowance for ^eeeffaries, and all other Allowances which are by this Act directed to be showed during the First Year of their Service to Persons enrolled in the Local Militia, and shall in like manner be entitled to such Allowances, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so enrolled to serve in the Local Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn ad enrolled in the said Local Militia, (not labouring under any Infirmity, incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man) shall not wids due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia o( tie.County, Riding or Place, for which he shall be so sworn and emcted, (in case such Regiment, Battalion cn Company shall then be OtMied) according to such Order, as shall be given him in that respect

*75

willing to continue Services,

Clerk of General Meeting? shall transmit to Clerk of Subdivisions Extracts of Return* and Deputy Lieutenants may cause Men willing to continue to be enrolled as Volunteers, and require Parish Officers to remit Bounties to Paymaster.

Allowance Men ivlmie Term of S'ervlci is prolonged.

If any Man enrolled shall not join, or if any of them, or any Serjeant, kc shall desert or abfeot himself. Proceedings.

A.D. 1812.

If His Majesty flull nrder Local Miltia, or Proport i(n thereof, to be embodied, County Lieutenant, fee. shall issue Ins Oder to Clerk* of Sub-4ivifiom, to make wt Lifts of l'tr-fons en* oiled. Duplicate Copy made for Deputy Lieutenants, and another transmi: -ted to Clerk of

c. 38. 52Gfib.m.

spect by the Ideutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, \ by any Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or by ij other Person authorised to give such Order; or if any Person fiiJ in any embodied Local Militia, or any Serjeant, Corporal or Dnj Jner, shall desert or absent himself from his Duty 5 every such { leant, Corporal, Drutomer or private Local Militia Man ftwH liable to be apprehended and punished, according to the Proviik* any Act which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny 1 Desertion $ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Ql ters, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the same, may by a General Court Martial be adjudged to further Servioj the Local or Regular Militia for some Period to be limited, Service in His Majesty's other Foroes, without Limitation astejj Period or Place of such Service according as the Court Martial btl whom he shall be tried, shall think fit to direct 5 and in case tiJ Court shall adjudge such Local Militia Man to serve in His MaOT other Foroes, and such Sentence shall be approved by His Mot it shall be lawful by Order under the Hand of the Secretary at IB or his Deputy, to cause such Man, if found fit for General Sens on Examination by a Surgeon of His Majesty's other Foroes, M entered as a private Soldier, to serve in such Regiment or CorpH His Majesty's other Forces as shall he directed in such Order, sa^j be forthwith conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Rtgig{ or Corps in which he shall be so entered, or to such other shall be directed in such Order; and shall, from the lime of hu bd delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable all the like Penalties and Punishments contained in any Ad the* force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as if he had been oq nally inlisted for general Service, or for the Regiment or Corps which he shall be so ordered to be entered as aforesaid. 1

CXXXVIII. And whereas it may be expedient that on Proposition of the Local Militia, and in such of the Counties, Rtdii and Places as shall be specified in any Order of His Majesty, Qtfi be drawn out and embodied in the First Instance, and that the m pointrrent of the private Men necessary to constitute such Propordj should be made or decided by Ballot or otherwise as is hcrcnwM mentioned in each Subdivision or District, without assembling tfc# previously out of the Subdivision or District to which they lxloag Be it therefore enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, SI ing or Place, or (in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lai tenant from his County, Riding or Place) any Three or more Dq*6 Lieutenants, to whom any Order of His Majesty for the Purpfi of embodying the said Local Militia, or such Part or PropaM thereof as His Majesty shall have judged necessary and ordered toll embodied, shall have been directed, shall, as soon after the Recdjft thereof as conveniently may be, issue his or their Order to the Cknl of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Riding or Pilot to prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing the NOTl of all Persons enrolled to serve in the said Local Militia by virtu of this Act, within each Subdivision respectively, and arranged I# cording to their Claftes as hereinbefore mentioned, before a to be specified in the fyd Order of the Lieutenant or Deputy LklIS tenants as aforesaid, and which Day shall not be later than Tfo# Days after the Date of such Order; and the said Clerks shall, wklw t7 lLt

12.

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

177

fce tine fixed by such Order, prepare and make out such Lifts fccordingly, and also Two Duplicates thereof, One of which Du-fcate* shall be fur the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants at their ffge&we Suhdirilioa Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof shall e transnmted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of k* Lietxteaaat of the County, Riding or Place, or the Deputy Lieu-KBaots who shall have issued such Order as aforesaid.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant f Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid to whom His Majesty's Order M be deeded, shall at the time of issuing his or their Order herein-kht mentioned, direct the Clerk of the General Meetings to ad-rtfle the Time and Place of assembling the Local Militia in the Jhwty Paper, or if any County shall have no Paper, then in the Paper f me adjoining County, and shall also issue his or their Order for Jfafekkg all the Men of the said Local Militia within their respective mfinsions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, and in such Propositions as to the said Lieu-naat or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall appear mo ft expe-iirut, ca the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order, is the Chief Constable or other Officers of the several Hundreds, tapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within such County, tiding or Place, with Directions immediately to issue Precepts con-armabie thereto to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or dher Officers of the fereral Paristies, Tythings and Places within the iid Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and Divisions respec-irdy; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Sfictn, are hereby required upon Receipt thereof forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the said Local Ifiiitia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respec-ite Parishes, Tythiwga or Places, to attend within their respective Sabdirifions or Districts, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Offer, and shall also cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tubings or Places, or (if any Place mall have no Church v Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel tffbme Parish, Tything or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice fesdrertifed or affixed as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to emy Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Ottifioo in the Delivery of written Notices in manner herein di-nrird; and all such Local Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Local Mffitia not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to fan* at a Local Militia Man, shall not appear in pursuance of such Oifer^ or, appearing, shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenant* attending in pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall be drifted a Deserter, and if not taken previously to the Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall be deemed mi takes to be a Person liable to be embodied within the Intent and seeing of thb Ad, and to serve according to the Directions herein cataiasd, over and abate the Number to be chosen by Ballot at afordad.

ja GEO. III. N CXLI.And

General Meetings

alro ifTne Order! for assembling Men within their respectire Subdivisions, and in such Propositions as shall appear most expedient; and Constables ftull cause a written Notice to be given Men to uttcnJ, and No* tices of Time and Place advertised and affixed upon Church^Doors.

Men not nppear-ing, or not a biding th? Otdc: s of the Deputy Lieuten.v ti. Pt-na't;

*78

County Lieutenant, See. to appoint First Sub-division Meeting for balloiting, and Time and Place lor afltm-blm^ Men cho-len, of uh; ch Deputy Lieutenant shall give Notice, and shall cuufe a Proposition of Men to be ballotted for, and their Names marked on Lid which is to be called over, and Names of Persons cholen returned to County Lieutenant, See. and Time and Plaoe of being embodied declared, and Men not chosen discharged from further Attendance.

Deputy Lieutenants may correct Claires.

C. 38. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1811

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant 1 Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid of every County, Riding or Pbcq any Three or more of them, shall appoint the First Meeting, ti holden by the several Deputy Lieutenants of the same County, Ri or Place within their respective Subdivisions, or at such other I! or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on the Dayl tioned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the Local Militia, in order to their being chosen or ballotted to I according to the Diretfions of this Act, and shall also appoint Time and Place of assembling such of the said Men as shall be foe fen or ballotted within their respective Counties, Ridings or Pin in order to their being embodied; of which several Appoints! the respective Deputy Lieutenants shall have Notice; and Men enrolled on the Lift of every such Subdivision or Liftrid, appearing in pursuance of such Order on the Day so to be appoistf shall be then mustered by the said Deputy Lieutenants, and I said Deputy Lieutenants shall at such Meeting proceed in the mM by this Act directed, to cause a Number of the Men so appearis be chosen or ballotted for, according to the Directions of this, equal to such Proposition of the complete Number that had bet ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, on the Lift of such division or District, as shall or may be specified in His Majs Order for drawing out and embodying any Part or Proposition ol Local Militia as aforesaid, and to cause the Names of all the Pei chosen and ballotted to be marked on the Lift of such Subdivifia District; and when the Choice and Ballot shall be concluded* said Deputy Lieutenant shall cause the Lift of such Subdivifkl District to be publickly called; and as the Name of each Person! tained therein shall be read, shall then and there declare whether! Person is or is not (as the case may be) chosen or ballotted os such Lift in the manner hereinbefore provided 5 and the Names a the Persons so chosen and ballotted, shall be returned to the It tenant of the County, Riding or Place for which such Perioaa enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have given i Order as aforesaid; and the Persone so chosen and ballotted flul embodied to serve according to the true Intent of this Act; and said Deputy Lieutenants shall openly declare to the Men, who been so chosen or ballotted, the Time and Place of their afietnbl in order to their being embodied; and all and every such Person Person who shall have been declared to be so chosen or ballot shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at Time and Place so to be appointed and declared, in order to the! his being embodied accordingly; and all and every such Period Person as shall be so declared not to have been so chosen or ballot as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further Attendance in puriuai of such Order as aforesaid.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it I be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, in their several Sul vision Meetings, and before they proceed to choose or balloti hereinbefore mre&ed, to revise and correct the Names of the I contained in such Class or Classes, according to the several Chaa or Alterations that may have taken place nnce the last Revisal! Correction thereof. 'I

A.D. 1812.

179

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proposition only the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, the Deputy tenants in their several Sufcdivilions shall, before they proceed to ofe or ballot for the private Men who are to form such Part or portion, examine the Classes of the Descriptions hereinbefore -itioned* entered according to the Provisions of this Act, and in y Case in which the Part or Proposition of the Militia required to: 'led out in such Subdivision shall equal the Number of Men con'd in such First, or First and Second, or other succeeding Classes ir Order, then and in such Case the Men contained in such Class Classes, as the Case may be, shall be forthwith chosen without any ot; and when the Proposition of Men so required as aforesaid, be less than the Number of Men contained in such First Class, loch Proposition shall be ballotted for out of such Class only, and er: and when the Proposition so required as aforesaid, shall ex-. the Number of Men contained in the First, or First and any fuc-:; g Class or Classes in the Order in which they shall so stand as n-said. the Deputy Lieutenants shall first choose all the Men in Lrft Class, or First and next succeeding Class or Classes, until - Proposition shall be as near as may be completed, and shall then d to ballot in manner directed by this Atl for the Remainder.he Proposition so required as aforesaid, out of the Class imme-r-ly following the last Class that shall have been wholly taken: rds making up such Proposition as aforesaid; and the Deputy.tenants shall proceed in like manner for supplying of any further: or Proposition of Local Militia, in case any further Part should fterwards ordered by His Majesty to be embodied, and shall, dur-the whole of the time that a Part or Proposition only of the J Militia shall remain embodied, supply all Vacancies, as they arise, in such Part or Proposition, out of the Classes as they i in Succession, and shall in no Case proceed to ballot for the -lying of any Vacancy out of any Class, until all the Men con-in the preceding Class or Classes, who shall be able and fit to Local Militia, shall have been chosen for that Purpose.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Local or any Part or Proposition of the Local Militia of any ntv. Riding or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out bodied in pursuance of this Act, in case any of the Persons led in any Subdivision of such County, Riding or Place, the Militia whereof shall be so ordered to be drawn out and em-as aforesaid, shall make Default either by not appearing in nuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or Absence m Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of e Months from the time of such Default, then a Vacancy shall

declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their First Meeting to be

n for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Default rolied, r, xt after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Default,: n or Absence, under the Hands of the Officer commanding

Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Person belonged, id the Vacan cy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a \rfti Ballot within the Subdivision aforesaid.

YLV And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled virtue of this Act, and not chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, who

N 2 shall

When His Majesty shall order only Part of any Militia to be embodied, Deputy Lieutenants shall examine Classes, and if Number required shall equal First, or First and Second, or succeeding, Claftes in their Order, the Men containcdtherein shall be cholen without Ballet; but if less than the First Class, the Number shall be ballotted for thereout, and if more than that and any succeeding Clals in Order, such Classes shall be first chosen, and Remainder ballotted for out of next Clals to the la It wholly taken, &c.

If any Person enrolled in any Subdivision of a County, Local Militia whereof shall be ordered to be embodied, shall desert or be a blent, and shall not he taken within Three Months, Vacancy filled up by fresh Ballot.

Any Person enrolled and not chosen, not

A.D. 1812.

180

having a Child under 14, may he accepted as a Volunteer.

Men attending at Ballot and not being chosen, Allowance, Sc c.

Clerks may draw upon Receivers General, by Order of Deputy Lieutenants, &c. for Money to pay Allowances.

Clerks when required, to make out Accounts of Monies received and paid, to be examined and allowed.

His Majesty may order Remainder of Local Militia to be embodied.

County Lieute-lUHt, SiC. tO

C. 38.

52 GEO. III.

shall not have any Child or Children living under the Age of Fomfl Years, shall offer himself as a Volunteer, to be drawn out and ed died in the Room of any Person so chosen or ballotted, it fbd lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting, to accept i Volunteer in the Room of such Person so chosen or ballot ted as afi said, and such Person so accepted shall serve as if he had himself I so chosen or ballotted in manner aforesaid.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the Local Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be ta as hereinbefore directed, and who shall not be chosen or ballotte aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of Shilling per Diem, during the time he shall be necessarily empfc from Home, in going to, and continuing at, and returning fro* Place to be appointed for such Bailot, not to exceed Three Day be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in in such Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Nooefc Men so paid, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants and tices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant there attend, then of any One such Justice of the Peace as afbvt the Receiver General of such County, Riding or Place, shall re-kd) to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any Monies in his H of any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the respectivtCl of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be and they are hi authorised and empowered to draw on the Receiver General a Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, for such Sum or! of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants and J11 dices of the F respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, tin One Justice of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or hi spective Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sun Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying Allowances hereinbefore directed to be made; and the Recei] any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the Receiver General of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge foe Payment of such Sun* or Sums of Money, and be allowed k Account.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required by such Dt Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy I tenant shall attend, then by One Justice of the Peace, make oa Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and j in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed and fig and the Account so examined, allowed and signed, shall be aa hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of i Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money. 1

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein < tained shall be construed to debar His Majesty from ordering the j maiuderof the said Local Militia, or so many of the KcmaiuderoF said Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, as Hi* Mai shall in his Wisdom think proper, to be drawu out and emboJ whenever the Occasion shall require, according to the Provisions feribed by this Act. j

CL. And be it further enacted, That whenever His M; jffty m think fit to draw out and {inbody any further Proposition of t

A.D. 1812.

51 GEO. III. C. 38.

l8l

sal Militia of any County, Riding or Place, it shall be lawful for Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Place, or Three or more embodying First t y Lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby Proposition. cxi % ely required to cause such further Proposition to be drawn A-id embodied as His Majesty shall order; and in so doing such; utenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and also all and iy the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers aforesaid re-v lively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions hereinbefore pre-"bed for drawing out and embodying t!ie First Proposition thereof.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That, if during such time as any al*T'J1

t of the Local Militia which shall have been drawn out and em- fl, aj|^, tin^t, a ed for Service, shall continue embodied. His Majesty shall deem embodied, His spedieot that the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, Majesty may: y Part thereof, which shall not at such time be actually embodied erderany.not service, should be drawn out iu order to be mustered, trained and to*

died, for a limited time, instead of being so embodied for Service, mrding to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any the said Counties, Ridings or Places, to cause the said Local Mi-a hoc squally embodied, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out, in - to be mustered, trained and exerci d, in such Proposition, and such time, and at such Place or Places, as shall be appointed, with Approbation of His Majesty, by t! ? lieutenant or Deputy Lieu-arrts, in manner as is hereinbefore cic<sted for training and exer-ng the disembodied Local Militia; and the same shall be mustered, ed and exercised accordingly.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Whole of When the whole Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, is ordered to be LocsU Militia of >odied, all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drum- or XrId\obeS m of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of embodied, all S County, Riding or Place, shall immediately join the Regiment, Officers, &c. ttalion or Corps to which they respectively belong, at the Time shall jo*n; and I Place appointed for the embodying such Local Militia; and hcn Part, such ?never the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, is themT* His Jed out and embodied by Detachments or Divisions, under any Majesty shall der of His Majesty for that Purpose, pursuant to the Provisions lireft. this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct the tion and Description of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers d Drummers, w ho shall accompany such Detachments or Divisions Men, and the respective Establish merits of such Detachments or rvifiocs, and also to regulate the Numbers and Duties of all such Seers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, as shall remain within.c o County, Riding or Place, for the muttering, training and e*ci&Ag of the Remainder of the private Local Militia Men thereof, i the Service may require, and to His Majesty may seem most fit id convenient.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty his Majesty from time to time, as He shall think fit, to disembody'Part or Proposition of any Local Militia of any County, Riding and embody f Place, embodied under this Act, and from time to time again to them, out and embody any such Local Militia so disembodied as or any Proposition thereof, as to His Majesty shall seem vi .>rdirg to the Rules and Provisions of this Act.

A.D. 1812.

Local Militia when disembodied suhjed to lame Orders only as before being drawn out.

In case of Inva-(ion or Rebellion, His Majesty may, by Proclamation, in-create Local Militia, not exceeding Six Times the Quota of Regular Militia, and County Lieutenants and Deputies shall apportion Number, and proceed to raile and enrol Men, at such time as shall be specified in Proclamation.

4* G. 3. C. 90.

When such additional Number of Local Militia is raised, His

C. 38. 52 GEO. III.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Mifil or any Part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual Sere as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers 1 Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Aba the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and prin Men, shall be subject to the same Orders, Directions and Engq ments only, as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

CLV. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all cafad actual invasion, or of imminent Danger thereof, and in case of Rd| lion, His Majesty should be empowered to encrease, without Dell the Number of Local Militia Foroes, for the more effectual Prod tion and Defence of this Realm; Be it therefore enacted, Tiia shall be lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being first corns* cated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or dec* iu Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament flulf then fitting or in being), to order and direct, by His Royal Pro4 mation, that in Addition to the Number of Men required by! under the foregoing Provisions of this Act, to be raised by i several Counties, Ridings and Places herein mentioned, there ftaS) forthwith raised and enrolled in the said several Counties, RkM and Places, any Number of Men as will, in Addition to and im ther with and including the effectice Yeomanry and VoluaW serving in such County or such Division, or Part of such Coal together with the Local Militia raised for such County under! Provisions of this Act, make the whole Force of such County edi to Six Times the original Quota of such County, under an A passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty: PronJ always, that such effectice Yeomanry and Volunteers shall beexj five of Supernumeraries serving without Pay above the Eftilri) ment of such Corps who shall have been enrolled after the Firil 1 of April One thousand eight hundred and eight; and the Lie* nants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the said Counti Ridings and Places shall, immediately on the issuing of any (s Proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Ns ber of Men required to be raised in their respective Counties, Rids| and Places, among the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapf takes or other Divisions, and also among the several Paristies, Tythk or Places therein respectively; and shall thereafter proceed to n and enrol such Men, at such time or times as shall be specified fort* Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Powers, Provisions, Rqp lations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clam Matters and Things in this Act contained, relative to the Led Militia, shall be applied, practised, enforced and put in Executis for the raising, training and exercising, and for the embodying a calling out into actual Service, such additional Number of Loci Militia as aforesaid so ordered and directed to be raised and enroflee in as full and ample a manner in every respect, as far as the famed be applied and put in force, as if the said Number of Men so add! to the Local Militia had been included in the Number of Men re quired and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall cause such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid tc be raised and enrolled, r drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the

Parliament

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 38.

shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Proroga- as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within irteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit'. such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and con-je to lit and act in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as if it 1 flood. adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for is Majesty from time to time (whenever he shall deem it expedient reduce the Whole or any Part of such additional Number of >cal Militia as aforesaid, by his Royal Proclamation to declare h Reduction accordingly; and in case such additional Number Local Militia as aforesaid or any Part thereof, shall be then embed) to disembody the same, or any Number of private Local !ntia Men equal thereto, without regard to whether such Men were ed and enrolled in pursuance of any Proclamation for raising such ditjooal Number of Local Militia as aforesaid, or were enrolled fore, and were serving at the time of the issuing thereof; and the I!Oitia Men so disembodied as aforesaid, or so many of them may have been enrolled and not embodied at the time of issuing h Proclamation, shall nevertheless remain liable to serve for the ?ective Periods for which they shall have been respectively enrolled erve, and shall, during such Periods, supply all the Vacancies that f a rife in the respective Parishes or Places, or United Parishes or ces, for which they shall have been so inrolled, whenever called an so to do; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Sub-iftwn shall, from time to time, cause any Mail or Men, as the e may be, that may be required for supplying any Vacancy or cancies in the established Local Militia that may arise for any rish or Place, or United Parities or Places, in their respective Sub-ifioiit, to be taken from their respective Classes as aforesaid, or dotted as the case may require, according to the Provisions in this /red, relating to the taking Men for the Local Militia Classes, until all the Men so remaining liable, and that shall be to serve, shall have supplied such Vacancies: Provided always, it no Ballot shall take place for the raising and enrolling any p to supply any Vacancy that may arise from any Parish or Place, long as the same can be supplied from any Men, or by any 1:, then enrolled for such Parish or Place that shall remain liable i be fit to serve: Provided also, that no Man so remaining liable {erve as aforesaid for any Parish or Place shall be called upon or liable to supply any Vacancy arising for any other Parish or Place,

r'.iat for which he shall be originally enrolled to serve under the rovifloas of this Act.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given ad Provisions made by this Act, with respect to the County of Trtbwmberland and the Local Militia thereof, shall extend to the woof Berwick upon Tweed and the Liberties thereof (except only tmkI Cases where by this Act it is otherwise expressly provided w); and that out of the Persons returned in the Lifts for the said wn of Berwick upon Tweed, a Number of private Local Militia-La shall be chosen by Ballot to serve for the said Town, in the ame Proposition with the private Local Militia Men appointed to rve for the other Hundreds, Wards and other Divisions within the

*83

Majesty shall issue a Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, may reduce and disembody such additional Number of Local Militia; and Privates so disembodied or those enrolled and not embodied, shall re* main liable to serve for Period for which enrolled, and shall supply Vacancies, and no Ballot shall take place whil-Huch Vacancies can he supplied from them, but they shall not he liable to supply Vacancies for any other Place than that for which originally enrolled.

The Powers given with respect to Northumberland to extend to Berwick upon Tweed; and if Persons can be found there with requisite Qualifications, Chief Magi-

184

ft rate fltal! appoint propositionate Number of Officers to Men, and they shall join Local Militia of Northumberland.

Governor of Isle of Wight to appoint Officers, See. of that Local Militia, which shall be raised as and deemed Part of Local Militia of County of Southampton.

Certain Places deemed Parts of Counties, subject to Authority, ice. of lieutenant? of those Counties.

C. 33. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1l

said County of Northumberland; and if Persons can be found i the said Town and Liberties thereof with such QualihcatioKl required for Officers, the Chief Magistrate of the said Town of wick upon Tweed shall appoint such Number of Officers of the 1 Militia as shall be propositional to the Number of Local Militit which the said Town shall raise as their Quota towards the! Militia of the County of Northumberland; and the Lieutenant! said County, and Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officeh Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, for raising and! ing the Local Militia within the said County, are hereby aotbi and required to put this Act into Execution within the said' and the Liberties thereof, but subject nevertheless to such Pel as are inflicted upon Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers i Local Militia for acting not being duly qualified; and that the Militia Men to be cholen for the said Town shall join the Loa litia of the County of Northumberland, and he exercised togeiM shall then, and also in time of actual Service, be deemed Parti Local Militia of the County of Northumberland.

CLIX. And whereas the ordering the Militia of the j 1 Wight has always been in the Governor or Lieutenant Gd*of the said Island; Be it therefore enacted, That after the ber of Persons which the said Island is to furnish to the Local I of the County of Southampton shall have been appointed, at k Act is directed, by His Majesty's Lieutenant and the Deputy tenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the said County it the Governor of the said Island shall appoint the Officers 1 Local Militia to be raised in the said Istand, which Officers 1 Local Militia shall be qualified in the same manner, and are I empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act, i same manner and under the same Directions, Provisions and Pei as Officers of the Local Militia in the several Counties are bj Act subject to; and the Local Militia of the said Island shall be in the same manner as the Local Militia of the County of Sod tony and shall be deemed a Part of the Local Militia of th County.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That, for the several Puroi of this Act, the Conflablery of Craxkty which is a Parcel of County of Durham, surrounded by Part of the North Riding of County of Turk, shall be deemed to be (Unite within and Pan of said North Riding; and that Part of the Parish of M*ker> wl Hes in the County of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situate wit and Part of the County of Cornwall; and that the Town Parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate wit bio and! of the County of Berks; and that the Hamlet of Cole/kili (hill deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of 2ft* and that the Hamlet of Saint Thomas's Chatle shall be dferate be situate within and Part of the County of 1Storks; and that Township of Filey shall be deemed to be htnate within and Part the East Riding of the County of York; and that Tkreafwodl be deemed to be situate within and Part of che Parish of Ward bury, in the County of Flint; and that the Porish of Saint Mar called Stamford Barony in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town Stamford, on the South Side of the Waters called Wellandy shall deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Lncok, 5f CLXI. A

A.D. 1812.

52*0X0.111. C. 38. i6j

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the fereral Towns and Places hereinbefore mentioned, and deemed to be situate within and Part of the fereral Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers of the respective Counties, Ridings and Places, within which such Towns and Pieces are hereby deemed to be situate; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That the Number of private Cinque Ports,

Men to be ballotted and enrolled for the Local Militia under thisc-Ad, within the Cing we Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall not exceed One thousand Men.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Warden of Cincoe Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall within their respective in XcCution.* Jun&irtioas put ioto Execution this Act, and use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities contained in this Act, for the Purpose of carrying the same iAto Execution, and raising the Men to be prodded and raised within their respective Jurisdictions under this Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, and hereby made applicable to the raising the said Local Militia, or in this Act, shall be ia full Force for the Purpose of raising the Local Militia within the Cinque Ports; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXIV. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for tire said War- Warden,c. to den, and the said Mayors* Jurats, Magistrates or Deputy Liente- for"each

rants, at a General Meeting to be holden as soon as may be after of pom any Ballot shall have been directed for the raising of any Local Milan within the Ciuque Ports, and Lifts shall have been 'returned for that Purpose, to appoint the Number of Men to be raised in pwfoanct of this Act for each of the said Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members thereof respectively; and the Number of Men so apportioned shall be raised, ballotted for and fwora in, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That the Mayors, Jurats or Mayorr, kc. of other Magistrates for the Time being, of each of the Cinque Ports, Cinque Pons, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Membersc* ma-v a<^ >s thereof, shall and may act as Deputy Lieutenants for the Purposes n^and Wsr-of this Act 5 and that it shall be lawful for the Warden of the said den may appoint Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, to appoint other qualified my other Perfotis qualified in the manner directed by an Act made Peribnstoadt, mtbe Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, C'G; Q 4* Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, 41 9

md for augmenting the Militia, to act in like manner as Deputy Lieutenants within the same: Provided always, that the said Warden may, with the Concurrence of any Meeting of Deputy Lieute-suiu, authorize the said Mayors, Jurats and Magistrates or Deputy Lieutenants, within such Ports, Towns, Liberties and Members, to iise their Orders to the respective Constables within the same, to ittori within a limited time Lifts of all Persons liable to serve in dfc Local Militia for such Port, Town, Liberty and Member respectwdy, id the manner required by this Act, and by the said Act of

C. 38.

jr GEO. III.

A.D. 181 z

A l ocal Militia from Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

Warden of Stannaries, by Order of His Majesty, to procure all Matters to be done touching the Tinners.

4* G. 3. c. 7*. to extend to this Ah

Number of Local Militia ill Tower Hamlets. Powers of 37 G. 3. c. 25. and 75, &c. to extend to this

A a.

43 G. 3. c. 82.

the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 01 any Act relating to the Militia of England, and may appoint such times as may appear to him to be necessary and proper for t.hc Returns and Notices to be made and given, conformably to the Directions of the said recited Act and this Act; and for the holding other Meetings, and doing all Acts, Matters and Things, which maybe necessary for carrying this Act into Execution within the Cinque Ports.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct a Local Militia to be ballotted and enrolled from among the Tinners or Miners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, not exceeding Eight hundred and twenty five private Men.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries in Great Britain shall respectively, in Obedience to His Majesty's Orders to be issued for that Purpose, which His Majestr is hereby empowered to issue, procure all Matters to be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges-of the Working Tinners, as are hereby or by any Act or Acts relating to the Tinners or Miners of Cornwall, or to the Militia, required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons residing in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges 5 and such Warden, Special Deputy Warden, and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties have for so doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things contained in an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War; and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, relative to raising and regulating a Body of Miners within the Stannaries, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, shall in all cases in which other Provisions are not made by this Act, be applied, practised, and put in force, in all respects, for raising the Local Militia Men to be raised out of the Tinners and Miners within the said Stannaries under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Act and this Act were consolidated into one Act.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct a permanent Local Militia to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act in the Tower Hamlets and* Liberties of the Tower, not exceeding Four thousand four hundred and eighty private Men, and such Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled at such Period as His Majesty shall by any such Warrant as aforesaid, direct 5 and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things, contained in Two Acts made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in 1 of any

A.D. 1812.

187

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

my other Act or Acts relative to raising the Militia of the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, together with all Clauses,

Powcts, Provisions and Authorities contained in an Act made in the Yorty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the Untied Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, for rnteg the Men to be raised therein under that Ad, shall be applied, practised and put in force in all respects, for raising the Men to be raised therein under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the bd Acts and this Act were consolidated into one Ad.

CLXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained IVoviio for shall be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provisions of the 37^. }.c 15. laid Two recited Acts of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, other an<1 than as any new and additional Fines, Penalties and Powers in this Act contained may be applicable and necessary for the raising the Men by this Act directed to be raised in the Tower Hamlets.

CLXXI. And whereas for the different Rapes in the Counties of Sussex and Eall Kent, there are no Peace Officers who can ad officially for such Rapes: And whereas the Rapes in the said Counties are the moll convenient Districts to be appointed as the

Subdivisions for the Deputy Lieutenants to execute the several Purposes directed by this Act, and do contain within their Boundanes several Hundreds, to each of which there is a Peace Officer belonging: And whereas the Boroughs and Tythings over which there are Headboroughs, Tythingmen or other Peace Officers, are uncertain iu their Boundaries, and often include Parts of various Parishes, from which great Inconveniences arise both in ballotting ' for the Meo to be drawn by Lot for the Service of the said Militia,

and also in the Payment of the Money directed to be paid by the 1 Parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: And whereas it would be more expedient that the ballotting for Men to serve in the said Militia for the Counties of Suffix and Kent should be by the Division of Parishes, to which Divinon there are no Peace Officers

Be it therefore enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of Churchwardens the Poorof the several Parishes in the said Counties shall, for the Pur- and Overfecrsin poses of this Act, be deemed the Officers of such Parish, and shall Sussex and Kent be invested with the same Powers and Authorities and be liable to have the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Constable, Tything- ft iblcs^i^other* man, Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place, places, is invested with, or subject and liable to by virtue of this Act.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hun- Counties, dred or Parish for which the full Number of Men required by anya!: h Mantle". Order of His Majesty under this Act shall not have been ballotted period*-1 c*n*m and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February succeeding such Oder, if given Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies arising in such Local Militia shall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the same shall have arisen, if the same shall have arisen Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, shall be fobjed to a Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man remaining Pen-lty. deficient.

CLXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pro\ .

Parish or Place in which such Fine shall have arisen and in which

C.J8.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

ConO.iMcs to make Returns, And akertain Deficiencies to be supplied.

[Penalty.]

Commandants of Regiments shall transmit to Quarter Sessions Certificates ot' Number of Deficiencies.

Justices upon Receipt ot Certificate fhult make Assessment.

Such Assessments upon Counties to be made on each P.iri'.b, propositional1 v to Number of Men it is required to raile.

When Deficiency shall arise in any particular

such Deficiency shall be thereafter supplied, shall be entitled to dedi or have a Return of Two third Parts of any such Fine of Fif Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth L>ay of Mi and One third Part of every such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for Man enrolled before the First Day of Aprils after any such Fine have so arisen as aforesaid.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Constablesa other Officers of all Parishes and Places for which any Local Man shall be serving, shall make diligent Enquiry as to all Men e rolled in the Local Militia, for the Parishes or Places for which tfe shall respectively be Constables, and shall, before the Fourteenth Dl of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the Subdivifi within which such Parishes or Places shall be, a true Account of i Persons serving for such Parish or Place in the Local Militia, spedl ing such as shall have died or left their residence, and whether I Persons not then tefiding in such Parish or Place shall have whsi left such Parish or Place, or shall dill retain any House, Residence Lodging, in such Parish or Place, and also the Place to which f Persons shall have gone as have changed their Residences, if* the fan can be ascertained; and every Constable who shall neglect: or reW to make any such Return, or shall wilfully make any false Retail shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds-

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Col mandants of tire Regiments of Local Militia in England shall, witK Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Yea transmit to the Clerk of the Peace to be laid before Justices of ti Peace or Magistrates assembled at the several General Quarter Sefioi of the Peace next after the First Day of March in each Year, Cel tificates of the Number of Men then remaining deficient in their n spective Regiments, dist the Period for which such Defkiq cies or Vacancies have existed, by what Cause occasioned, and ft what District, Division or Parish.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of ti# Peace and Magistrates of every such County, Riding and Pfocb assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be he$ next after the First Day of March in each Year shall, upon the ceipt of the aforesaid Certificate of the Commandant, which - cate he is hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace such County, Riding or Place, in order to be laid before the Justices and Magistrates respectively at such Sessions, rate and the said Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every fi County, Riding or Place.

CLkXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices Magistrates aforesaid in making any such Rate and Assessment up<*f the Whole of any County, Riding or Place, shall apportion ttfj Sums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and afiefs the same npot the several Parishes and Tythitigs in such County, Riding or Place, it the same Propositions in which the Men for the Local Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes and Tythings respectively, according to such Apportionment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Parish and Tything.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Riding or Place, such Deficiency of Men (l^aQ arise from the

52 GEO. III. C. 38. 189

ibe Default of aoy particular Parish or Tything, or Parises or ParishorPa-

Tythings, in such County, Riding or Place, in not raising the Pro- \

portion or respective Propositions of Men required to he raised by any ma(je thcrt. Jju

such Parish or Ty thing, or Parishes or Tythings, then and in such

ciies ihe laid Justices and Magistrates, in making such Rate and

+Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, that shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proposition to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes or Tythings

M fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

CLXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justicea and Ma- Justices to trans-gistrates of the fereral Counties, Ridings and Places, where any such" Amount of Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately Sums afTcir<d to after the First Day of April next succeeding the making of any such clerk^who shall Rate and AssefTcnent as aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted give Notice to the fereral Amounts of the Sums so atfelTed upon the several Parishes Overseer* of and Tythings, to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision to which P, or who shall Parishes or Tythings respectively belong, and also a Duplicate thereof PJY Money out to the Secretary at War; and such Clerks of Subdivision shall within  001 te*

Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, cause Notice thereof to be given to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Tythings upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and such Overseers shall, within Fourteen Days after such Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment, pay the Amount of the Rate or Assessment made upon their respective Parishes or Tythings, out of any Money in their or any of their Hands, of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and if they or any of them shall not have sufficient of such Money for that Purpose, then such Orerfeers shall and they are hereby required to make a Rate sufficient to satisfy such Rate and Assessment: and it shall be lawful for the said Orerfeers to levy and collect the same in such manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other Rates made for the Purposes of this Act, may be levied and collected.

CLXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when- Ov.-rfrers mny trer any Sum shall have been so afiefled upon any Parish or Place for Men certified to be deficient upon the Fourteenth Day of February, certain Periods, it shall nevertheless be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant ailing for the Subdivision in which such Parish may be situated, in all cases in which any Man shall have been subsequently enrolled to supply such Deficiency, to certify to the Clerk of such Subdivision the Date of such Enrolments respectively; and if it shall appear from that Certificate that such Men were enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of Mircb or the First Day of April, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of such Subdivision and he is hereby required to remit to every such Psik such Two third or One third Part of such Fine respectively 21 if hereinbefore directed to be returned to such Parish for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April respectively; and the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish itt hereby authorised to make a Deduction of Two thirds or One third Part of such Fine (as the case may be) from the Amount of thf AHment made upon such Parish for every Man so certified to have Wa enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day difyri/respectively.

A.D. 1812.

190

Clerk of Subdivision on receiving such Money shall remit lame to Agent General, who shall pay thereout Bounties to Volunteers raised within a certain Period.

In Places where no County Rates, Assessments how raised and paid.

Lying in Two Counties, A ffeftments how paid.

c. 38. 52 GEO. III.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Cta of Subdivision receiving any such Sum or Sums of Money, A within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the Amen thereof to the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account ofi Agent General for the Local Militia; and during the Period Three Months from such First Day of April next succeeding t making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, it shall lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of the County, Riding or Place, within which such Parish, Ty thing Place shall be situate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for fd Local Militia, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so defied: as aforesaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer for a Bern: not exceeding the Sum of Two Guineas; and the Deputy Lie tenant before whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, proved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, shall tra mit a Certificate of such Inrolment to the Agent General, ar upon the Production to the said Agent General of such a Certifies under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of such Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn 21 enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, and of a Certificate under ti Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion < Coiys of Militia of such County, Riding or Place, of such Ml having joined his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the said Age General shall, and he is hereby required under the Direction of tS Secretary at War to pay out of such Money in his Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding the said Sum of Two Goins for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid.

CLXXXII. And whereas there are several Cities, Towns' Places which do not contribute to the Payment of the said Rat

called The County Rate, and Doubts may arise whether such Citie

Towns and Places, can be legally rated or assessed towards th

Payment of the Rate or Assessment to be laid in pursuance 0

this Act Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where x\ Local Militia shall not be raised within any City, Town or Place, rx rated to the County Rate, the Proposition of the said Sum of Fi teen Pounds per Man, to be borne by such City, Town or Plac shall be raised, levied and collected within such City, Town or Plan by a separate Rate or Assessment, in like manner, by the Oversed of the Poor, and by such and the like ways ibid means as the Ran for the Relief of the Poor can or may be raised, levied and collected and such Overseers of the Poor shall from time to time pay over tl same to the Clerk of the Subdivision with which such City, Tow or Place shall be joined or united, for the Purpose of raising th Local Militia.

CLXXXIII. And whereas there are some Towns which lie i Two Counties or Ridings, and Doubts may arise whether fuc

Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties or Ridings towari

raising the said Money Be it therefore further enacted, That wher any Town lies in Two Counties or Ridings, or Part thereof ic; County, and Part in a Riding, the Proposition of the said Money ti be paia for such Town, in lieu of raising the Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision of the County 0 Riding wherein the Church of such Town is situate.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 38. 191

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum of Afltflmem for Money which ought to be paid by any City, Town or Place, not p, #cc where no rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the County*.Clerk of the Subdivision as aforesaid, before the First Day of June "t^ubdilrfion*in every Year, the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding before June 1, or Place, shall, at their Dext Midsummer Quarter Sessions, and they yearly, how are hereby required (by their Warrant, directed to any Constable or levied. Tythingman of every such Partfh and Division) to cause the Sum due from such Parish under this Act, by reason of such Men not being raid as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish and Division, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Money, and the reasonable Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and all such Overseers of the Poor shall be re-imbursed the Money so levied on them respectively, by the same ways and means as Over-fern of the Poor are re-imbursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being, and may make a Rate for that Purpose if necessary.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Agent General When AsseiT-into whose Hands or to whose Account any such Money shall be ment "P00nY paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons ^lice, irfa, d to paying the same, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for it b/in-such Payment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised demnifiedfor not ra any County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the raising its Quota. Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be a full Discharge and Iodemnihcation to such County, Riding or Place, for the Failure or Negkd in raising and training the Number of Men in the Local Militia for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made 5 and the Money so paid into the Hands of the said Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, shall be applied to the Purposes of the Local Militia, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament.

CLXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Clerks of Subdi-erery Clerk of Subdivision to whom any such Money shall be paid v, nn deuin as aforesaid, shall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of of MoneyThey One Penny in the Pound, upon the whole Sum so by him received recci\ e, and shall asd paid; which Allowance every such Clerk of Subdivision is hereby make a like Al-authorised to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by loanee to High him, before Payment made to the Agent General as aforesaid 5 and Conftfa*, lc* every High Constable, Petty Constable, Churchwarden and Over- as they^allbe* leer of the Poor, who shall act in the raising and collecting of the said concerned in Mooey, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such Clerk of Sub- collecting. dmfioo, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound of all such Money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively ad as aforesaid; and such Clerk of Subdivision is hereby authorised and required to dedud the same out of the Money so received by him as aforesaid, and to pay the respective Propositions thereof to such High Constables or other Officers aforesaid.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Clerks of Peace foot for every County, Riding or Place, shall and he is hereby to rajarcd, within Fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Sel- CeniLates?e-foo of the Peace to be held next after the Twenty fifth Day of ce{, ett from

December, Commandants of

19?

Regiments, and where not delivered, to certify Inch Omillion to Secretary at War, and to certify Omissions of Justices in proceeding to raiie Aloney to Secretary at War, who shall compel them to do f*.

If 15I per Alan

not raised in any Place, and paid to Agent General, the Solicitor of Treasury to compel its being done.

Neglect of Duty in Clerks of Peace, &c. Penalty.

[Penalty.]

Solicitor of Treasury to pro-

C. 3 & 5t* GEO. III. A.JXttij

December, yearly, to transmit to the Secretary at War a Copy fig* by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which he shall h* received from the Commandants of the several Regiments of Los Militia in such County, Riding or Place as aforesaid; and whe such Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of ti Peace shall certify such Omission to the Secretary at War, and tki such Clerk of the Peace hath certified the same to the Justices j such General Quarter Session, and required such Justicea to pro* according to the Directions of this Act, and such Clerk of the Pea fhfdl also certify what Proceedings have been had at such Gene* Quarter Sessions, in relation to the assessing and raising of the 1 Money, where the Local Militia shall not have been raised; and) case such Justices shall omit, neglect or refuse to proceed to raise t) laid Money, according to the Directions of this Act, then the Cla of the Peace of such County, Riding or Place, shall and is herd required within Fourteen Days next after such General Quart Session of the Peace, to certify to the Secretary at War, fit Omission, Neglect or Refusal of such Justices, and the Names of il Justices who shall be present at such Session; and the Secretary! War is hereby empowered and required, on Receipt of such Certii cate, forthwith to give Directions to the Solicitor of the Treafiu to proceed by all such legal ways and means as shall be most effi&a and expeditious, to compel such Justices to pay due Obedience \ this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, colltded is paid.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said of Fifteen Pounds per Man, to be raised and paid in any County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collect and paid into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Accod at the Bank, in maimer hereinbefore directed, the Solicitor of tlj Treasury is hereby required, forthwith upon Knowledge or Infon* tion thereof, to proceed, by all such legal ways and means as flu be most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and ca leding of such Money and the Payment thereof into the Hindi i the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, as aforesaid.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk < the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, fil make, record or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, accon ing to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every fuc Clerk of the Peace so offending shall, for every such Offeree, forfc and pay the Sum of One hundred pounds, and shall alfkj forfeit h Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or heddia any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if an Clerk of Subdivision, Chief Constable, Petty Constable or otbj Officer who ought to act and assist in the raising and collecting of tl said Money, shall wilfully omit or neg ed or refuse to ad or affi therein, according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Ac every such Clerk of Subdivision so offending shall, for every fuc Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Fou*4m a* every such Chief Constable so offending shall, for every such Ofeua forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every such Constable and other Officer fp offending shall, for every such Offenci forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Solicitor0 the Treasury shall and be is hereby required, when directed so t

d

>D.i81 2-

193

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

by the Secretary at War as aforesaid, with all due Diligence, to Tecute with Effect all such Justices of the Peace, Clerks of Sub-and other Officers, who lh 11 omit, neglect or refuse to per-in the Duty required of them tefoeftively by tin's Act, touching g, coflefting and paying of the said Money 5 and in case (for of the Treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed aiaft any such Indices of the Peace, Clerks of Subdivision or other Bicm aforesaid, he shall, for every such Off e, forfeit and pay Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

CXC. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall re and I, whose Assessment in any Kate to be made or the Purpose of the Payment of any Fines under this Act, ll be made on any Property not exceeding in annual Value, ac-dkg to the Valuation on which such Rate shall be made, the Sura unds, shall be wholly exempt from such Rate; and b Person whose Assessment shall be made on any such Pro-rtr, exceeding in U Huai Vahit? as aforesaid Inch Sum of Twenty undi'shall by reason of such Service be exempt as to such Property tW Amount of such Sum of Twenty Pounds, and he rated in such*cufy to the Amount by which such Property shall exceed such iuaZ Sum of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid; and if any Person shall ik himself or herself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such fell may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in such ner as is provided in cases of Appeal against Rates for the Relief he Poor.

MCI. And be it further enacted, That every Cleikof Subdivision shall, if required so to do by the Deputy Lieutenants Wed at any General or Subdivision Meeting, give Security by i to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sums as Deputy Lieutenants shall fix, for duly accounting for and remit-:all Moan paid into his Hands under the Provisions of this Act. JXCII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivi-t Meetings shall keep an Account, in the Form to this Act ailed, marked ( H.) or in such other Form as may from time to time directed for that Purpose by the Secretary at War, of all Fines, cities and Forfeitures from time to time received by him, and of all Sums allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Hundreds Paridies, by reason of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any ti or Penalties, being remitted under the Provisions of this Act

the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices attending at the time of any li Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture being imposed or remitted, or any Pe of them, shall and they are hereby required to certify the same be correct, and the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall verify the ne upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or tlice of the Peace is authorised to administer, and shall transmit Secretary at War such Account made up to the Twenty -V of December in each Year, or to such other Period as the ctacy at War shall direct.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdi-ct Meetings shall and is hereby required within Seven Days after Twenty fourth Day of March, June, September and December,

; -lively in each Year, or oftcucr if required, to transmit an Ac-; -A to the Secretary at War for the time being, of all Sums re-'d by him and remitted to the Bank of England, to the Account; 2Glu III. O ' Of

fecute Justices, &c. for Neglect. Penalty.

Persons serving under Act exempt in Whole or in Part from Rates made for Payment of Fines.

AppeaL

Subdivision Clerks to givt Bond.

Subdivision Clerks to keep Account of Fines, See. and transmit fame-to Secretary at War.

Subdivision Clerks to iranl mit to Secretary at War Accounts of Money remitted to Agent General, verified on Oath.

<2-3*.

52 GEO. nr.

A.D. 1812.

Nfglefttng to make Returns and to give Notices, kc.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Commissions not to vacate Seats in Parliament.

Voters going to E!t&ions of Members.

Non Commissioned Officers, fcc. not liable to serve as Peace Officers.

Married l.ocal Militia Mon may set up in any Place in G.B. as Soldiers may under 24 G. 3. Sess. a. c. 6.

No Stamp Duty r Commiflicns.

of the said Agent General, for the Purposes of this Act, upon Oath before One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Pei which Oath any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Pe* hereby authorised to administer, and made in the Form of the Si dule to this Act annexed, marked (1.) or such other Form as 1 from time to time be prescribed in that Behalf by the Secretary War.

CXCIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in alii in which it is in this Act directed and required that any Retual Lift should be made, or any Notice given, or any Fine, Peui Forfeiture or other Money remitted by any Clerk of the Peace, any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or by any Odj or by any Colonel Commandant or other Officer of Li cal Mfl every such Clerk of the Peace or other Person as aforesaid, who! omit, neglect or refuse, or wilfully delay making any such Retaf Lift, or giving any such Notice, or remitting any such Fine, PeJ Forfeiture or other Money as aforesaid, in the manner directedbyf Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the SumofTw# Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be conflroci extend to any case in which any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture already be imposed for any such Offence by the Provisions of^ Act.

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance f Commission in the Local Militia shall not vacate the Seat of Member returned to serve in Parliament.

CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Noti( missioned Officer, Drummer, or private Man of the Local shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on Aca his Absence during the time he shall be going to vote at any E of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the time he i returning from such Election.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, CotjJ or Drummer of the Local Militia, or any private Man, fromtbet of his Inrolment until he shall be regularly discharged from the U Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or ParishOl

CXCVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person bif served in the Local Militia when drawn out into actual Sol being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any ft or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit or MoldbJ of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reafbf using orexercifing such Trade, as freely and with the same Provisi| and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception respect to the Two Universities, as any Mariner or Soldier ett may do by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Yen His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable fvcb Ojk Mariner j and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Serv'tce, fl the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Me a, Jim Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign> to exercise Trades; md such Local Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any  Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Commisson gnw before the passing of this Act, or which shall be granted after I passing of this Act, to any Officer in the Local Militia, shall be4 ieft to any Stamp Duty.

CC. A

L 1&12. Ji* GEO. III. C. 3S. 19

C. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders Bills for Pay rn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, and also all an<* Allowance, s. Drafts and Orders, by which any Sums of Money or Finesc.drawnonun remitted to the Bank of England, or the Agent General, or any amp* Ton or Persons authorised by the Secretary at War to receive mey 00 Account of the Local Militia, may and shall be drawnundamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be A by reafoo of not being so drawn or written on damped Paper; r thing m any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with-ding.

JCI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and For* how Penalties ires by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty recovered, and tods, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Informa- how applied.;

I, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Bats of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of Counties Palatme of Chester, Lancaster and Durham (as the case 1 require) wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of pr or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all es. Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof of the rnce either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath, '

)ne or more credible Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall be committed, erred by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, Distrd* Warrant under the Hand and Si al of such Justice, rendering the rplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting th? Charges of such I refs acd Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall p been so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, i Justice is hereby required, in all cases where no particular time ^ommitiDent is hereinbefore directed, to commit such Offender to Common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence imprisonment#

1 have been committed, for any time not exceeding Three Months; the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures,

Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by Act, shall be remitted to the Agent General for Local Militia, the Bank of England, to be placed to his Account, and to be applied and accounted for in the manner hereinbefore directed, lefped to Fines assessed upon the Parishes for Deficiencies.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it Certificate of this Act directed that any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be Amount of cef* ted to any Subdivision Clerk, or to the Agent General, or to ta, n l>naltie* kr*k of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Agent gecretar ml, it shall be lawful for any One or more Deputy Lieute- war!*

Justices or Magistrates by whom any such Fine, Penalty or iture may have been imposed, for any Offence committed against let, and he or they is or are hereby directed and required within Days after such Fioe, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been im-to transmit to the Secretary at War a Certificate of the Amount: h Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in the Form of the Schedule to Kti annexed, marked (G.)

will. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Witnesses ot^ fom mooed as a Witness or Witness s to give Evidence before attending dufticts touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either t Pan of the Prosecutor, or Persons accused, and shall neglect or

Q 2 by

i?6

A.D. 1l

Penalty*

Cenvt&ions.

Form.

Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cortf.

Provisiom relating to Counties to extend to Riding*, and

C. 38* 52 GEO. III.

itfufe to appear at the Time and Place, to be for that Porpofi pointed, without reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Ne or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justices before whom the P cution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall f< for every such Offence any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds, t levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is directed; the other Penalties.

CCIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Jui before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall the said Conviction to be made out in the manner and Form fol ing, or in auy other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutdiit tand'u; that is to say,

4 gE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of Our Lord

in the County of A.B. of

was convicted before me C.D. or before us, C.D. and

4 F. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Cooi redding near the Place where the Offence was committed

that the said A.B. on the Day of

now last past, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in tcase made and provided [here Jiate the Offence against the Act: ] 1 I or we do declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath foHdthe Sum of

CCV. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conud made by any Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, or br? Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One Deputy Li tenant together with any One Justice of the Peace, or by any Juf or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be remowJ Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or PJ wherein such Order or Conviction shall have been made, into 1 Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall fuped Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Convict so made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and 01 Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Wi Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action flu brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done in fyance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced withi Months next after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and be laid in the County, Riding or Place where the Cause of ( plaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Deferl in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to b thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defei in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ft nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit aftfl Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Deni Judgment shall be given against the rlaintiff or Plaintiffs, the fendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like medy for the same as any Defendant hath in other cases to Costs by Law. " j

CCVII. And be it further enacted, That all Provifmns, fl tions, Clauses, Matters and Things whatever in this Act cootJ relating to Counties, shall extend and be conftnied to extend I

VJjCJOvIVC Dji

A.D. 1812.

>97

52 GEO. III. C. 38.

Ridings, Shires, Divisions, Cities and Places; and all Provisions Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and other Divisions in or of any such County, Riding, Division, Shire, City or Place; and all Provisions, Dirrdions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Townships, Tythrrgs and Places, and to all Extra parochial Places united therewith, for the Purposes of any Ad relating to the Militia; and all Powers by this Act given to any Constable shall extend to all Ty-thagroen, Headboroughs, Peace Officers and other Persons acting 25 Constables in any Counties, Hundreds, Parishes and Places in which there shall be no Constable, as fully and amply as if they were federally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

CCVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any case when an Oath is required to be taken by this AB, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penary are subject and liable to.

CCIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Scc as to Scotland, post. c. 68.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

Clerk of the Peace for the County of do hereby certify, That the Officers below

[pecified, serving in the Battalion of Local

Militia, have left with me their Qualifications as directed in the Eleventh Section of the Act for amending the Laws relating to the

Colonel.

Lieutenant Colonel.

Major.

Captains.

- Lieutenants.

Ensigns.

J

Schedule (B.)

FORM OF OATH.

do make Oath, That I arri by my and have been usually resident in the in the County of tb^t

0 3 I am

Local Militia.

Trade a Puiih of

rebtin|to Hundreds to extend to Rapes,

See.

Powers given to Constables to extend to Tything-men, See.

Perjury.

Act altered, Stc.

ipS C. 38. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

I am unmarried [or, have a Wife living, as the case may he]; and that I have no Children, [or, not more than Two Children born in Wedlock]; and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways disabled by Lameness or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; and that I am not a Seaman or Seafaring Man. As witness my Hand at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of

One thousand dght hundred and Witness present.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the Day of

Parishes. NAMES OF Me N. Date of Inrolment. Age. CLASSES.

Ballotted. Volunteers. Uh 2d. 3d- Last.

A.B. S. Jones. Tho. Gray. June lit. 3d. 22 2 6 X 1 X i 1

Totals. I 1 1

Signed A.B. Clerk to Subdivision Meeting.

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN of the Company in the of the

Local Militia of the County of dated the Day of I

Hundred or Parish. Names of Men Servin. Age. CLASSES.

Division. Ball. tted. Volunteers- ift. ad. 3d. Last.

H. B. S. Jones.  32 X

M. C.  T. Gray. 24 X

Totals. 1

Signed A.B. Captain of Company.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1812.

5 a* GEO. III. C. 38.

ij

SCHEDULE (E.)

RETURN of Private Local Militia Men serving for the County of Dated the Day of

Dduipbosof WftL No. of each. Years of Service unexpired. No. in each Class.

I. 2. 3* 4. 1. 2. 3- Lait.

ft t Ballotted Volunteers

Totals.

A.B. Clerk to General Meetings.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Dated the Day of

Name of tfael Names of County. t the Men. 1 J Of the Parish of Of the Hundred or other Division of Time of Service expires on Sum for which they are willing to it! VC. Signature of Consent.

L A.B. C.D. p. Q- H. I. A.B. C.D.

SCHEDULE (G.)

THIS is to certify. That I {or, we, the case may bc-\ One {or

of His Majesty's Justice* of the Peace {or, Deputy Lieutenants, at the case waj if] did, on the Day of last past, levy upon

C.D. the Sum of Pounds, being the Amount of Fine imposed

[tm specify the Offence] under the Act for amending the Laws relating to the Loal Militia of England. Dated this Day of

(Signed) A.B. Justice.

o 4 SCHEDULE

loo

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

C. 38.

SCHEDULE (H.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES imposed and remitted by the LIEUTENANCY.

Date when Imposed. Name of Person. Penalty of .i- for Pci Ions worth more than 200. per Annum. Penalty of ic for Persona worth more than  iro, per Ann. and not exceeding 200. Penalty of1 Remit r^c 1 itnnce ot /.TO. for L., Fines &c. lerlfn* (allowed worth left, b h, h*n/, o- Lieute- IwrAnn- Inancy. Net Sum imposed. Remarks.

Deficiency in the Subdivision of in the County of as jx

Return herewith annexed, signed by the Commandant, dated the bm

Men at  per Man  paid to the Clerk of Subdivide)

Meetings for on the

We do certify t that the above Account is truly andjuftly fiated to the bef of our Knowledge and Belief.

- Deputy Lieutenant.

- Magistrate.

SCHEDULE (I.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the Clerk of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS

Date when received c a tj 3* -d V. V O -Vs M*Penalty of 30. for Persons worth more than 200. per Annum. Penalty of 20. for Persons worth more han ico. and not (xceeoing 200. Penalty of f 10 for Persons worth less than  100. per Annum. 'o  c j? < Date when remitted. 5^ Wj tl Si E*

Bv Remit, "y tance to the / B.ink of l-.ngland. \ By Remittance to the/ Agent Ge-f neral. J I'

Sworn before me

Day of 181

- Deputy Lieutenant

or Justice.

Clerk of

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the above i a just and true Account of all Sums received by me as Clerk of the Subdivision Meetiup or the County of between the

Day of and the

Day of to the bell of my

Knowledge and Belief.

- Signature.

the Subdivision of the County of

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

201

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coast of England.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS Ships and Vessels have frequently been wreeked, and many Lives and much Property have been lost, from the Ignorance or Misconduct of Persons taking charge of such Ships,

or Vessels as Pilots: And whereas the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond have, as well by Usage for more than Three Centuries, as by Grants from the Crown, and under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majestr 5 C. a. o.ao.

King George the Second, been empowered to appoint Pilots, Loads-f men or Guides, to conduit Ships or Vessels into and out of and upon

the River of Thames, through the North Channel to or by Or ford*

west, and round the Long Sand Head, through the Queen's Channel

or other Channels into toe Downs, and from and by Orfordness, and of the North Channel, and up the Rivers Thames and Medway, and the several Creeks and Channels belonging or running into the same;

and to make such Orders and Constitutions as should be needfal for the wholesome Government of Seafaring Men, and Maintenance and

Increase of Navigation, and of all Seafaring Men within the said River of Thames; in pursuance of which Powers she said Corpora- lion have from time to time appointed a sufficient Number of Pilots for the Purposes before mentioned: And whereas there hath been,

time out of Mind, and now is, a Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, who have had the Pilotage and Loadmanage of all Ships from the said Place*

of the Rivers Thames and Medway, which laid Society or FeHoW-

ship have been confirmed by various Alts of Parliament for regus. 3O.i. c.ij.

feting the Pilots of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, 7 Gi.Sum.

4 Deal and the Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots i C'2 q

notwithstanding which, many Persons not having Licence or Ao^ qSeC 4 thority, or competent Knowledge or Experience have taken upon d*.

themselves to alt as Pilots for conducing Ships or Vessels to- and from and upon the said Rivers, to the great Hazard of such Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, and the Lives of their Crews: And whereas the Provisions of the said Acts have been found inadequate 1 to the Regulation of Pilotage, and the Prevention of such Mifchfeft

and it is therefore necessary that further and more effectual Regular tioos should be made for that Purpose, and that ad the Provision*

1 and Regulations relating to the several Descriptions of Pilots aforesaid should be repealed: And whereas Alts of Parliament Have been paled for establishing separate and peculiar Jurisdictioas in relation to Pilotage in certain Ports, and on different Parti of the Coast: df Esstand, which, by reason of the same being limited, have been,

1 foond insufficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby:

and it is therefore necessary that more effectual Regulations should be made in relation to Pilotage on the Coast of England1: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reigd

1 of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better RegtifathH of 4ftO, 3. c.<04v

Pikfs, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the BHtiuf

4 Sm, which is tfow aear expiring 5 and it inexpedient that the same

should.

A.D. 18

S2

48 G. 3. C.IM. continued.

Provisions in Act relating to Pilots, repealed.

Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford shall license fit Persons as Pilots, within certain Limits;

like Powers to Lord Warden of Cinque Pons, Ac.

Exceptions.

C. 3J. 52 GEO. III.

c should be continued, with Alterations and Amendments, as is h<

inafter enacted: And whereas it is necessary for duly enforcing!

Laws respecting Quarantine, on which the Health of His Majdl r Subie6ts essentially depends, that the Names and Places of Reftda

of all Pilots in England should be known by those whose Duty ft

to convey Information respecting those Laws from time to time

them: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ( acted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, ! and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Te poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by f Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the Forty eigh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the famerriai to any Rates of Pilotage due or to become due, or to any Penalty Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred, or any other Act, Matter] Thing done or to be done before the Commencement of the OperatJ of any of the Provisions of this Act, in relation to any such Mitti as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby continued; and that; and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfehun Matters and Things relating as well to Pilots appointed by the ft Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as to Pilots oft Fellowship of Dover, Deal and the ljle of Thanet, and to the Pilotti by and Regulation of all such Pilots as aforesaid, and also as to tl Conduct of all Persons in Matters of Pilotage within the Jurisdifii of the said Corpo /ation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strong a the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, which are contained in any Ad < Acts of Parliament heretofore made, shall be and the same are herd repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafis of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Mailer Wardens and Affiftasi of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the Mod Glorious an Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptjtt Strond in the County of Kent, (commonly called The Corporation 1 Trinity House of Deptford Strond) and they are hereby required appoint and license, under their Common Seal, fit and competei Persons, duly /killed as Pilots, for the Purpose of conducting a Ships and Vessels failing, navigating and passing up and down, \ upon the Riyers of Thames and Medway, and all and every d several Channels, Creeks and Docks thereof or therein, or leadic or adjoining thereto, as well between Orfordness and London Brill as from London Bridge to the Downs, and from the Downs Wei ward as far as the Isle of Wight, and in the English Channel from tl Isle of Wight up to London Bridge: And, that from and after tl passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Warden of tl Cinque Ports, and Constable of Dover Castle, or his Lieutenant f< the time being, and they are hereby required to appoint and license! and competent Persons, duly /killed as Pilots, for the Purpose of coi dudting all Ships and Vessels failing, navigating and passing from tl Westward up the Rivers Thames and Medway; that is to say, froi Dungeness up to London Bridge and Rochester Bridge, and from tl Buoy of the Brake to the Westward; that is to say, from the hi Buoy to the West End of the Owers; all which Vessels shall b conduced and piloted by such Pilots so appointed and licensed, an by no other Pilots or Persons whomsoever; and also save and excep as well all Colliers as also all Ships and Vessels trading to Norwaj

go

A.D. 1812.

105

52 GEO. III. C. 39.

awf to the Cat teg at and Baltic, and likewise round the North Cape, 2od into the White Sea; and save and except all constant Traders inwards from the Ports between Boulogne inclusive and the Baltic, foeh Ships and Vessela having British Remitters, and coming up the North Channel by Orfordness, but not otherwise 5 and likewise save and except all coasting Vessels, and all Irish Traders using the Navigation of the River Thames as Coasters: Provided always, that it shall be lawful after the patting of this Act, for any Pilot or Pilots heretofore appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deft/orl Strmd, or by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Coirtfable of Dover Cattle for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, to pilot or coniduft any Ship or Vessel within such Lim ts as such Pilot or Pilots might lawfully have conduced and piloted the same before the patting of this Act, under and by virtue of the Licences or Authorities granted to such Pilots respectively as aforesaid; which rei'peftive Licences shall continue in force notwithstanding this Act, so that such Pilots respectively do in all things conform themselves to the Provisions of this Act, and the Rules and Regulations to be established under the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, the respective Rates or Prices herein after enumerated in the Table marked (A.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the hid Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, for the piloting or conducting of any Ship or Vessel from Place to Place, as expressied in the said Table, and that no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument shall, under any Pretence whatever, be demanded, solicited or received, than such Rates or Prices.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Pilot already appointed, or to be appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, under the Authority of this Act (except only such Pilots as shall be appointed by the said Corporation upon their receiving Certificates of Examination, by any Sub Commissioners of Pilotage as hereby directed) shall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same on their Behalf^ the Sum of Three Guineas in the Month of January yearly, which Payment shall be accepted by the said Corporation in Lieu and Satisfaction of and for all the ancient and accumftomed Duties payable by such Pilots to the said Corporation, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or any ether Statute or Charter whatever, and shall be applied for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation, (after firit defraying the reout the Expences incurred by the said Corporation from time to time in carrying this Act into Execution); and in case such anuual Payment shall not be duly made by the said Pilots respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to suspend the Persons so making Default from acting as Pilots, until due Payment shall he cade of such annual Sums.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be licensed by the tad Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as a Pilot for the Rivers of Thames or Medway, or the Channels leading thereto r therefrom, under the Provisions of this Act, who shall not have 11*served

Rate* demanded

by Pilots.

Pilots to pay annually Three Guineas to Corporation of Trinity Houfo.

5 G. 3.C.S*

Penalty,

No Person, licensed as a Pilot by Trinity House, except as hereift

A.D. 1l

specified, nor take charge of a Ship drawing more than 14 feet Water.

[Penalty.]

No Cinque Port Pilot shall take charge of Ship till he has been admitted.

[Penalty.]

Pilots of lower Class allowed after certain Period of Service to take charge of Ships of greater Draught than heretofore in Absence of Pilots of higher

fV*

C. 39. 52 GEO. III.

served as Mate for Three Years on board a square rigged Vefle shall not have been in the actual Command of a square rigged V for One Year, or who shall not have been employed in the Pilot vice of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond for a Years, or who shall not have served an Apprenticeship of Five t to some Pilot Vessel licensed under this Act; and that no Pc shall be so licensed, or be allowed until after Three Years Lto and Service, to take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Vessel drat more than Fourteen Feet Water, in the Rivers Thames or Md\ or any of the Channels thereof, until such Person shall have licensed, and shall have acted as a Pilot for Three Years under Is Authority, on Pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every such Gfe ms well by the Person acting as such Pilot, as also by the Mjfe Commander, or other Person having charge of such Ship or V< who shall permit any such Person to, take charge as a Pilot of same, contrary to the Provision aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, from after the passing of this Act, take Charge of any Ship or Vessd a Pilot belonging to the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dt Deal and the Isle of Thauel, commonly called Cirque Port Pi before he shall be examined by the Mailer and Two Warded by Four Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship for the being, touching his Abilities, and shall be approved and admitted the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal the Isle of Thanet, by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Constable of Dover Castle for the time being, or his Lieutenant the time being 5 and if any Person shall presume to act as a I belonging to the said Society or Fellowship, without having bee examined, approved and admitted as aforesaid, every such Person i for the Firit Offence forfeit Ten Pounds; for the Second, Twr Pounds; and for every other Offence, Forty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person belonging Pilot to the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, shall, front after the passing of this Act, be allowed to take Charge as a Pits any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Eleven Feet Six Inches Wa until he shall have been licensed and acted as a Pilot for Three Yi or of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Wi until he shall have been licensed and acted as a Pilot for Two Y more, making Five Years in the Whole, or of any Ship or Vj drawing more than Seventeen Feet Water, until he shall havel licensed and acted as a Pilot Two Years more, making Seven Y in the Whole 5 and at the Expiration of such Period of Seven Y< such Pilot shall be again examined as to his Fitness and Compete] and if he shall be approved of in such Examination and licensed* ( be authorised and allowed and entitled to take Charge of any Sj or Vessels of any Draft of Water; Provided always, that in cafi the Absence of Pilots who have been licensed and have acted ft i for the Terms of Three Years and upwards, Five Years and upw* and Seven Years and upwards respectively, the Pilots in thek Classes may take Charge of Ships drawing more Water than he* before specified for their respective Years of Service, and shall an such Case be liable to any Penalties for so doing; nor shall thf of the Ships who may take any such Pilpt on board in the Abb

D. 1812.

205

5 20 GEO. til.

C. 3?.

he Pilots of the upper Classes, nor the Owners of such Ships, be verable for any Loss or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners Ship or Vessel, or Comfignce of Goods, be prevented from overing any Loss or Damage upon any Contia& of Insurance of r same, or upon any other Conti act relating to any such Ship or tficly or any Cargo on board the same, by reason of such Pilots 107 so employed in their Ship*; in the Absence of the others: Pro-frays, that in any such Case the proper Flag shall be kept png, within the Limits and Distances herein after mentioned, and for t Period of One Hour after the Vessel shall have been at Anchor, is in this Act provided for Cinque Port Pilots coming on board of I within such Limits; and the Matter or Person commanding y Inch Ship or Vessel shall be subject to the Penalties and For-Inres by this Act imposed for neglecting to keep a Pilot Signal bg accordingly, although he shall have agreed to take any such bt of a lower Class, in case of no other Pilot coming on lx>ard 5 any Pilot having such Licence as shall qualify him to take Change Sty such Ship or Vessel on board of which any such Pilot ot a Class shall so be, shall be entitled within such Time, Limits I Distance as aforesaid, to supersede such Pilot of a lower Class. ail. And be it further enacted, That the Matter, and such ardens of the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity Ife of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, as shall be appointed time to time to examine into the Skill and Ability of any Person his being first admitted as a Pilot into the said Society or Fellow-p, or after he shall have been ficensed and served for Seven Years, take the Oath marked (C.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, be administered unto him by the Register of the Court of Load-nage, who is hereby authorised to administer such Oath.

'X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of A A, the respective Rates or Prices herein after enumerated in the ble marked ( B.) in the vSchednle to this Act annexed, may be law-y demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the Lord Warden Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Cattle for the time being, r'his Lieutenant for the time being, for the conducting of any Ship Vessel from Place to Place, as expressed in the said Table; and no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument,

under any Pretence whatever, be received, than such Rates or

[Proviso.]

Trinity Houses of Dover, &c. appointed to examine Pilots.

Oath.

Rates demanded by such licensed Pilots.

X. And be it further enacted, That a proper and sufficient Number Vilocs of the Cinque Ports, not less than Eighteen at any one time, ii SuccefSon, from time to time, without Intermission or any iFary Delay, shall, at all seasonable times, by Day and Night, ply at Sea, or be afloat, between the South Foreland and igecess, to take Charge of Ships and Vessels coming from the "ward; and proper Signals shall be established, to be made at and Signal Houses now erested, or which may be erected on corn-ling Situations near to Dover, to give Notice of Fleets of Vessels ing from the Westward; and upon the making of any Signals, ig Notice of the Approach of any Fleet from the Westward, all ue Port Pilots not on Duty at the time shall, according to such 3 and Regulations, as to Number, Rotation or otherwise, as have or shall be made in that Behalf, forthwith prepare to go afloat, and w ^w^WIl iIMIC i.w^with such Ships and Vessels, on

pain

A sufficient Number of Cinque Port Pilots to ply; upon making Signals of Fleets from Westward, Pilots to prepare to go off.

20 6

C-3 9-

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1l

Penilty.

Mailers of Ships from Westward not having Cinque Port Pilot, to display Signal for one, and facilitate his

'cgledh&c.

pain of forfeiting, in case of Neglect herein, for the first 01 the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the second the Offender fh suspended from acting as a Pilot for Twelve Months, and for the Offence shall forfeit his Licence to act as stich Pilot, and shall b4 dered thereby incapable of acting the reafter as a Pilot*

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other ? having the Command of any Ship or Vessel coming from the ward, and bound to any Place in the Rivers of Thames or Ma not having a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, shall, c Arrival of such Ship or Vessel off Dungeness, and until (he shall passed the Buoy of the Brake, or a Line to be drawn from So* getting on board. Castle to the said Buoy, (unless in the mean time (he shall h;

ceived a proper Cinque Port Pilot on hoard) display and keep the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on Board; and if any qualified Cinque Port Pilot shall be within hail, or approaching within Half a Mile, with the proper distinguishing Flag or flying in his Vessel or Boat, the Master or other Person havic^ Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, by heaving to in proper or fiiortening fail, or by all practicable means confiflently wit! Safety of the Ship or Vessel, facilitate such Pilot getting on I and shall give the Charge of piloting his Ship or Vessel to such G Port Pilot; and every Person commanding any such Ship or \ who shall not display and keep flying the usual Signal for a Pi come on board, from the time such Ship or Vessel shall have a off Dungeness, and until the Vessel shall have passed the Buoy q Brake in a Line to be drawn from Sandown Castle to the said (unless in the mean time a duly qualified Pilot shall have coi board) or who shall decline to take any such Cinque Port Pik board, or to give such Charge of his Ship or Vessel to such Pik who shall not heave to, shorten fail or otherwise facilitate such coming on hoard as aforesaid, cor.fillently with the Safety of the or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay double the Amount of the Sum would have been demanded for the Pilotage of such Ship or and shall forfeit the further Sum of Five Pounds for every Fifty Burthen of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that such addil Penalty of Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons, shall not in any cate sued for or recovered, unless the Corporation of the Trinity Hoi as to all cases in which Pilots licenseu by or under the said Corpc tion shall be concerned, or unless the said Lord Warden for thet; being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, shall license and authoi by written Certificate the Proceeding for such additional Penalty, to all Causes in which Pilots by or under the said Lord Wardeu II be concerned: Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel bounc Cinque Port Pi- the Rivers Thames or Medway shall anchor any where in the Doi ots may repair between the South Foreland, and a Line drawn from Sandown Cz anchor, within* anc* l^e South Buoy of the Brake, having any licensed Pilot ot certainDilUnces than a Cinque Port Pilot on board, it shall be lawful for a Qm Port Pilot to repair on board the same, at any time before such S or Vessel shall have been at an Anchor One Hour with the Signal a Pilot flying, and to take Charge of her up the said Rivers, but otherwise.

XII. And whereas great Convenience to Trade will arise by j ting an End to the Usage of Cinque Port Pilots quitting Ship.Vessels at Crave/tnd, or elsewhere in the Thames or Medway,

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C 39. 207

their Discretion Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after Cinque Port the passing of this Act, if any Cinque Port Pilot, taking Charge p'l<* quitting f any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship* before^ Ship or Vessel at Gravesend, or in any other Part of the Thames, or Content ot*in any Part of the Medway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have Matter, arrived at the Race to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the said Riven Thames or Medway respectively, without the Consent of the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless some other duly qualified Pilot shall with such Consent come on board, and shall take the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel for the Residue of the Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot shall forfeit Penalty, ibr every such Offence, all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vessel into the Risers Thames or Medway, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as, by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules and Regulations to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Deftiuation.

XIII. And whereas the Pilots of the Cinque Ports are divided into Two Classes, called the Upper and Lower Book Pilots: And whereas the permitting Cinque Port Pilots of the Lower Book to

take Charge of Ships which heretofore would only be taken by Pilots

of the Upper Book, will diminish the Profits of the Upper Book 1 Pilots, and increase the Profits of the Lower Book Pilots j and it is

therefore reasonable that Compensation should be made by the Lower

Book Pilots to the Persons who are at this time Upper Book Pilots

Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Load- Court of Load-manage from time to time to settle the Amount of the Deductions to manaSe to settle be made from the Rates received by Lower Book Pilots for taking u^e^Book"t# Charge of Vessels of greater Draft of Water than they could hereto- pjjots by the fore by Law take, and in what Propositions, and how and in what Lower Book manner, and to whom the same are to \)e paid, and how the same shall Pilots, be applied in making Compensation to the present Upper Book Pilots for the Losses they may sustain by such Lower Book Pilots taking Charge of such Vessels as aforesaid; provided that such Deductions so to be fixed as aforesaid, shall from time to time be diminished and decreased as the present Sixty four Upper Book Pilots shall die, be superannoated, or discontinue to act as Pilots; and that such Deductions shall be taken and accepted in lieu of all other Allowances or Contributions whatsoever from the said Lower Book Pilots, except Trinity Money, Clerks Fees, and for Widows.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to ad Rules to be is Cinque Port Pilots shall from time to time, and at all times here- padeSfCm<lue after, be subject to the Regulation and Government of the Lord ort P ot8' Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the time being; and the Master and Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover Castle and the Isle of Thanet, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, Constable of Dover Castle for the time bring, his Lieutenant for the time being, and the Deputy Lieutenant for vie time being, or either of them, with the Assent of the Commis-booer? of Loadmanage or the major Part of them present at an Aifombly commonly called a Court of Loadmanage, 10 be held by the hid Lord Warden or his Deputy, shall, within Four Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, proceed to make and shall make

sufficient

A.D. 1

Bye-Laws.

Privy Council.

Decision of Privy Council, final.

C. 39. 52 GEO. III.

sufficient Rules and Orders for enforcing the due Observance c Provisions of this Act by all Cinque Port Pilots, and for pnoi for the good Government, constant Attendance, and Regulation such Pilots, as well relating to the Services of the said Pilots in off to and taking Charge of and conducting and navigating Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and the Ships and Vessdsin His Maj Employ, and also all Ships and Vessels whatever and wherd within the proper and usual Limits of such Pilots, or wherein shall for the time being act or be, and for effectually securing the formance of all the Duties and Services of such Pilots at all t and from time to time to annul, alter or amend all and every of or of any existing Rules or Orders, or Bye-Laws, and to make other Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, as they shall deem fi proper; and all such R ules and Regulations hereafter to be made before the same are allowed to take Effect or become binding o Person or Persons whatever, be forthwith printed and traufmitt the Custom House in London, and there hung up in some confpn Place in the Long Room of the said Customs; and Notices ftu published in the Gaxelte, and also put up at the Custom Houses w the Cinque Ports, of such Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, o Alterations thereof for Inspection, for One Calendar Month, in < that any Persons interested therein, whether as Owners or Made Ships, or Pilots or otherwise, may transmit to the Lord Wird the Cinque Ports or his Lieutenant, any Objections which they have thereto, for the Purpose of the same being altered orconfin and if no Objection to the Rules and Regulations so made or al shall be proposed by or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons w the Space of Thirty Days after the Notices shall have been give: made public in the manner hereinbefore provided, they shall haw same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as all other and Regulations for the Governance of Pilots within the Jurisdi of the Cinque Ports have 5 but if an Objection shall be made, t< Lord Warden or his Lieutenant, by or on Behalf of any Perfi Persons, to any Rule or Regulation, or to any Alteration in any or Regulation, of which Notice shall be given as aforesaid, w Thirty Days after the Publication thereof, then and in such cat Operation thereof shall be suspended until Reference shall be ha His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, who are hereb] thorized and empowered to hear, as well any Person who fha deputed by the Court of Loadmanage, as by the Person or Pe objecting, and finally to decide as to the confirming, alterin rejeding such Rules or Regulations, which Decision of the I Council shall be final and be binding on all Parties; and Copies the shall be delivered to every Member of the said Society, and also to e new Member of the said Society on his Election; and a Copy or trad thereof shall be at all times in the Possession of every Pilot bd ing to the Cinque Ports, as well those already admitted and license all others hereafter to be licensed as such Pilots; and it shall be la in such Rules and Regulations to establish Rates of Payment 01 such Surplus Earnings of the Lower Book Pilots, as may arise i their being allowed to take the higher Classes of Ships in the AM of Pilots of the Upper Book, under the Provisions of this Act, for better Support and Maintenance of the Upper Book Pilots, and Penalties and Forfeitures for the enforcing such Rules and Reg

t

jU).1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 39. 109

lions, and better ordering of the said Pilots, and for suspending or depriving any of the said Pilots of their Licences for breaking such Rules or Orders, or omitting to do any thing required by the same to be done, or for acting in any wise contrary to such Rules or Orders.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Rules Sueh Rules rot and Regulations in relation to Cinque Port Pilots shall not be made duly m'4, e ard and transmitted as aforesaid within Four Calendar Months after the pafTtn^ of this Act, or if such Rules and Regulations, when made and council Vo order transmitted, shall appear to be in any material Point erroneous, infus- pioperRuleno bekut or defective, it shall be lawful for any Owner of Ships, or other be drawn up and Pcifxa interested in the Matter of such Rules or Regulations, to apply distributed. to His Majesty's Must Honourable Privy Council, who shall thereupon cause proper and sufficient Rules and Regulations to be drawn up for the Purposes aforesaid, in case no such Rules and Regulations shall hare been made and transmitted as aforesaid, or shall amend, correct or enlarge any such Rules and Regulations as shall have been made and traosmitted; which Rules and Regulations so made or so amended, collected and enlarged, shall be distributed, published and made use of, ia such manner as His Majesty's said Privy Council shall in that Behalf appoint and direct; and the same shall take Effect from such time as in the said Rules or Regulations shall be expressed in regard to the Commencement thereof.

XVI. And whereas, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the 3 G.x. e.ij*

4 Third Year of His late Majesty King George the First, the Number 5*

1 of Pilots of the Cinque Ports was to be One hundred and twenty at the lead, and it has been found by Experience that the said Number 4 u inadequate to the increased Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom; and by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign 48 0.3.C. 104.

of Hisprefeot Majesty, the Number of such Pilots were increased to S l5*

One hundred and forty; Be it therefore enacted, That Twenty Cinqrc Port Pilots more shall be added whenever such further Ad- Number of torn shall be directed to be made by an Order of His Majesty's Cmque Port Privy Council, upon Application made to His Majesty in Council for iner*fh

that Purpose by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud; and that a further Addition of Twenty Cinque Port Pilots shall be made to the Number above mentioned, increasing the whole Number to One hundred and eighty, by the like Authority, whenever such last mentioned Addition shall be applied for, by the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand, to His Majesty in Council. Increased Num*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the increased berkeptup. Numbers of the said Pilot3 shall respectively take place as hereinbefore provided, the Numbers so increased shall from thenceforth be kept up from time to time by the Appointment of Pilots in Succession as often as mj Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by Death, Incapacity or After Defini-DiinuEon; provided that after the Conclusion of a Definitive Treaty tive Treaty of of Peace with France, no Vacancy shall be filled up as aforesaid, with- Peace with otttafpecial Permission in that Behalf given by His Majesty's Privy Council, upon the Recommendation of the said Corporation of Trinity Permission of*House, unlefg the N umber of Pilots shall at any time, by Death or privy Council, ttherwife, be reduced below One hundred and forty, in which case the Vacancies shall be filled up from thenceforth from time to tinpe so*wt to exceed One hundred and forty in the whole.

XVIII. And whereas certain Harbours near The Downs have'krone much frequented as Places of Safety, and Ships and Vessels 51Gio.HL Plying

a; o

c. 39.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Pilots to qualify themselves to coiviulbatMlluiU conduct Ships into and out of Bomfgate, &c.

lying in or failing through The Downs are oftentimes compel

to run for those Harbours, and it is therefore necessary to flj

Provision for the Pilotage of such Harbours; Be it therefore acted, That all Pilots whose Licences or Warrants shall authei them to pilot Ships or Vessels from any Place to the Westward, Of London Bridge, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessid i and out of Ramsgate Harbour, and the Harbours of Z)cw, Sand* and Margate, and shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vesselsl and out of the said Harbours; and if any such Pilot shall refofc

[Penalty.]

take charge of or conduct any Ship or Vessel into or out of a

Rites for such Pilot jge.

Pilotage demanded as so<n as Ship moored.

Trinity House of Deptford llull appoint Kul) Commissioners of Pilotage to eiamine Pe rfons to id at Pilots.

the said Harbours, such Pilot shall forfeit all Pay and which he might otherwise be entitled for the Pilotage of any Ship or Vessel, and shall be subject to such Fine or other Puuidi as shall be established in that Behalf by the Rules and Regulation! the Corporation or Society to which such Pilot shall belong.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That f licensed Pilot who shall take Charge of and conduct any Ship or^fc into or out of Ramsgate Harbour, or into or out of Dover, Samdb or Margate, shall be entiilcd to and shall receive for such Pilots and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draa of Water of the Ship or Vessel so piloted and conduced by him i or out of any such Harbour, if Inch Ship or Vessel shall have I piloted and conduced into or out of the same in moderate Wt but if under any Circumstances of Distress, then such Pilot (half entitled to such further Sum of Money, to be calculated according the Extent and Circumstances of such Distress, as the Commir of Salvage, established under the Lord Warden of the Cinque shall, upon Application either of the Pilot, or Owner or Matter of! such Ship or Vessel, upon enquiring into all such circumstances, dko and such Commissioners shall, and they 3re hereby required, upon*; such Application made, to enquire into all such Circumstances. Ml determine the Amount of tire Sum f) to be^ paid for the Pilotage any such Ship or Vessel into the said Harbours respectively: Prori always, that on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel, and as soon shall be moored in any of the said Harbours, it shall be lawful for Pilot to demand the Pilotage due to him as aforesaid, and to quiti Ship njrtlnvith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they are h by required to appoint from time to time (as often and for ft Periods as they in their Discretion shall think fit) proper and tent Persons at such Ports or Places in England as they may requisite (except within the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, and all other Po.ts and Places within or for which Provision shall have fei made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter Charters for the Appointment of Pilots), not to exceed Five noe" than three Persons at each Port or Place for which any such Ap ment shall be made, which Persons so to be appointed shall be Sub Commissioners of Pilotage, and shall take the Oath in the ScM hereunto annexed, marked (D.) for the faithful Discharge of Duty; and such Persons so to be appointed shall and they are hi authorised (so long as their respective Appointments shall not he yoked or superseded* by the Appointment of other Persons in tfail

Phcesf

211

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 39.

Places) to examine into the Qualification of Persons to act as Pilots

for such respective Ports and Places, and the adjoining Coasts, speci-

fiedin their respective Appointments as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful On Certificate

for the said Corporation, upon their receiving a satisfactory Certificate, of being qua-

onder the Hands of any Three of the Persons so to be appointed, 2rant

where the whole Number of any Port or Place shall confitl of Four or lccnces*

Site, md by any Two where the whole Number shall consist of Three, that the Person examined as aforesaid is duly qualified to act for such Port or Ports, and the adjoining Coasts, to give a Licence to such Person to act as a Pilot within the particular Limits (describing the ferae) for which he shall have passed such Examination; which Licence shall be granted in the First Instance for One Year and shall afterwards, from Year to Year, be subject to Renewal and Confirmation, or otherwise, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House: Provided always, that such Sub Commissioners as have been Sub Commis-already appointed under the Authority of the said Act of the Forty f->ners already eighth Year of His present Majesty, shall continue to act in the same aPP*uted to Banner as if they were appointed under this Act. continue.

XXI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That it shall be Trinity Houses

lawful for the Corporation of the Trinity House of the Ports of Hull of Hull and and Newcastle respectively, to appoint Sub Commissioners of Pilotage Newcaille may to examine Pilots and give Licences for Pilots for piloting Ships and aPPn, nt*bb Vessels into or out of any Ports, Harbours or Places, within the umer,

Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; any thing in this or any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Ships brought

is this Act contained shall be construed to prevent any Ship or Vessel inr Prt by which shall be brought into any Port or Ports in England by any lM

Pilot duly licensed, from being afterwards removed in such Port or Ports by the Master or Mate, or other Person belonging to any such certainPurposei.

Ship or Vessel, and having the Command thereof, or if in Ballad, by any other Person or Persons appointed by any Owner, or the Mailer,

or any Agent of the Owner, for the Purpose of entering into or going

out of any Dock, or for changing the Moorings of such Ship or

Vessel.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall have licensed Pilots for any particular Port or Ports, and the respective Coasts near the same as aforesaid, they shall cause Notice of such Appointment to be published, by fixing up such Notice in Writing at the Trinity House, and at the Custom House in London, and also at the lefpeftrre Custom Houses of the Ports for which, and the Coasts near the same, such Appointment shall be made; and shall also, afterwards, cause such Notice to be published in the London Gazette, and in One or more Newspapers circulated in that Part of the Country where the Ports shall respectively be situated, which Publication in the London Gazette shall be good and firfficrent Evidence of the Notice having lew given; and from and after a time or times to be limited in the fod Notices, which shall not in any case, or in relation to any Ships r Vessels whatever, be less than Six Weeks from the Publication thereof as aforesaid, and shall be propositionably more, at the Discre-fiorioT die find Corporation, in relation to Ships and Vessels engaged k Foreign Voyage* at the time of such Publication, all Ships and uufiag, navigating or passing into or oat of the said respective P 2 Port*,

Notice of Appointment of Pilots fixed up at Trinity House, 5tc. after which no other Pilot shall act.

A.D. 1812.

C. 39.

J 2* GEO. III.

pilots suspended or derived of Licence, att'ng.

[Penalty.]

Pilots so suspended, tec.

Appeal

Owners or Masters of Ships m t answera le for Loss, nor C011-lignees prevented Irom recovering insurance, lor want of Pilots, It.

Owners not liable f< r more than Value of Ship and Freight.

Proviso for Ships of Hi*

A1 <tj; Ity; snu lor Velftls net exceeding 6c Tons.

Owner* not liable for l.ofs ax.iing from In*

Ports, or upon the Coasts thereof, shall be conduced and piloted by such Pilots only as shall be so licensed as aforesaid, and by no other Pilots whomsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person suspended, or adjudged to have forfeited his Licence as a Pilot, shall, during the Time of such Suspei.fion, or after such Adjudication, take upon himself to conduct any Ship or Vessel, except in cases of Distrtfs, and io cases where no licensed Pilots can be found, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by this Act against any Person who shall con-dudl or pilot any Ship or Vessel without ever having been licensed as a Pilot.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot who shall be suspended, or adjudged to have forfeited hit Licence, and every Person who, having complained of any such Pilot, shall be dissatisfied with ..he Adjudication made upon the Matter of such Complaint by the Corporation, Society or Persons who shall have Cognizance of such Complaint, may appeal to His Majesty's Privy Council, who shall thereupon hear the Appeal, and confirm or annul any former Determination or Adjudication in the Premises, or at their Discretion make any particular and special Order relating thereto, and to the Matter of such Appeal, as the case may require.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Datnage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, or Consignee of Goods, be prevented from recovering any Loss or Damage upon any Contract of Insurance of the same, or upon any other Contrail relating to any Ship or Vessel, or any Cargo on board the same, by reason of no Pilot being on board of any such Ship or Vessel, unless it shall be proved that the Want of a Pilot shall have arisen from any Refusal to take a Pilot on board, or from the wilful Neglect of the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel, in not heaving to or using all practicable means confiflently with the Safety of the Vessel, for the Purpose of taking on board any Pilot who shall be ready and offer to take Charge of such Ship or Vessel.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner of ary such Ship or VefR.1 shall be liable, in any such case, for any Loss or Damage beyond the Value of such Ship or Vessel and her Appurtenances, and the Freight due or to grow due for and during such Voyage wherein such Loss or Damage may happen or arise.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to auy Ships or Vefleib belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as to their being compelled to take Pilots on board.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Clauses, Provisoes, Penalties or Regulations of this Act, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Vessel not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty Tons, having BrUtfh Registers, nor to any Master or Owner of any inch Vessel in respect thereof, or of the navigating of the same in any Channel, River, Port or Place whatever.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, or

52 GEO. III. C. 39.

Consignee of Goods, be prevented from recovering any Loss or Damage upon any Contract of Insurance of the same, or upon any other Contract relating to any Ship or Vessel, or any Cargo on board the same, for or by reason or means of any Neglect, Default, Incompetency or Incapacity of any Pilot taken on board of any such Ship or Vessel, under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con-tuned shall be construed to extend to deprive any Persons of any Remedy, by Civil Action against Pilots or other Persons, which they to^ht have had if this Act had not been parted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the taking away, abridging, defeating, impeaching or interrupting of any Grants, Liberties, Fran*-schises or Privileges heretofore granted by any Charters or Acts of fttbament to the Pilots of the Trinity House of the Town of Kings-fm #pen Hull, or the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, or to

any Authority to the Corporation of the Trinity House of ford Strondy within any Ports or Districts having separate JuriL ms in Matters of Pilotage, under any Act of Parliament or Charter; or to alter or repeal any Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pilots of any Ports or Districts in (elation to which Provisions shall have been made in any Act or Acts if Pailnroent, as to Pilots or Pilotage, or the Pilotage within the Limits prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Pilotage for such Ports, or to the Burthen of Vessels navigating to #r from such Ports.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing h this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Master or Kate of any Ship or Vessel, or Owner or Part Owner, residing at Devrr, Deal or the Isle of Thanet, from conducting or piloting his Wrn Ship or Vessel up or down the Rivers Thames or Medway, or fisto or out of any Port or Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque fbrtj.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Pilot to supersede any Person not licensed b a Pilot in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits of lies Licence: And every Master of any Ship or Vessel who shall contone to act himself as a Pilot, or who shall continue any unlicensed Person, or any licensed Person acting out of the Limits for which he b qualified as a Pilot, after any Pilot licensed to act within the Limits b which such Ship or Vessel shall then actually be shall have offered Intake Charge of the Ship or Vessel; and every Person assuming or totalling in the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel without ibdag duly licensed to act within the Limits in which such Ship or VefcHhall actually be, after any Pilot duly licensid and qualified to ft in the Premises shall have offered to take charge of such Ship or shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the EjGnporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strondy and they are hereby authorised and required to establisti, vary and alter, from time to^tile as circumstances shall render the same necessary, regular Rates tipflotage in relation to all Pilotage performed in any River, Port ft Race, or upon any Coast whatever, by any Pilot or Pilots who

P 3 Awll

2(3

competency of Pilots, Sec.

Remedy by Civil Adieu.

Proviso for DiHrids having separate Jurisdiction

and for Mafleri, fee. residing at Dover, Sec. piloting their own Ships.

Licensed Pilots may fupeti'edc unlicensed ones, Matters continu. inr unlicensed Pilots, &c.

[Penalty.]

Trinity House of Deptford to establitti Rates of Pilotage, which shall be hung up at Cuf-tona Houses.

A.D. 1812.

Majority of Pilots or Owners of Ships, dif-satisfied with the Rates. Appeal.

Trinity House may make Bye-L.iws, and annex Penalties to breach of them.

Bye-Laws to be

mtHned by Chief Justice of K.B.OX C.P.

C. 39. 52 GEO. III.

shall be licensed by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination from any Sub Commissioners of Pilotage hereby directed to be appointed 5 which Rates shall be regulated by and propositioned as well to the Size and Draught of Water of the Vessels, as to the Distance piloted, the Detention and Responsibdity of the Pilot, and such other circumstances as the said Corporation may think tit to take into Consideration in fixing and establishing such Rates; of which Establishment or Alterations of Rates of Pilotage, Notice shall be given by hanging up printed 'rabies thereof, corrected from time to time as Variations therein shall be made, at the several Custom Houses at the Ports to which the said Rates shall apply.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the major Part in Number of the Pilots who shall be licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, for any particular Port or Place, in consequence of their receiving Certificates of Examinations as aforesaid, shall be difiatkfied with the Rates so established or altered, or in case any Owners of Ships or Vessels, interested in any such Rates, shall be diflatisiicd with such respective Rates, it shall be lawful for such Parties respectively to appeal to the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council; and it shall be lawful for any Committee of such Privy Council, calling to their Assistance any such Persons as they may think fit, to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal or Appeals, and to settle, alter and regulate such Rates as to them shall appear to be expedient, in case the Matter of such Appeal shall in the discretion of the said Committee of Privy Council appear to require the making any Orders therein.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to act as Pilots, or in Pilot Vessels, by the said Corporation of Trinity House, by virtue of this Act, shall from time to time and at all times hereafter be subject to the Regulation and Government of the Matter, Wardens and Assistants of the said Corporation, who are hereby authorised and empowered, as well for iniuring the good Conduct and constant Attendance of such Pilots upon their Duty, as for enforcing the general Purposes of this Act, from time to time to make and frame all such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinance*, as they shall think fit, therein specifying and directing also what annual or other Sums shall be paid by any such Pilots to the Sub Commissioners of Pilotage, for the Examination of such Pilots, and for granting and renewing or confirming their Licences from time to time; and it shall be lawful for the said Mailer, Wardens and Assistants of the said Corporation respectively, to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, when made, as to them shall seem expedient in that Behalf, and from time to time to annul, alter and amend, all or any of the existing Bye Law's, and to make such other and new Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, as they shall think proper, so as such Bye-Laws, Rules, Regulations and Ordinances, be made conformably to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm: Provided always, that no Bye-Laws hereafter shall have Force or Effect before they shall have been examined, sanctioned and approved by the Chief Justioc of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, the San6tion and Approbation of either of which Chief Justices shall be verified under his Hand and Seal; a4

all

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 39. 115

tad every such Bye-Laws* Rules, Orders and Ordinances, when so te and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be observed and kept, and put Execution, and have the same Force and Effect and Operation, to Intents and Purposes, as if the same were respectively enacted by i Ad.

KXXVIII. And, in order that all such Bye-Laws, Rules and Re- Copies of pro-bkdoiB, may be previously examined by the Parties interested therein, p^d Bye-Laws it farther enacted, That Copies of all such proposed Bye-Laws, t"n^m^ted '? del and Regulations, shall be transmitted to His Majesty's Privy an^v^o|^c_ atari, and to the Commissioners of Customs in London, Three f, oners of Cuffcarfar Mouths before the same shall be submitted to such Chief toms, fcaceas aforesaid; and the Commissioners of the Customs are hereby Copies hung up. asrtd upon the Receipt of such Copies, to cause the same to be Med and hung up, as soon as the same can be done, in the several stan Houses of the principal Ports in Great Britain, to be open to rMpeftion of all Persons interested therein at all seasonable times

I Notice shall be given in the Gazette, of such Bye-Laws being so Bjrup for Inspection as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Copies of such Bye- Copie* of Bye-mt. Rules, Orders and Ordinances, as shall be so made and con* Laws confirmed, ted as aforesaid, shall be printed, and shall be hung up in some hung up. die or conspicuous Place in the several Custom Houses of the3 in England within the Limits for which the Pilots respectively

3 be licensed 5 and also at the Trinity House in London

L. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall apply Persons applying a Licence to act as a Pilot by virtue of this Act, shall, before for Licenies 10'Licence shall be grahted to him, execute a Bond in a penal Sum, execute Bond the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Dept- Oh-die neel9

4 Strand, or the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal w*

L the IJU of Thanet, in an Amount not exceeding One hundred

tods, to be paid to the said Corporation or Society, their SucceL iaod Assigns, with a Condition subjoined thereto for better securingdue Obedience of such Pilot to the Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, filiations and Ordinances made in purftiance of the said Act, or eb dull be made and framed pursuant to this Act; which Bond B be capable of being given in Evidence in any Court of Law or trt without being damped according to the Laws relating to Stamp Duties: Provided always, that all Ikmds given by Pilots Irr any former Act, shall continue in force and be deemed to be (A under this Act, ur.less new Bands shall in any case be required the said Corporation or Society respectively, in which case new acts shall be given.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That all Bye-Laws, Rules, Regu- Bye-Laws,* dsasaodOrders made under the said recited Act of the Forty eighth under former ttrafintiaid, and in force under the same at the time of the passing to ftbtt Ad, shall remain and continue in full Force until the same shall raatmUrdor allowed under this Act, or other Bye-Laws, Rules and egthtMMs shall be made under this Act in lieu thereof 5 and shall Mod are hereby declared to be good and valid Bye-Laws, Rules (I Regulations and Orders, under this Act, as fully as if they had kft made ueder the Authority of the same; any thing hereinbefore tifc&r said recked Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

SUL And be it further enacted, That the Master or Person Marten of

any Ship or Vessel bound to the River Thames, and Vessels boundt*

which

A.D. 1812.

the Thames refusing to Stand-gate Creek to pay full Charges of Pilotage, &c.

Pilots quitting Ships at Stand-gate Creek before Arrival.

[Penalty.]

Pescription of Pilot iodoifed on Licence, &c.

Pilot* keeping Public Houses, Sec. or offending against the Revenue Law*, &c.

c. 39.

52 GEO. III.

which shall repair to Standgate Creel for the Performance of Qoai tine, shall pay the full Charges of Pilotage up to Grave/end or Su 1 gate Creek or other Place appointed for the Performance of Quai tine; 'and every Pilot conducting any such Vessel to Standgate Cil shall be entitled to Eight Shillings per Diem, for the Days he shall obliged to remain on Quarantine.1

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot taking Chad of any Ship or Vessel into the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall such Ship or Vessel at Standgate Creek before such Ship or VesseliH have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is boo* the Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, without the Conte*! the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless| other duly qualified Pilot shall come on board, and shall take-Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel for the Rebdue ofi Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot shall forfeit, for every! Offence, all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for fad conduced or piloted such Ship or Vessel to Standgate Creek* shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as by vi of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules and RcgubtJ to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilots shall be liable to; quitting a Ship or Vessel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Defti tion.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That a particular Descriptia the Person of every Pilot shall be written in or upon, or indorsed 00 Back of his Licence; and every Captain or Mafier, or other PeS having the Command of a Ship or Vessel, on receiving a Pilot on b shall inspect his Licence; and if he shall have Reason to think such Pilot is not the Person to whom the Licence was granted. Captain or Mafier, or other Person having the Command of such or Vessel, is hereby required forthwith to transmit a Copy of i Licence to the Corporation or Person* by whom such Licence have been granted, Rating the Date thereof, together with such count and Description of the Person producing such Licener Warrant, as may lead to the Discovery of the Offender.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the of this Act, if any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act, or ot duly licensed, shall keep or be concerned in keeping either by or any Agent or Servant or other Person, or shall in any interested in the keeping of any Public House or Tavern, or of public Entertainment, or in the felling of any Wine or Spin! Liquors, or Tobacco or Tea, (unless such Pilot shall have been concerned or interested in the same before the Firil March One thousand eight hundred and tight, and shall be d thorized, by the Corporation or Authority under which such shall act, to continue in such Business or Employment); or if^Pilot licensed as aforesaid shall be convicted of any Offence against tl Law or Laws relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or ft be concerned in or shall wilfully connive at any indirect Practice*' Frauds against the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or shall proett abet, connive at or participate in any Destruction, Spoil, Com! went. Fraud, Exaction or corrupt Practice, relating to Ship* 1 Vessels, or Persons in Distress at Sea or by Shipwreck, or relating I the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or the Cargoes of such Ship*! Vessels, or relating to the Crew or Passengers belonging thereto,

A.D. 1812.

217

52 GEO. III. C. 39.

die Monies, Goods or Chattels of any of them, then and in every such case every Pilot shall (over and above all other Punishments, Punishment. Mnl&s and Penalties, for such Offences) be difunded from being a Pilot, or shall be suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corportabn or other Authority from which such Pilot's Licence was derived.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall take Pilot aft'ing be-Chargr of any Vessel, or in any manner ad as a Pilot, or receive any fore or until Li* Cocpeniation for acting as a Pilot, unless he shall be authorised there- cen*c re^iftered; to by some lawful Licence, nor until such Licence shall have been ^Licence in* registered by the principal Officers of the Custom House of the Place Custody, cc. at or neared to which such Pilot shall reside, (which Officers are hereby required to register the same without Fee or Reward), nor without having his Licence at the time of his so acting in his Per-iosal Custody, ready to be produced, and which he shall actually produce to the Mailer of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person who shall be desirous of employing him as a Pilot; nor shall any Person, although duly liccnied to act as a Pilot, ad in that Capacity out of or beyond the Limits expressed in his Licence, or beyond the Extent of his Qualification therein expressed, unless in the Cases in this Act speofied, of Pilots of a lower Class a ing in the Absence of Pilots of higher Classes; 011 Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Thirty Penalty.

Pounds, nor I fs than Ten Pounds, for the First Offence, and for any Secoiid or subsequent Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That on the Death of any Death of Pilot, Pilot, his Executors and Administrators, or One of them, or the Per- Licence re-foo or Persons to whose Hands the Licence of such deceased Pilot turne<1 to ^or" shall come, shall, without wilful Delay, transmit such Licence to the |K>raUoa* Corporation, Company or Persons by whom such Licence was granted, on Pain of forfeiting for any Negled therein, or for Refusal to deliver the same when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Corporations the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and also authorised to for the said Society of Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the lice?le Velp1.s JlbofTbanet, and also for all other Corporate Bodies or other Per- i^AuVndance* tons having lawful Authority to appoint Pilots within the Limits of at Sea, &c. their respective Jurisdictions, to license Vessels of such Size and Description as shall appear to them to be proper for the Purpose of baring Pilots constantly in Attendance in such Vessels at Sea; and for the better Support of such Pilot Vessels, it shall be lawful for any Number of Pilots licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise lawfully berated, with the Consent of the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots have been or shall be appointed as afonrsaid, to constitute a Joint Stock Company or Companies, for the providing and maintaining of such Pilot Vessels; which Companies, and the said Vessels shall at all times be subject to such Rules ud Regulations as shall from time to time be fandioned and approved is that behalf by the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots shall respectively have been licensed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot Boat or Vef- How Pilot Boats R or other Boat or Vessel in the Pilot Service of any Corporation fitted, or Society established by Law in relation to Pilotage, or of any Per* Name and

font

218

A.D. 181

Number of

])fincip; <l Pilot painted thereon.

[Penalty.]

Carrying distinguishing Flag, without Pilot.

[Penalty.]

Pilots declining to take Charge of Vessels, or exalting more than allowed Fee, Sec.

C. 39. 52 GEO. III.

fons authorised to aci as a Pilot by such Corporation or Sockl shall at all times and on every Station, be fitted with Black Sadi and have the upper Strake next the Gunwale painted Whke, a shall, while afloat, carry a Yar.e at the Mast Head, or else a Flag < Sprit or Stass, or in some other equally conspicuoua Situation; whil Vane or Flag Hull be of large Dimensions, propositioned to the Sa of the Boat or Vessel carrying the same, and shall be Half Red Half White, in horizontal Stripes, of which the uppermost shall \ White; and the same shall at all times be kept and preferred is clean and diffindl Condition, so as to be easily difeemed at a prop and sufficient Difiance; and every such Boat or Vessel shall also has the Name of the principal Pilot thereof for the time being, paiatt m broad White Letters, of Three Inches in Length, on a Blag Ground on her Stem, and on each Bow such Number as shall bed pressed in the Licence of such principal Pilot; which Name Numbers shall not be hid or concealed by any Person, at any tim on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for such Omifid O Evnsion, to be paid by such principal Pilot, who shall at all tkJ be answerable for the due Observance of the Matters aforesaid, every Person on board such Boat or Vessel; and every other Bof not in the Service of any Corporation or Society, carrying off a Pflij shall exhibit a similar Flag on a Sprit or Mast, to distinguish that t has a Pilot on board.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel,having a licensed Pilot on board, shall, without lawful Authors] cany such distinguishing Vane pr Flag as aforesaid, the Owners Owners or the Mailer or other Person having Charge of such Bd or Vessel, displaying or carrying any such Vane or Istag, shall, m every such Ofllnce, forfeit and pay a Sum of One hundred Poum

LI. And be it further enacted, Thai every Pilot licensed by virfa of this Act. or otherwil'e duly licensed, who shall, when difengagfl or on any frivolous Pretexts, decline to take Charge of aur Ski or Vtfiel, unless such Cause shall be shewn by the Pilot at justify his not taking Charge of the Ship; or who shall dec lice,being required by any Captain of any of His Majesty's Ships, by any Officer of the Society or Fellowship to which such P3i shall belong, or the Matter or other Person having the - Charge any Ship or Vessel, to come on board of any Ship or Vessel; or wtf shall decline, when required by any Commissioned Officer ia His Majesty's Navy, or by any principal Officer of His Majesty's Cd toms, or by any Person or Persons interested as Principal or A^Ci for or on Behalf of any Ship or Vessel wanting a Pilot, to go off*and take Charge of any Ship or Vessel, when it shall be safe so 0 do; or who shall exact or demand or bargain for any greater Fee 0 Reward, or any greater Price or Hire for Pilotage, than such a are or shall be allowed by such Rates or Rules at are or shall 1 we after be legally established in that Behalf; or who shall in any wifi delay going on board any such Ship or Vessel, or taking Chargt thereof when on board or alongside thereof; or who shall quit avj such Ship or Vessel, or decline the piloting thereof after be has beci engaged or after going alongside thereof, without Leave of thl Captain of any of His Majesty's Ships, or of the Owner, Ma&tr, Captain or Person having the chief Command of any Ship or Vessel or before the Service shall have beca performed for which he w

hired

erf; or shall by Druukent efs rendtT himself incapable of conduit-*y Ship or Vessel, or shall negligently or wilfully run any Vestrl Short, or lefcr the same, or do any Injury to the fame or to the ckie or Furniture thereof; or who shall lend his Licence to any licrnled Pedoc, to enable or assist him towards af.iing or claiming ad asaitraded Pilot; shall forfeit, for every such CffL-i.ee, any im not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor iefs than Ten Pounds, d shall be liable to be dffinifled from being, or suspended ftom i; Dg as a Pilot, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of nmtf House of Deptford Strand, or at the Discretion of such her Corporate Body, or Person or Persons, by whom such Pilot is hemied.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot, licensed r \iitue of this Act, shall employ or make use of, or shall compel require any Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship Vefid, to employ or make life of any Boat, Anchor, Cable* iwter or any other Matter or Thing, in or for the Service or pre* edd Service of such Ship or Vessel, beyond what shall actually and iafde be necessary and proper for the Use thereof, with Intent ere by to enhance or increase the Charge or Expense of Pilotage or Hot AMance of such Sliip or Vessel, whether for the Gain and rnoiurnm of such Pilot, or for the Gain or Emolument of any her Person or Persons whomsoever; then and in every such case the rrioa so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Dundsnor kb than Ten Pounds, and shall also be liable to be de-uedof his Licence, or to be suspended from atting as a Pilot for limited time, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity We of Depijlrd Strand, or other Authority by which he is or ill be been led.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person licensed > ad as a Pilot by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, r any Person not being a Pilot, but acting under pretext or colour f Pilotage, shall wilfully and knowingly condutl, lead, decoy or rtray y Ship or Vessel into Danger, in any manner not already rovided agaiail by any Statute or Statutes; or shall unnecessarily r improperly cut any Cable or Cables of or belonging to any Ship r Vestrl, or cause or procure the same to be cut uu ieceffurily and uproperly; or if any such Person shall, by wilful Misrepresenta-m of any Circumstances upon which the Safety of any Ship or ittie! shall appear materially to depend, for the time being, obtain ff endeavour to obtain the Charge and Conduct of any such Sliip or Mid; then and in every such case the Person so offending, or who Ihilaidin, procure, abet or connive at the committing of any such Ofbce or Offences, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds; and in case the Perioo so offending shall be a Pilot, he shall be either dismissed W being a Pilot, or suspended from scting as such for a limited period, at the discretioR of the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if ary such licensed Pilot Vefid or Boat shall run before any Ship or Vessel not having a P3ot on brard, for the Purpose of directing the Course of fahttipor Vessel, until a Pilot can be put on board, the Pilot on tik Pilot Vessel, or the Person having Charge of her, shall be entitled

[Penalty.]

Pilot* employing

or requiring Majteis to employ

beyond necef-Gry.

Pennlty,

Conducing any Vessel into Danger, or unnecessarily rutting Cables, Lc.

[Penalty.]

Pilot Boat run*

ning before VII-fels not having

Pilot on board

220

A.D. 1812.

Taking Pilot to Sou

Pay.

Surplus Rates of Pilotage on Ships not having British Registers, paid to Receivers, and made Fund for Relief of infirm Pilots.

Account thereof bid before Parliament.

How Pilotage of Ships not Foreign recovered.

How Pilotage of Foreign Ships recovered.

c. 39.

52 GEO. III.

entitled to the full Pilotage, for the Distance run, until a duly lk Pilot shall be put on board, as if such Person had been a6 board such Ship and had the Charge of her as a Pilot.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Pilot shall be 1 Sea by the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Skrif by any Mailer of any Ship or Vessel in the Merchant SerriceJI out his free Consent, except in case of absolute and ur Necessity, and in such case every Pilot so taken to Sea and receive Ten Shillings and six Pence per Diemy until he returned to the Port or Place where he was taken on board, til he shall have been discharged from the Ship for a fuf to have enabled him to return there.

LVI. And whereas it is expedient that the Surplus Ra

Pilotage, imposed by this Act on Ships not having Br '

giflers, Should be applied for creating a Fund for such

longing to the Trinity House of Deptford Strond\ and

Fellowship of the Cinque Ports, as shall be superannuatc it enacted, That all such Excess of Rates as aforesaid, wh pertain to the Establishment of the Trinity House, shall be j a Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in that Behalf by 1 Corporation, at some Place or Places convenient for the such Payment, within the Port of London, and shall be applied! said Corporation in the manner herein after directed; and if 1 extra Rates of Pilotage shall pertain to the Establishment Cinque Ports, then the same shall be paid to a Receiver or Re to be in that Behalf appointed by the Lord Warden and the^ of Loadmanage, at some convenient Place or Places for the] ment thereof, within the said Port of London, ai d* shall be 1 by the said Court in the manner herein after in that Behalf that is to say, in both cases to create a Fund for the better and Maintenance of such Pilots as shall become incapable charging their Duty, from advanced Age, or from any Ac permanent Infirmity; to be applied and distributed in such'i ner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the Corporation* Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the Lord Warden Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports, shall respectively and provide; of which Receipts and Appropriations the said - rations and Courts respectively shall annually lay an Account I Parliament, within Twenty Days after the Commencement ofi Session.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money shall become due to any licensed Pilot, for Pilotage, foall and recovered from the Owners or Masters of Ships or Vessels, or! the Consignees or Agents thereof, not being Foreign Ships or W who shall have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other C3l for the Ship or Vessel in the Port of her Delivery, and foall and j be levied in such and the like manner, according to the Amoi any such Sums of Money respectively, as any Penalty or Pc may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of this Act, thereof being made in Writing at least Fourteen Days before Levy.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, ' That the Confi^ Agents of all Foreign Ships and Vessels, who shall have paid gaged to pay any Charge whatever in relation to such Ship

221

812. 52 GEO. III. C. 39.

shall be liable to the Payment of, and shall pay all Sums for; due to the Pilot or Pilots who shall have piloted such Ships els, on Proof being made within Fourteen Days after such e shall have been performed, on the Oath of such Pilot be-y Justice of the Peace, that the same has not been paid by iptain of such Ship or Vessel, if Payment thereof shall be led from any such Consignee or Consignees within Twenty one hereafter; and if any such Sum or Sums which shall so become od shall be so demanded as aforesaid, shall not thereupon be ben and in such case the Sums of Money so due for Pilotage, recoverable in like manner as any Penalty under the Sum of r Pounds may be recovered by virtue of this Act; and such Consignee* of jeesor Agents of Foreign Ships or Vessels are hereby autho- Foreign Ships id empowered to retain in their Hands respectively, out of any may retain which they may have received or shall thereafter receive for or ont of such Foreign Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners, so much as shall be sufficient to pay and discharge such Pilot-d any Expences attending the same.

L And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Ship Mailers of cl which shall be piloted or conducted by any other Person Vessels piloted'duly licensed Pilot, within any Limits for which Pilots have"? ot*Jc' shall be appointed by any lawful Authority, shall forfeit pilot/*the Amount of the Sum which would have been demandable Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel, and shall likewise forfeit an ui Penalty of Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of Penalty, lip or Vessel, if the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford as to cases in which Pilots licensed by or under the said ation shall be concerned, or the said Lord Warden for the ing, or his Lieutenant for the time being, as to all cases in the Cinque Port Pilots shall be concerned, shall think it pro-U the Person prosecuting should be at Liberty to proceed t Recovery of such additional Penalty, and certify the same ling: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend Exception, ed to Penalties any Master of any Ship or Vessel (not anchor-bin the Limit? of any Port or Place for which Pilots are or r appointed) who shall act himself as Pilot in passing up and he Er.glijL Channel or elsewhere, in passing by any Part of the f England in the Course of any Voyage, or within the Limits Poit or Place to which his Ship belongs, not being a Port or o relation to which Provision hath heretofore been made by % or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for vpointment of Pilots, or who shall employ any Person as a or who shall act himself as such for the Conduct of his Ship M, in any case where and so long as a duly qualified Pilot M offer Assistance or make a Signal for that Purpose: Pro- Prorifo.

that this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend feaoy Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress at In* or Place, nor shall subject such Persons, or any Master of bap or Vessel employing such Persons, to the Penalties of this nrefped of such Assistance given during this Distress of such or Vessel, or in consequence thereof, or under any Circum- % which shall have rendered it necessary for such Master to fafclf of the best Assistance which at the time could be procured;

Reporting to Pilot* n falte Account of Draught, kc. of Vessels, kc. Bounty. Penalty.

[Penalty.]

Haw Controverts rcl'jK^f-Draught of W iter ol Vessels settled.

Names of Pilots Inserted in Report of Ships coming into Port of London, and reported to Trinity House. Like Reports of Vessels clearing outwards.

Penalty,

C. 3 9*

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

cured; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in aayl notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Person havii^ Command or Charge for the time being of any Ship or VefW, ' shall report or be privy or consenting to any other Performs ing to any Pilot taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel,feit and pay for every such Offence, in addition to the Pa the full Rate of Pilotage to the P.Vot entitled thereto, di Amount of such Pilotage; and any Person having the Cor Charge for the time being of any Ship or Vessel, or having terect, Share or Property therein, who shall fraudulently 2 Marks on the Stem or Stcmpost thereof, denoting the Drai Water, or shall be privy to and consenting thereto, shall such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds

LXI. And, in order to prevent or settle Controversies cooflfl the Draught of Water of Ships and Vessels which shall be fr( to time on the River Thames (not having British Regiffers) further enacted, That whenever any Difference about the Eft of Water of any Ship or Vessel shall arise between the Mi other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vefld tny Person who shall have piloted the same into the fa: d Rw who shall be required to pilot the same therefrom pursuant I Directions of this Act, the said Corporation of Trinity Hot some proper Officer or Person appointed by them, shall actM the Draught of Water of such Slop or Vessel, and shall fetd determine the same between the Parties, upon Application mi either of them to, t lie said Corporation within Twelve Hoon such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Moorings in the ! or before the Cargo thereof shall be begun to be unladen, or 1 such Ship or Vessel shall quit her Moorings on any outward Vo for which Admeasurement the Officer or Person making the shall be paid One Guinea if the Ship or Vessel shall be below the Pool, and Half a Guinea if above the Pool, by the Ped quiring fueft Admeasurement, or making Application for tti to the said Corporation.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Matter or Person having the Command for the time being of ?mv Ship or1 required to be piloted according to the Directions of this Act, on coming into the Port of London, and in making the Entry 0 port of his Ship or Vessel inwards, insert or cause to be intert Rich Entry or Report, the Name of the Pilot or Pilots emploj engaged by him or by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel to pill same into the said Port of London; and which Insertion flM made (without Fee or Reward) by the proper Officer of the Cal in the said Entry or Report, who shall also report th? same ft Corporation of the Trinity House monthly 5 and also that the cipal Searcher or Clearing Officer of the Customs at Gra^oefast demand and take the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots Ships or Vessels clearing outwards from the Port of Londm]m shall transmit Monthly Lifts of such Names to the said Corn of the Trinity House, on Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceedtnf Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, to be paid by every Person' shall neglect to comply with the foregoing Regulations respectiw

LXIII.

223

812. 52 GEO. III. C39.

fIL And be it further cm&ed. That the Matter of every Ship d, not having a British Remitter, who shall nut furnish or give ime of tle Pilot or Pilots who shall have been employed to ib Ship or Vessel into ihe Port of London* shall be deemed to ailed aid been navigated into the said Port without a Pilot, allbeliabk* to pay the same or the like Pilotage for such his or Vessel, for and in respect of the Dittance which he shall or (31?navi^ted and failed up the River Thames, or the Channels  thereto without a Pilot, as he would have been liable to pay3ot had been employed by him; and the same shall be paid Collector appointed by the Corporation of Trinity House, all go toward the Fund by this Act established in relation to irplas Rates of Pilotage: Provided nevertheless, that in all where due Proof shall be made to the Corporation of tho jf House, at any time within Three Months after any such nt, that 2 Pilot was in any such case regularly and duly em-ad paid, then and in any such case the Sum or Sums of which shall have been so paid, shall be returned to the Per* Persons who shall have paid the same, or any other Person font by him or them duly authorised and empowered to re* he same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Lifts of the Christian and res. Ages and Places of Residence, of all Pilots in England\ rith the Dates of their Appointments, on or before the Thirty 'av of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be irted to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Slrond> ir Court House in London, distinguishing the Limits within such Pilots ^re appointed to act respectively, and thencefor-rom time to time as each Appointment of a Pilot shall take and also Duplicates of such Lifts to the Commissioners of the ds in England, annexing to the Lifts to be transmitted to the t House, the Rates of Pilotage, and also Rating the Rules pgulttions made and established in relation to such Pilots, in ich Rules and Regulations shall have been made by any other ritythan by Act of Parliament, or by the said Corporation of r House of Deptford Strand; and the same, when so completed, p transmitted as aforesaid by the respective Bodies Politic and ate, and other Persons authorised to appoint Pilots in any: of Harbours or Rivers, or 011 any of the Coasts of England, om such Pilots shall have been appointed respectively; and the udies Politic and Corporate, and other Persons authorised to t Pilots as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to it to the said Corporation of Trinity House, at their said House in London, annually, on the Thirty first Day of De-or within One Calendar Month afterwards, a List corrected tkfeid Thirty first Day of December annually, of the Names UfMeoces of the Pilots within their several Jurisdi^ions, and ffacbAlterations as may have been made (if any) in the Rules fgubtions for governing Pilots within their respeC* < - D: ftri6to.

XV. And whereas by Two Acts passed in the Forty fifth and tyfixth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual hnnance of Quarantine, Pilots are required, on going on board* (Mfridug from Foreign Parts, in certain cases, to give Informant the Commanders thereof, respecting Proclamations and 7*Orders

Matters of Foreign Ships not giving Name of Pilot, deemed to have tailed without one, and shall pay Pilotage.

Lift of Pilots transmitted to Tfinity House and Commissioners of Customs.

45 ft*3 c.roi 16.

46 G. 3. c. 98.

C-3 9-

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Commissioner* of Custom* to transmit to principal Officers at several Ports in

Port.

Orders in Council relative to the Performance of Quarantine, whi(

renders it necessary that Notice of such Proclamations and Oi '

which may have been issued subsequent to the Departure from

land of such Ships, should be previously communicated to all

throughout England*Be it further enacted, That the said missioners of the Customs shall, within One Month, from the first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and t transmit to the principal Officers of the Revenue under their Mi

England^Names, ment at ^e ^eVera^ Ports in England, the Names and Places of See. of Pilot* re- dence such Pilots, in the Lifts so transmitted to them, as (hitt siding within side within the Limits of each Port respectively, and so from thf

Limit* of each forward the Name of each Pilot of whose Nomination they Ihafli ceive Notice from the proper Authority, in order that the said p cipai Officers at the several Ports may be enabled to commtuK to every Pilot within the Limits of the Ports respectively all I clamations or Orders in Council respetiing the Performance of^rantineby Ships arriving from infected Places, which the said Ofiei are hereby required to do.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Acts of Parliam! and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Pd ties and Forfeitures, contained in any Act which in any manner rt to the Regulation of Pilots or Pilotage within any River, Pot Harbour, or within any local Limits specified in any such Act, Ch or Provision, and in which any Reference is made to the said Adfc the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or in any manner apply thereto* vary or alter any of the Provisions thereof as to Pilots or Pflol within any such Limits, shall continue in full Force, not with Ham the Repeal of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, be deemed to refer and apply to this Act, and shall be so con&d as if the same were particularly referred to in this Act; any thug this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Pi

All Acts relating 10 Regulation of Pilots extended to Act

48 G. 3. c. 104.

Preservation of

Beaeons, 8 hlix. Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in an Act passed

c. 13.

Riding by, &c. any Beacon.

Penalty*

39 G.j. c.lxix.

Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or any>ther Acts made and in force for the Preservation of Beacons and Marks, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Vesseki^ appointed to exhibit Lights therein for the Preservation of Shipcl Vessels at Sea, and to all ^Persons removing, injuring or deftr such Vessels or Lights; which Offences may be laid and trio any County in England.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who ride by, make fall to, or remove, or wilfully or negligently rim

pr run foul of any Vessel appointed or placed to exhibit Ligh any Buoy or Beacon belonging to the said Corporation of Tii House of Deptford Strond, or belonging to or placed by any 1 Corporation having lawful Authority to place the same, shall f for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nerjv than Ten Pounds, together with the Expence of replacing ori ing good any Damage occasioned by such Misconduct.

LXIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth \

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for j

ing more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of the Dock Mailer or Dock Matters appointed by the IVtfL i 4 Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said Act, have \

Poa

-J.l o 1 2.

22$

52 GEO. III. C39.

and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving'removing of all Ships and other Vessels, Lighters and Craft, as shall be within the Distance of Two hundred Yards from any En-rance out of the said River there into the Works of the said Com-jany, as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, g in or going out of or from the same: And whereas the Powers -Q to the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, under and by Be of the said recited Act, have not been found sufficient to him and them to enforce Obedience to his and their Orders: Directions to Pilots having the Charge or Direction of navigat-iiips and Vessels within the aforesaid Distance of Two hun-i Yards of the respective Entrances into the said Docks from River Thames Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after - pafEng of this Act, if any Pilot or Pilots having the Charge or ->a of navigating any Ship or Vessel within the aforesaid ee of Two hundred Yards from the respective Entrances into: ar: Docks from the River Thames, and either intended to go or having recently come out of the Docks, Basons, or other of the said Company, shall neglect or refuse to obey fqch 'd-rrs or Directions as shall or may from time to time be given to .'5uot or Pilots, by the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, and by virtue of and agreeably to the Powers vetted in him and n by the said recited Act, touching or relating to the mooring, mooring, moving or removing of such Ships or Vessels so being the Charge or Direction of such Pilot or Pilots as aforesaid 5 and in every such case every Pilot so offending, shall forfeit and Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds ery such Pilot shall be liable to be dismissed from being a Pilot, spended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corpora-or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Corporation of the House of Deptford Strondy and the Court of LCadmanSge of -. Ports, and all other Corporations for managing or directing in any Part of England, under the Authority of any Act of rient or Charter, shall annually, within one Month after the rft Day of January in ever)1' Year, transmit to the*Office of the Rc-01 the Sixpenny Duty in the Port of London, S'Lift of all the.L of every Description employed by them or by Persons under Authority for the Purposes of Pilotage, with the Number of ind Boys belonging to or serving in any such Vessel.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and re=>, which are by this Act imposed, or which (half be im-any Bye-Law made under the Authority thereof, the man-levy big whereof is not herein otherwise expressly directed, which not exceed Twenty Pounds, or in respect of which the Party -ting shall proceed for any Sum not exceeding Twenty hich in all cases it shall be lawful for him to do, with the lent ct the Corporation of Trinity House of Detiford Strondy or said Lord Warden for the time King, or his Lieutenant for me being, in the cases in this Act before mentioned, notwith-g a greater Penalty might otherwise be recoverable, may he and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence ace# committed, or within such other time as is herein after in 1 Behalf directed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for 52 G*o. III. Q ih

Pilots not obeying Orders of Dock Matter of West India Doc* Company.

[Penalty.]

Lirt of Pilot VefMs and Number of Hands transmitted to Receiver of Sixpenny Duty in London.

How Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pound* recovered.

22 6

Imprisonment.

Hgw Penalties aVvovc Twenty Pounds recovered.

Picviso.

C. 39. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1I1

the County, City, Division or Place, where the Offence or Oil shall be committed 5 or if committed by any Pilot, before any J of the Peace or Maeidrate of the Ciry, Town or Port, to whi^l Pilot shall belong; or if committed by any Owner or Mailer< Ship or Vessel, by any Justice of the Peace or Magillrateof the1 ty, City, Town or Port, at which such Owner or Mailer (bafli or to which the Ship of such Owner or Mailer shall beloej if committed by any Pilot of the Trinity House of Deptforil or of the Cinque Ports, or by any other Person, on any Part < Sea from Orfordness to the Mouth of the River Thames, or fires geness to the Mouth of the River Thames, or upon the Riven 2 or Medway, then by any Justice of the Peace of the Cowl Kent, Surrey, Essex or Middlesex, or by any Magistrate of tk of London; and such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empdl and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant rant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offender!, I Time or Place in such Warrant specified 5 and if on Coovifl the Offender or Offenders respectively, on his, her or their session, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Wi| Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices i are hereby empowered to administer), such Fine, Penalty or Fi ure, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to a such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the mon Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City or 1 where such Offender shall be convi6led, there to remain whhotf or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months less than Twenty one Days, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfc and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, Ihi sooner paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Peuall Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Al posed for any Offence or Offences committed agair.ft this Act, which the lowed Penalty being less than Twenty Pounds, 3 gt Sum may be awarded than Twenty Pounds, and in which the prosecuting such Offence shall, with the Consent of the Corptfj of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or of the said LordWl for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, in the! in this Act before mentioned, proceed for any greater Sumj Twenty Pounds, shall and may be recovered, with full Ccflsofj by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminstert wherein no EffoignJ te&ion. Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance m allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offe* Offences Ihsdl be committed, or within such other time as is bq after in that Behalf directed; and in any such case or case it Hd lawful to sue for the full Penalty or Penalties, and it shall aH lawful for the Jury giving the Verdict, to award any Sum, od than the Sum specified as the lowed Penalty, nor greater thq Sum specified as the highed Penalty, for the Offence for whid Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, is or shall be brought: Pd always, thatjn case the said respective Periods of Six Calendar and Twelve Calendar Months, or either of them, within wliicH Penalties or Forfeitures, are to be sued for as aforesaid, IhaflS case or cases clapfe and run out before any Prosecution hereby!

327

52 GEO. III. C. 39.

tad directed shall have been commenced for the Recovery of Roes, Penalties or Forfeitures 5 and if it shall in manner herein-mentioned be made to appear, as soon after as the Circumstances case shall reasonably admit, that the Commencement of the U has been delayed by the Reason of the Ab fence of any or Parties, whether offending or complaining, or by the Ab of any necessary 'Witness or Witnesses 5 then upon such Cir, being Rated by Affidavit in Writing, made before any

: of any of His Majesty's Court9 of Record at Westminster, it dfcreupon be lawful for any such Judge or Judges to order or liorize the Commencement of such Prosecution within such further 2s such Judgje shall think fit to limit in that Behalf; and in such, the Prosecution or Prosecutions so ordered or authorised shall and be commenced and prosecuted within the time or hespective times sited, in like manner and with the like Effect in all respects as if 1 Prosecutions had been commenced and prosecuted within the said kbve Periods of Six Months and Twelve Months hereby limited.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothingcontained shall extend to affect or impede the Jurisdiction of the at of Loadmanage, as far as respects the Pilots appointed under Authority of the said Court; and provided also, that nothing in Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ft whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices, or after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act, shall go into or reside or be in any other County, Riding, Division, It, Liberty, Town or Place, not within the Jurisdiction of the jjpftice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, it shall be for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, f Liberty, Town or Place, into which such Person mall escape, before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to inks or their Name or Names on such Warrant 5 and the same, fb indorsed, shall be sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers execute such Warrant in Yuch other County, Riding, Division, Town or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices _ the said Warrant; and any Justice or Justices respectively, the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before or them within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear determine the Complaint, in the same manner as if it had origin -aiifen within his or their respective Jurisdictions, and may direct Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justice or Justices granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That One Third of all Fines I. Penalties to be levied in pursuance of this Act, or under any Bye-w made in pursuance thereof, by whomsoever incurred, shall go to Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of ifach Fines or Penalties shall he paid and applied to the Fund of the Jmity House at Deptford Stroud, and shall be applied, after de-iftong thereout the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, jWltt manner, and for the like Purposes as the other Funds of the WHC'crpontion are by Law or Usage applicable, iu case such Fines V Q 2 or

Proviso for Court of 1 oad-manage and Court of Admiralty.

Justice of any County into which an Offender shall eft ape, rmv indorse original Warrant, vrh'ch shall authorize Peace Oihcer* to execute it, &c.

Application of Penalties*

A.D. 1jf

Witnesses not appearing.

House of Cor-redion.

Perjury.

Conviction.

Form.

52 GEO. III.

or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots licensed by the said < tion, or by any other Person or Persons, in relation to any ! wherein such last mentioned Pilots shall be in any wise con and in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots 1 Cinque Ports, or by Pilots under any other strrifdiction or An act' or by any other Person or Persons in relation to any Matters'Pilots shall be in any wise concerned, then the remainin Thirds of such last mentioned Fines or Penalties shall go to fu as hath been or shall be established by the Persons having the ] tion of the Cinque Port or other Pilots, and shall be applied^ Use of such respectve Funds, after defraying out of such Fu Penalties the respective Expences incurred in carrying* this Execution.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfo^ shall be summoned as a Witness before any Justice or Justice*! Peace, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time by such Sui* appointed, having no just Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, be lawful for such Justice or Justices, on Proof of such Su having been served, and of a Tender of reasonable Expences J been made to such Person on his being served with such Su to issue his or their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them; Appearance, or on being brought before any Justice or Justic Person shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the without having some just Cause for such Refusal, it shall be\ for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and f their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person to the House i redion of the County, City, Division or Place, where an Person shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time ceeding Six Months nor less than Fourteen Days, as any such J or Justices shall dried.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Per in any Examination upon Oath under the Provisions of thavj shall wilfully give false Testimony, or a false Account of the I sworn to by him, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fu indictment, and if duly convicted of false fwtfaring in the Pri shall be subject and liable to such Punishments, Disqualificatxi Disabilities, as any Person would be subject or liable to for i and corrupt Perjury in any other case by the Laws and Stati the Realm.

LXXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Con vie Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all an Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may ca Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Formal Words to the like Effect; videlicet,

!BE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord Jl. B. is con

before me [or, us] One [or, Two, as the c3

?] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

\Jherc Specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and I

commiitedy as the case may be] contrary to an Act passed I 4 Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Thin

52 GEO. III. C. 39.

22$

d insert the Title of this Act"] and I [or, we] dp ad-

that he oath therefore forfeited the Sum of {here insert the Oiven under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and J the Day and Year first above written/

10 Certiorari, or other Writ or Process for the Removal of Certiorari. Conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or

L

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Appeal.

and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justid?

Bees of the Peace before mentioned, of any Offence or Of-against this Act, or against any Rule, Order or Bye-Law' n pursuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next ich Conviction, to appeal to the Justicea of the Peace assembled general Quarter Seinons holden for the County, City or Place the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days Notice Notice. Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against and of the*thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice, g into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for Recognizance, oaoty. City or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to: h Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court; and such Justices shall, upon due Props of such Notice been given and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine Uter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and be said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party, as Costs. m shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said  therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Pros' to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed Want of Form, ited for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or Certiorari. her Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's 1 of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action Limitation of e brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Actions. done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, in every such be Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar is next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and >e laid or brought in the County, City or Place, where the of Action antes, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or dants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, General Ifllie. rnilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at 'rial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pur-t and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Trained for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the adant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plantiffs shall be-nonfmted, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action dions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or tiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mall have Treble Costs, and Treble Costs. have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defend-pth or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

QQLXL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Proviso for City That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be of London.

230

C39* 52 GEO. III.

construed to extend, to prejudice or take away any Ri Authority or Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City in and upon the River Thames aforesaid.

[Public Act.]

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That thi* deemed and taken to be a public Ad, and shall be } Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others,; specially pleaded.

& altered, &c.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That tU altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to b* present Session of Parliament.

SCHfi

filiations

FROM -t 18 Feet.

 t. d. ii6 i 3 - l

The Downs - - t r4 4 i9 7 5,

Standgate Creek - .854

Two Limii

8!

led the Fla

Ships not halProvisions added  !0 ^rmbers resp the Cinque Poi

1EDUL

OATy Sub Co

I A.B. do Impartially

and Vefle

Sand Head, Limits ivi

Harbours; Sj thereof i

Gb^JfS?to l^ard> oth

tion, Fee or \t Behalf.

established by this Act.

19 Feet. 20 Feet. 21 Feet. 22 Feet. 23 Feet. and upwards.

 s. d.  1. d.  x, d.  x. d.  x. d.

19 0 0 22 I O 24 5 0 2692 28 13 3

2142 24 5 I 2692 28 13 3 3 l7 4

23 B 3 2692 28 13 3 -

8 16 497 4 

ts is to be paid.

g Staffs on ]

5

A

*3

2

5

4

3

2

i.: o o

o

o

2 10

To all the several Rates above mentioned shall be ectively Notice shall be given by the Lord Warden of

yer Trip for the whole Distance from Gravesend to London, and in Proposition for any Part of this Distance.

E (D.)

mmissioners for Pilotage.

examine into the Capacity and Skill of Is into the Roadstead, Port or Harbour, and upon thin which the Person examined is intended to act as to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford er than such Fee or Reward as is allowed by the

So help me GOD'.

52 GEO. III.

233

C. 40.

CAP. XL.

An Act to make Provision for a limited Time respecting certain Grants of Offices.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS, on account of certain Proceedings depending in Parliament, it is expedient to establish the Provisions herein after mentioned respecting certain Grants of Offices for a

limited time Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act until the Twenty eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, no Public Office, Place or Employment, shall be granted in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Board or Department of Government; and that during the time aforesaid no Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Common Law or Equity, shall be so granted save as herein after is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act .'hall be to all Intents and Purposes void $ and that alb Salary and Emoluments received under any such Grant or Appointment shall and may be recovered by Information at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer, to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to make void any Grant of any* Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, which shall be made by any Chief Judge, Officers or Officer of any such Court, being such Chief Judge, Officers or Officer at the time of pasting this Actfc 5 or to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in any such Courts which shall hereafter be made by any other Person or Persons having at the time of passing this Act the Riffht of granting any such Office, Place or Employment, if such Office, Place or Employment was vacant at the time of passing this Act, or which shall be made by any other Officer or Officers of the said Courts not being, such at the time of passing this Act, but becoming such by virtue of Appointments hereafter made by the Persons respectively who at the time of passing this Act are the Chief Judges, Officers or Officer of such Courts: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or he construed to extend to foe or render valid and effectual any Grants hereafter to be made by any such Chief Judges, Officers or other Persons as aforesaid, of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivor-flap, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, which Offices had not before been granted in Reversion or for joint Lives with Benefit of Sanriforship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, nor to make

dany Grants which such Judges, Officers or Officer, or other h> respectively would not have been entitled by Law to make if this Act had not passed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to make void any Giants of any Offices, Place* or Employments, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, which shall be granted by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Reterfion, or for joint Lives' with Benefit of Survivorship, or for

Q 5 Twq

Until Feh. a8, 1814, no Public Offict granted in Reversion.

Grants contrary, void.

Proviso for Grants of Offices in Courts of Law*

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Two or more Lives in Succession, upon the Request or Recommend^ ation of the Chief Judges or Officers of His Majesty's said Court* AnH for Ap- being such at the time of passing this Act, and which Offices, Placed

pointment of or Employments have been heretofore so granted upon such Re-

Afiiitantsto qUe{^ or Recommendation: Provided also, that this Act shall not |andSJ  SaK be ta^en to prohibit the Appointment of Assistants and Successors to the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

45 G. 3.C. 47.

31 G. 3. c. 19.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduct of the Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and another Act, of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and extending the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to appoint

Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure) 1 and the Conduct of Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducing and managing the Business of the said Departments; to continue in force for Two Tears, and from thence unfd the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Cession of Parliament; which said Act was continued by subsequent ' Acts until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the Conduct of the Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to extend the same to Public Works executed by the Office oj Works and others; the said recited Act was continued until the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

twelve, and extended to an Enquiry into the Expenditure and Condust of the Business in the Office of Works, and into the Execution

of other Public Works therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts, and all the Powers therein contained, so far only as the same were extended by the said last recited Act, and relate to an Enquiry into the Public Expenditure and Conduct of Business in the Office of Works, and into the lixecution of other Public Works in the said last recited Act particularly mentioned, should be revived and further continued; and that the fame Humid be carried into Execution by other Commissioners named or referred to by the said recited Acts: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted br the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent

52 GEO. III. C. 41, 42. ass

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers and Provisions therein how far con-

contained, so far only as the same were extended by the ibid left reeked tinuadtill March

Ad, and relate to an Enquiry into the Public Expenditure and Con- a5* 1813.

dud of Bofinefe in the Office of Works, and into the Execution of

other Public Works in the said last recited Act mentioned, shall be

and the same are hereby revived and further continued in full force from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and the same shall be put in force and carried into Execution by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, instead of the Commissioners named or referred to in the said recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That Cities Templeman, Henry Commissionew Peterj, Charles Bosanquet, Benjamin C. Stephenson and L. Brad- appointed. Jhavj Esquires, shall be and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Acts, as the same are revived and continued by this Act 5 and shall have, use and exercise all the same Powers, Provisions and Authorities, in con* doffing the Enquiry into the Office of Works and into the Exe* cation of such other Works as aforesaid, as the Commissioners named or referred to in the said recited Acts had used or exercised for the Purpose aforesaid under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them.

ILL. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Pe* Powers of re-nalties and Means of recovering the same, Clauses, Matters and cited Atf -Things contained in the said recited Acts relative to the Enquiry to

into the Offices and Departments therein mentioned, shall relate to the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and shall be and be put io force and be applied by them, as far as the same are applicable, to the conducting the Enquiry authorised to be made into the Office of Works, and into the Execution of such other Works as aforesaid, io the same manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the same related to, andf put in force and applied by the t Commissioners named or referred to in the said recited Acts.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties 38 G.3*9* 1 io the Commissioners of Excise; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, 

and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout; and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon; an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence, given

and granted by an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign 31 G.3 c*45* 'aforesaid, for every Calk or Vessel of Pi chards containing Fifty Galions, and so in Proposition for a less Quantity thereof, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond*the Seas, was repealed; and by the said Act of the Thirty eighth 38 &-3-89*

Year $ 3-

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

39 G.3.&65.

38 0.3. c. 89.

3-

3y G. 3. C. 6.J.

5

43 G. 3. c. 69. $ch C. Bounties.

45 G. 3. c.ioa.

4S 0.3. c. 69.

Year aforesaid, a Bounty of Seven Shillings was given and granted for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallon s. which should be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyooff the Seas; and by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence was given and granted for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Galions, which should be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and for and in respect whereof the Person or Persons exporting the same should be entitled to the Bounty of Seven Shillings, under or by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid: And whereas by the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, a Bounty was allowed on Pilchards shipped and exported directly to any of the British West India lstands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterraneanf in Casks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards, in due Proposition to the several Bounties then payable, and which by that Act might become payable for or in respect of Pilchards exported from Great Britain in Casks containing Fifty Gallons: And whereas by another Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled an Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, the said Bounties were repealed, and the following Bounties were given and granted 5 that is to say, a perpetual Bounty of Seven Shillings for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads containing Fifty Galions, which should be duly exported to Foreign Parts, a temporary Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Galions, which should be duly exported to Foreign Parts, until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and also a perpetual Bounty in due Proposition to the Bounty or Bounties by that Act payable for Pilchards exported to Foreign Parts in Casks containing Fifty Galions, for all Pilchards which Should be duly shipped and exported directly to any of the British West India lstands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean in Casks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards: And whereas by another Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, the said Act of the Thirty first Year aforesaid, with the said additional Bounty therein mentioned, was by Mistake revived from the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and continued for and during the further Term of Seven Years, instead of continuing the said Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence per Cask or Vessel so given and granted by the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid: And whereas by another Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled An Act for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas, the same Bounties are allowed for every Cask of Pilchards or Scads, containing Thirty two Gallons or upwards, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any Foreign Parts as are payable on Pilchards or Scads duly shipped and exported to any of the British West India Islands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Casks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards: And whereas it is expedient to

A.D. 1811.

*37

J* GEO. III. C*4tt 43, 44*

revive the fad Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence so given and granted by the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, and to extend the same in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June Bounty of n.6d. One Toufand eight hundred and twelve, the said Bounty of One per c/flc grimed Shffling and Six pence, given and granted by the said Act of the by 43 ti.3* c. 69. Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, for every Calk or Vessel of revived and FSchards containing Fifty Galions, which shall be duly exported to commued* Foreign Parts, shall be and ^he same is hereby revived, and shall remain and continue m force until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and shall, together with the other Bounties by the said last mentioned Act granted or allowed on Pilchards exported, be extended in due Proposition to and paid and allowed for all Pilchards which shall during that time be lapped and exported in Casks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards to foreign Parts.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[20th April 1812.]

[The Rates are the same as 51 G. 3. c. 28. Continuance of A3 from 24/A March 1812, till 25th March 1813.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Erection of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convicted within the City of London and County of Middlesex; and for making Compensation to Jeremy Bentham Esquire, for the Non-performance of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bentham and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Custody and Maintenance of Convicts.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the 9 G. 3. c. 74. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain

and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, 4 and other Punishment of certain Offenders: And whereas another

Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present 340.3,

Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting a Penitentiary or Penitentiary

4 HouseSf for confining and employing Convids: And whereas Penitentiary Houses have not yet been erested; but certain Lands and Premises have been purchased of the Most Honourable the Marquis of Sali/ivry, at Militant f near Tothill Fields, and a Conveyance thereof made to Jeremy Bentham Esquire, under the Au-1 thority of the said last recited Act; and the same thereby became rested in the said Jeremy Bentham, as Feoffee, for the Purposes of the said Act s And whereas it is expedient that a separate Pe-

atdtiary House should be built, for the Purpose of confining

Offenders

Appointment of Supervisors.

Lands purchased vested in His Majesty.

Supervisors to erect Penitentiary House.

34G3.C. 84.

4 Offender convicted of traofportable Offence* \*ithin tie Citj 9$

4 London and the County Afyddlesex only, or capitally convict^j 4 within the said j City and the said County, and pardoned on Condition of being confined under this Act, upon the said Ground an<

4 PremiXes fi> purchased and vested in the said Jerpny Bentham if aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty^ by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by th^ Authority of the fan^e, That it shall and may be lawful for^ Majesty to appoint Three Persons to carry into Execution the Pur- \ pose of this Act, and to be Supervisors of the House and Buildings j to be crewed in pursuance thereof, and from time to time to remote them or any of them, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or shall die or resign their Trust; and to allow such Supervisors such Compensation for their Expences, occasioned by the Discharge of their Duty, as His Majesty shall deem reasonable, to be paid From time to time by Warrants from the Commissioneri of His Majesty's Treasury or the High Treasurer for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such Supervisors shall be so appointed as aforesaid, all the Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Premises so purchased by the said Jeremy Bentkamt or now vested in him for the Purpose of the said Act of the Thirty fourth Year aforesaid, shall vest absolutely, and without any Coar veyance or Assignment thereof, in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public and the Purposes of this A A, free from all Incumbrances created by the said Jeremy Bent bam or any Person claiming under him.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Supervisors, by the Direction and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to erect or cause to be erested, or contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the erecting such House and other Buildings as shall be expedient and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and to do all such other Matters and Things as may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And whereas a Proposal was made in the Year One thou- fandseven hundred and ninety two, by the aforesaid Jeremj Bentham}

to contract with the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Management of One thousand Male Convicts in a National Pe-f nitentiary House to be erected by the said Jeremy Bentham for that Purpose; and Articles of Agreement, founded on such Proposal,

were prepared and approved of on Behalf of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in whom Powers were vested by the Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty above recited, to conclude such Contrafts and Agreements for the Erection of National Penitentiary Houses under the said Act, as they should deem necessary and expedient; but such Articles of Agreement have never been executed: And whereas the said Jeremy Bentham was appointed Feoffee of the Lands above mentioned under the said Act, with a View to the Erection of a National Penitentiary House under the said Contract, and has been authorised and encouraged to take Measures for carrying such intended Agreement

into

AD ft ft.

*39

52 GEO. III.

into Effect, and received an Advance df Two thousand Pounds in the Year One thousand seven hundred Sind ninety four for that Purpose; and the said Jeremy Bentham dates himself to have expended large Sums 6f Money over and above the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in making Preparations for the Performance of the said Agreement on his Part, with respect to the Plan of the said intended Building, the Employment to be therein given to Coorifts, and the Sydem of Management thereunto to be adapted, and to have transferred, and with Enlargements adapted to the Object df such Preparations, an extensive Sydem of Mechanical Works, of the Invention Of his Brother, Brigadier General Samuel Btnlbam, to whom the same were secured by divers Patents, and whereon a Capital to a condderable Amount, produced by the Sale of divers Estates, had been expended, from which, by reason of such Transference, no Advantage thereafter could nor can now be reaped; and it is also dated by the said Jeremy Bentham, that the said Brigadier General Bentham has relinquished in his Favour such Compensation as the said Samuel Bentham might be entitled to in respect of the Matters aforesaid: And whereas it is not now deemed expedient that such Contract with the said Jeremy Bentham ihonld be carried into Effect, but it is just and reasonable that the said Jeremy Bentham should be paid the Sums so by him expended and should moreover receive a liberal Compensation for all Loss and Damage by him and the said Samuel Bentham sustained by Teafon of the Non fulfilment thereof, deducing from such Claims any Profits which he may have derived from the Lands of which he has been in Possession as Feoffee under the Appointment mentioned above Be it therefore enacted, That Two Persons shall Arbitrators far be choseu Arbitrators for the Purpose of settling all Questions be- settlingQuestions tween the Public and the said Jeremy Bentham, arising out of the said liTnt

Agreement of intended Agreement, one of whom shall be chosen by the said Lords Gommidioners of the Treasury, and the other by the said Jeremy Bentham; and if the Arbitrators so chosen should not be able to agree on their Award upon the Points referred to them, within Six Months after the said Arbitrator on the Part of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall be chosen and notified to the said Jeremy Bentham, that then and in such case the said Arbitrators shall name a Third Person, whose Decilion thereupon shall be final; and that the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are hereby empowered and required to issue out of the Consolidated Fund, by Warrant signed by any Three or more of them, the Net Sum so awarded to the said Jeremy Bentham, within One Month after the said Award shall have been made; and in the mean Time the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, are hereby authorised and directed to issue and pay Net such Annual Sum as.may appear to them to be equal to the Net Annual Profit of the said Lands in the Hands of the said Jeremy Bentham: Provided always, that in case the making of such Award shall be delayed beyond Twelve Months after the passing of this Act, owing to any Neglect or Default on the Part of the said Jeremy Bntbam, no further Payment shall he made to the said Jeremy Bentham until such Award shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the

Two of them, shall contract with proper

240 &44*

52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Penitentiary Penitentiary House, together with the several Buildings and In-

House. dofure8 thereto belonging, and shall superintend the Eregion of such

House and Buildings, and the due Performance of fAch Contrafks as shall be entered into touching the same; and the said Penitentiary House shall be made sufficiently large to contain such Number of Con* vidb as the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department shall approve, not exceeding Three hundred Male Convicts. and the like Number of Female Convicts; and such House, or the Buildings and Inclosure thereunto belonging, shall contain proper Storehouses, WarehouseB, Work* Rooms and Lodging Rooms, an Infirmary, a Chapel and Burying Ground, a Prison divided into airy Apartments, a Kitchen Garden, and also proper Airing Grounds, Yards, Offices, and other necessary Apartments for the several Officers and Servants herein after directed to be appointed: Provided always, that before any such Contracts shall be made or entered into by the said Supervisors, the Plan of such Houses and Buildings, with the Estimates of the Expence of erecting the same, shall belaid before and approved of by the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department. Appointment of

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Penitentiary Committee of House shall be ready, or partly ready for the Reception of Offenders, Management. it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, in his Privy Council, to nominate and appoint any (it and discreet Persons, not being less than Ten nor more than Twenty in Number, as and for a Committee to superintend the said House for the Term of One Year then next ensuing, or until a fresh Nomination or Appointment shall take place; and from time to time to remove all or any of the Persons composing the said Committee, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of such as shall die or resign.

Committee to

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful make Bye-Laws, for such Committee, or any Three of them, to hold Meetings, and Rules, &c. to make Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the a (Tern-bling of the said Committee, and for all Matters relating to the Meetings of the same, as well as for the Government of the said Penitentiary' House, and for receiving, separating, clafiing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching all Offenders during their respective Confinement therein, as to the said Committee shall seem just and proper P Provided however, that such Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders shall not begin to have Force until they have been submitted to the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, and such Justices shall have subscribed a Declaration that they do not fee any thing contrary to Law in the said Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders so to be made as aforesaid; and all such Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders so to be made, shall be afterwards added to or altered from time to time as often as the said Committee shall think necessary, and such Additions and Alterations shall also in like manner be submitted to the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, and confirmed in manner aforesaid.

Appointment

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful of Visitor. for such Committee, or any Three of them, at any of their said Meetings, to appoint any One or more of their said Members to visit the said House during the Intervals between the Meetings of the said Committee, and to delegate, if they shall think fit, Power to such Visitors or any of them to make any Order or give any Directions in cafe3 of pressing Emergency within the said House, which might be

A.D. 1812.

*4*

52 GEO. W. C. 44.

made or given by the said Committee if they were fitting provided that every such Order or Direction, together with the Circumstances by which the same was occasioned, shall be reported to the said Committee at their next Meeting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for the Regulation and Appointment of Management of such Penitentiary House, and previously to the open- ^cer*>

ing thereof for the Reception of Offenders, there shall be elected and appointed by the said Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Surgeon or Apothecary, a Storekeeper, and also for that Portion of the Honfo set apart for Female Convicts, a Matron, together with such Taskmasters and other Officers, Assistants and Servants, as the said Committee, with the Approbation of the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, shall judge necessary 5 and such Tiflunaflers, Officers, Servants and Assistants shall from time to time be removeable by any Order of the said Committee; and when any Vacancy shall happen, new Taskmasters, Officers, Servants or Al-fistants shall be elected by the same Authority; and such Salaries, and other Allowances shall be made to the said Taskmasters, Officers,

Servant* and Assistants as the said Committee shall think proper, fobbed nerertheless to such Approbation as aforesaid; and also such of them from whom the said Committee may deem it proper to require Security for the due and faithful Execution of their Offices, shall give such Security accordingly as the said Committee from time to time shall direct.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Committee may be lawful for the said Committee from time to time, with such Ap- oScer probation as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, discontinue or vary the cers*

Number of Officers to be appointed for the said House in pursuance of the Directions aforesaid, except by taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecary, to the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Pe- Governor to be nrtenUary House shall be a Body Corporate, and shall sue and be sued a ^or'

by the Name of* The Governor of the Penitentiary House for Lon- lx>rate* dob and Middle sex."

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor shall also Governor em-

bave Paprer^o make Contracts with any Persons whomsoever, for the Cloth"

Clothing, Diet and all other Necessaries for the Maintenance and Sup- ingj 9; &c<'port of the Offenders confined in such House, for Implements or necessary for Materials of any Kind of Manufacture, Trade or Mystery in which Offender*. Offenders confined in such House shall be employed, such Contracts

being previously approved by the Committee; and also to carry on such Manufacture and Mystery in such House, and to fell such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall be there wrought and manu-fedured; and the Governor of every such Penitentiary House shall cause all Accounts touching the Maintenance of such House and the Accounts Offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a Book or Books to be entered, kept for that Purpose; and also the Governor and Storekeeper shall Duty of Store-each keep separate Accounts of all such Stock and Materials as shall keeper and be brought into such House.for employing such Offenders, and such '^iknufter. Stock 3nd Materials shall from time to time be delivered out by the bid Storekeeper as Occasion shall require to the several Taskmasters, vto shall respectively give Receipts to such Storekeeper for the and shall distribute the same amongst the several Offenders to

242 C. 44. 52 GEO. III.

Book* to be examined.

Committee may examine upon Oath, and may difmiis Offender for Fraud orollufiea.

be employed in working thereon 5 and such Taflonafters or 1 &ffiftant8 shall constantly superintend the Work of the said Offesi and take an Account of every Neglect of Work or other Mifi viour, and likewise of any extraordinary Diligence or good Behan in any of such Offenders, and from time to time shall report the to the Governor, who shall cause the same to be entered in a Si to be kept for that Purpose; and such Taskmaster shall also keep counts of the Quantities daily worked by the several Offeoden, ! shall return the Materials, when wrought and manufactured, tol Storekeeper, who shall give Receipts to the Taskmaster fori same, and shall from time to time, with the Privity and Appro! of the Governor, sell and dispose thereof, and pay the Money# from such Sales to the Governor, who shall be accountable i same to the Committee, in manner herein after mentioned; j said Governor and Storekeeper shall keep separate Accounts tfl Materials so wrought, manufactured, fold and disposed of, sad j several Sums of Money for which the same shall be so fold, and fold, and to whom, in Books to be provided for those Purpose t.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Boobl be kept by the said Governor and Storekeeper, and the sevenl tries therein, shall be examined by the said Committee, and (ha by them compared with the several Receipts and other Yond and shall be verified by such Governor and Storekeeper upon C if required, before such Committee, and shall, if approved of by Committee, be allowed and signed by any Three of them; in such Committee shall disapprove of any Articles in such Acc they shall disallow the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committed suspect any fraudulent or improper Charges in any of such Acc* of the said Governor or Storekeeper, or any Omission them they may examine upon Oath the said Governor, Storekeeper any of the Officers or Servants belonging to such House, or a# the Persons employed about the same, or any P'ersons of*ho Necessaries, Stock, Materials or other Things have been purch for the Use of such House, or any Persons to whom any Stoe Materials wrought or manufactured therein, have been fold, or of the Offenders confined in such Penitentiary House, or any Persons, touching any of the Articles contained in such Account any Omission thereout, or any thing relative thereto; and in there shall appear in any such Accounts any false Entry, knowi or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omission thereout, or any c Fraud whatsoever, or any Collusion between any Officer or Ofi or Servants belonging to such House, or between any such 0 or Officers, Servant or Servants, and any other Person or Pei in any Matter relative thereto, then, besides the private Satisfi in Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be entitk recover by Law, the said Committee may diiraifs any such Oififl Officers who shall to them appear to have been guilty of any false Entry, Omission, Fraud or Collusion, and appoint anoibe others in his, her or their Stead; and if the said Committee shall fit, they shall cauie an Indictment or Indictments to be prrfc again (I the Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants so offending the next Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be bo for the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, City, Corporate

11 1

A.D. 1812.

*43

52 GEO. III. C 44.

ce wherein such Penitentiary House shall be situatfed, Ar for any cr adjoining County; and in case such Person or Persons so in-ted shall be found guilty of such Offence or Offences, he, she or: y shall be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, the Discretion of the Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when the Penitentiary House rrembefone directed to be built, or a Sufficient Part thereof, shall be ted and completed for the Reception of Offenders, and proper Offi-n shall be appointed for the Care and Management thereof, the Said ammittee shall certify, under their Hands and Seals, to His Ma ly, through the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home ^nrtxnent, that such Houses are. So fitted and completed, and that h Officers have been appointed; and after the making of Such rtificate it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, with the ivice of His Privy Council, to order that any Person who shall be His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, sentenced to Transportation for p Offence committed within the City of London or the County of wUlesex, or capitally convicted for any Crime committed within City or County, and pardoned by His Majesty upon the odition of being confined under this Act., to be removed to and wiibiied within the said Penitentiary House for and during any nanot exceeding Five Years, in case such Offender shall have been enced to be transported for Seven Years only; for any Term not reding Seven Years, in case he or she shall have been so sentenced Fourteen Years; and for a Term not exceeding Ten Years, in such Offender shall have received Sentence of Transportation Life, or shall have been capitally convicted.

IVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fees on the delivering of Custody of any such Offender so ordered to be removed, as 1 usually been paid and would have been due to the Keeper of the Gaol of Newgate in case such Offender had been removed in t to have been transported, and all reasonable Expences which said Keeper shall incur in every such Removal, shall be paid by said City of London or County of Middlesex, for which the Court hich the Offender was convicted shall have been held; and the per shall receive the Money due for such Fees and Expences from JTreasurer of the said City or County, such Fees and Expences I first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at their rter or other General Sessions of the Peace, who are hereby re-tl to make such Order at shall be ^uft in that Behalf.

VII. And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of any such sder as aforesaid into the Custody to which he or she shall be so ted as aforesaid, such Governor or other Person having the of Offenders under his Direction shall, during the Term for h bach Offender shall be ordered to remain in his Custody, have ime Powers over such Offender as are incident to the Office of a iff or Gaoler; and in case of any Abuse of such Custody, or r Misbehaviour or Negligence in the Discharge of his Office, be liable to the same Punishment as a Gaoler is now liable to by

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender who be ordered to be confined in such Penitentiary House shall be thither in pursuance of the Powers contained in this Act, he befcallbe separately lodged and washed, clean fed and purified, .5* Geo. III. R and

Committee to certify to Secretary of State when Inch House shall he til for Recept ion of Offenders.

Gaoler's Fees and Expences of Removal how paid.

Power of Governor.

Offenders, when

brought, to be lepar. tely lodged and wallied, and cx

244

C. 44.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

amine d by Surgeon.

When H'f* charged lurmlh-ed with decent Clothing.

Allowances.

Keeping Offend-eri to Ljhour.

Offenders how xlged.

Hours of Work,

Rewards.

and shall then be examined by the Surgeon or Apothecary, and U continue in such separate Lodging until it be certified by such M geon or Apothecary that he or she is fit to be received amoogtM other Convicts; and the Clothes in which he or she shall tbn m clothed shall be burnt if necessary, or otherwise shall be sold and ft] posed of at the Diferction of the Governor, and the Produce theurf] shall be accounted for to the Committee aforesaid: and such OB' der shall not be difrnilled at the End or other Determination of It Term, unless at his own Request, if he shall then labour under* acute or dangerous Distemper, nor until he can be safety discharget| and when such Offender shall be finally discharged, such other Clothing as shall be judged necessary and proper by the Com* aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Offender, and also such $oa# Money for his or her immediate Subsistence, as the said Comoittf shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not exceed Three Pouofty and if such Offender at the End or other Determination of hisorhi Term, shall procure any reputable Mailer of a Ship, or TradesaR or other substantial Housekeeper, to take him or her into Service, ! provide him or her with proper Employment, for One Year thcoa^ ensuing, the same to be approved by the Committee aforesaid, be* she, having fervid accordingly, shall be entitled at the End of# Year to such other Sum of Money, not exceeding the HkeStfiJ Three Pounds, as the said Committee shall think fit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Gor the said Penitentiary House shall during the Term for which! Offender shall remain in such Custody, keep him or hertoLabc of such Kind as the Committee before mentioned shall diiedf appoint; and if the Work to be performed by any such (

shall be of such a Nature as may require pretioua Inflnidion, pit# Persons shall be provided to give the same by Order of the fed CoS mittee, to whom a suitable Allowance shall be made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders u (hill sent to the said Penitentiary House shall, during the Hours of U hour, be separated from each other, or shall work together in M panics composed of more or fewer Persons in Number, m fuchmi( as the Bye-Laws established as aforesaid by the Committee shall jt feribe; and that all Offenders not confined in the Infirmity M during their Hours of Rest, be kept entirely separate and apart fil each other, and be lodged in separate Rooms or Cfetls.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders (ha8 employed in Work at the said Penitentiary House every Day ill Year, except Sundays, Chnflmat Day and Go*/ Friday, and I except such Days when ill Health will not allovr of their worki and the Hours of Work in each Day shall be as many as the Sd of the Year, with an Interval of Half an Hour far Broakftfi mil Hour for Dinner will permit, but not exceeding Eight Hours Months of November, December and January; Nine Hoorah ft Months of February and October, and Ten Houis in the rest rfft Year: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawfol for the M Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Prisoner to laM voluntarily for a longer time than is herein me itioned, upon Conditions as shall in the said Order be expressed.

XXII. And be it further enacted That it flu 11 be lawful fcr

said Committee to allow to any of the Offenders confined in theft

*. P

A.D. 1812.

*45

52 GEO. III. C. 44.

Penitentiary House, as a Reward and Encouragement, any Part or

Portion of the Profits anting from their Labour not exceeding such Proposition thereof as shall be approved of and allowed by the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department 5 to be expended u such manner, and subject to such Regulations as the said Committee Hull direct and appoint.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Dividing OflW-several Offenders to be sent to the said Penitentiary House shall be flri mt0 CUflei. divided into Two Gasses, which shall be called the First and Second Chiles; for which Purpose the Time for which such Offenders shall be femally ordered to be confined shall be divided into Two equal Puts, and during the First Part of the Time of the Imprisonment, he or fire Hull be ranked in the First Oafs; and during the Second Part of such time, he or (lie shall be ranked in the Second Class; and the Confinement of such Offenders as shall from time to time be ranked in the Firff Class shall be more ftri&, and the Confine-mrst of the Offenders in the Second Class shall be more moderate; which several Degrees of Confinement so to be affixed to each Class fell be settled by the said Committee, by Orders of Regulation to be approved of in manner aforesaid, but not so as to defeat or elude the special Rules or srovisions made and appointed by this Act:

Provided always, that if the said Committee shall at any time observe Proviso r be satisfactorily informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the said Offenders who are ranked in the said First Class, it shall be hwful for the said Committee to order such Offender to be transferred to the Second Class, although such Offender may not have completed the Period of his or her Imprisonment in the said

First Clafe.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee Committee to shall at any time observe or be satisfactorily informed of any extraor- re^rjOffendrs dinary Diligence or Merit in any of the Offenders under their Inspec- ftftextraordi-U tion, who mall be ranked in the said Second Class of Offenders, the nary Diligence. Committee shall report the same in Writing to the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, in order that he may recommend such Offender to His Majesty as an Object of the Royd Mercy, in inch Degree and on such Conditions as to him shall seem meet.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall Offender* he ordered to such Penitentiary House shall, during the time of his

or her Confinement therein, be fed and sustained with a sufficient

Quantity of coarse but wholesome Food; and also be clothed with

a cearfe and uniform Apparel, with any distinguishing Marks which

nay be deemed useful to facilitate Discovery in cale of Efeape6;

the Whole to he ordered in such manner as the Committee aforesaid

Hull from time to time appoint for those Purposes: And no such Supplying Of-

O&oder shall, during the time of his or her Confinement, be per- federJl3I?

nitted to have any other Food, Drink or Clothing, than such as shall clothing. W

be so appointed; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully supply

acy such Offender, at any time during the Term of his or her Con-

feemest, with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other than such as shall be so appointed, or with any Money, he or file so supplying such

Ofoder, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person, except the None but Off-

Qfcn, AfJtats or Servants of the House, or such Person or Per- cers to enter R 2 fens Apartments.

A.D. 1811.

246

C. 44.

52 GEO. III.

Governor may employ Offenders s Servants.

Officers or Servants supplying Offender with Money, &c. contrary to Act.

ions as shall be authorised according to the Regulation* established by the said Committee, shall be permitted any time to enter any of the Apartments or Court Yards allotted to the Prisoners, or to hold Conversation or Communication with any such Offenders.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of the said House to employ, with the Consent of the said Committee, any of the Offenders aforesaid, who shall be ranked in the Second Ckfs as Servants, Overseers or Assistants, in the Management of the Works and the Care of their Fellow Prisoners, instead of being confined to such their Daily Labour as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Semot of such Penitentiary House shall supply any of the Offenders therein with any Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or with any Spin-tuons Or other liquors whatsoever, except such Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or such Water and Milk, as the Governor of the House shall from time to time permit or direct, and except such Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such House shall think proper to order for any such Offenders in case of Illness; and in case any such Officer or Servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such Offender, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any such Offender, any Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Officer or Servant shall immediately be suspended by the said Governor, who shall report the same to the Committee at their next Meeting; and such Committee shall esquire thereof upon Oath, and shall puniffi such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, and by Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Six Months, or by any one or more of such Punishments as the said Committee shall in their Discretion think proper.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chaplain shall read Morning and Evening Prayers in the Chapel of such Penitentiary

venmg Prayers, House, and preach a Sermon both Morning and Evening, on every ^rmonson ^un^ay in the Year and also on every Christmas Day and Good Fri-

erm day; and all the Offenders confioed in such House, who shall not

be disabled by Illness, shall attend the said Prayers and Sermons, which shall also be attended by the Resident Officers and by the Servants of such House, or such of them as can be spared from their several Employments, and shall not be prevented by Illness;

and the said Chaplain shall visit such Offenders, under such Regulations as may hereafter be prescribed by the said Committee, for their moral and religious Education, as well as for their Instructioa in Reading and Writing,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Offenders ordered to be confined in such Penitentiary House shall be permitted to walk and air themselves in the Airing Yards or Grounds belonging thereto, for such stated time as their Health may require, and the Governor, under the Direction of the Committee, shall permit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Offender shall appear to be lick, he or she shall be visited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such House, and if the Sickness be found to be real, the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall report the same to the Governor, who shall, if the Sickness be of such a Nature as to require it, order such Offender, to be sent to the Infirmary belonging

Penalty, &c.

Chaplain to read Morning and

Sundays, See.

Offenders to walk and air themselves.

Offenders when Cck, visited by Surgeon; and if necessary sent to Infirmary.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 47

to such House, and to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose as sick; and when such Offender shall have so far recovered his or her Health, as that the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall judge him or her in a proper Condition to quit the Infirmary, and to return to his or her Employment, and the said Apothecary shall so report, the said Governor shall order such Offender to be brought back to his or her Lodging Room, and to be again employed in Labourfo far as shall be confident with the Health of such Offender.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, at Committee 'every Meeting, at which Three of them at the lead shall be present, examine State of Hall inquireicto the State of such Hpuse, and shall once at lead in House, and i-every Month, fee every Offender confined there and not disabled by Accoums-Sickness; and shall inspect the Accounts of the Governor and Storekeepers, and also examine the Conduct and Management of such

House, and the Behaviour of the Officers thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Governor em-Penitentiary House shall have Power to hear all Complaints touching powered to hear any of the following Offences; that is to say, Disobedience of any of Complaints, the Orders of the House; Assaults by one Person confined in such

House upon another, when no dangerous Wound or Bruise is given j

profane Curling and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Absence from

Chapel, or irreverent Behaviour there; and Idleness or Negligence

in Work, or wilful Mismanagement of it; all which are declared to

+be Offences by this Act; and the said Governor may examine any Persons touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such Offences by ordering the Offenders to close Confinement in a dark Cell, or by keeping them upon Bread and Water only, for any Term not exceeding Three Days.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender who Enormous Of-

shall be confined in any such Penitentiary House, shall, during the fenders confined Tenn for which he shall be so confined, be guilty of any Onencp by Gov nor, which the Governor of such House is not hereby authorised to*

punish, or for which the Punishment which such Governor is U0IIlm, ee* hereby authorised to infli& shall by such Governor be deemed not

sufficient, by reason of the Enormity of the Offenpe or the Repetition

thereof, such Governor may and he is hereby required to confine such Offender, either in his or her own Lodging Room, or in a darfc:

Cell belonging to such House, till the next Meeting of the said Committee, and shallhen report such Offence, with the time anjl particular Circumstances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee; and such Committee shall <have Power to enquire of, upon Oath, and determine concerning all such Offences so reported to them as aforesaid, and shall order such Offenders to be punishe^ by close Confinement in a dark Cell, with Bread and Watey only for Sustenance, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by

removing such Offenders, if ranked in the Second Class into the First Class, or by any or all of such Punishments; and in case of Removal into the First Class, the Offender shall from the time of making such Order of Removal, go through such First Class, unless he or ine be Hbred to the Second Class by Order of the Committee, or unless the'" '*

Term of his or her Confinement shall be previously completed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever by this Act Committee ihoy tk said Committee or any Three of them, -are empowered or directed administer

'R3 to ath*

A.D. 1812.

248

[Penalty.]

Governor to keep regular Books, and Returns to be made therefrom.

Reports laid before the King in Council, and Parliament.

Bye-Laws, &c. reported to the King in Council, and to Parliament.

Expences of executing Act laid before House of Commons.

Persons breaking Prison or escap-io*

C. 44; 52 GEO. III.

to make any Enquiry, or receive any Proof upon Oath, any One of the said Committee is hereby authorised to tender and administer such Oath 5 and any Three of the said Committee may summon or cause to be summoned such Witnesses as they shall think meet to appear and give Evidence before them 5 and if any Person, being duly nun moned, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or being present and competent to be a Witness, shall refuse to be sworn, or, being sworn, mall refuse to give Evidence, such Person shall forfeit any Sum not less than Twenty Shillings nor more than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Committee.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of the said Penitentiary House shall keep a regular Book or Books, in which shall be entered the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall be in their Custody, the Offences of which they shall have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was convicted, the Sentence of the Court, the Age, bodily Estate and Behaviour of every such Convict while in Custody; and also the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who mall have died under such Custody, or shall have escaped from such Place of Confinement, or shall have been discharged from thence by Order from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or otherwise; from which Books Returns shall be made of the Particulars mentioned above, on the First Day of every Term, to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and shall be verified on the Oath of the Person making the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall, at the Beginning of every Session, make a faithful Report to thte King in Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, specifying the State of the Buildings, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, the

Amount of the several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement; and also in Matters of extreme or j>rei-finer Necessity, shall and may make a special Report thereof to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who shall immediately take Order therein, and regulate or redress the same.

XXXVIII. And bfe it further enacted, That the said Committee shall report to His Majesty in Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, all Bye-Laws, Rules or Regulations made under the Authority of this Act, and all Alterations therein or Additions thereto, within Thirty one Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, after such Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, or Alterations or Additions, shall have been confirmed by the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, as hereinbefore is directed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, not hereinbefore spe-fcially provided for, shall be annually laid before the House of Commons, and after deducting the reout the Net Profits, if any, arising from the Earnings of the Offenders who shall be confined irt the said House, the Remainder of such Expences shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who (haD be ordered to be confined in the said Penitentiary House, shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement, break Prison, or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his of her Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having

the

A.D. 1812.

fi GEO. III.

a 44.

U9

the lawful Custody of such Offender, he or she so breaking Prison or escaping, fitaii be punished by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which be or (he at the time of his or her Breach of Prison or Escape was fobbed to be confined; and if such Person so punished PunifluMenr. by such Addition to the Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be couvi&rd of a Second Escape or Breach of Prison, he or she shall be adjudged gnflty of Felooy, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refcoe Persons refaiin^ aay Ofoder who shall be ordered to be confined within the said or attempting 10 ftsstentary House, either during the time of his or her Conveyance Offenders* totbefud Penitentiary House, or whidft such Offender shall be in the Gsstody of the Person or Persons under whose Care and Charge he tribe shall be (o confined; or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in any such Rrfcue, every such Person so refeuing, aiding or affixing, shall be guilty of Felony, and may be ordered to be confined to the said Hcmfe for any Term not iefs than One Year, nor exceed-Five Years; and if any Person, having the Custody of any such Oifcaderas aforesaid, or being employed by the Person having such Custody, as a Keeper, Underkeeper, Turnkey, Assistant or Guard,

M voluntarily permit such Offender to escape, or if any Person. vindoever shall, by supplying Arms, Took, or Instruments of Dif-gwfe, or otherwise be in any manner aiding and a Hitting to any such Offender m any Escape, or in any Attempt to make an Escape, though no Escape be actually made, or shall attempt to refeue any Itch Offender, or be aiding and assisting in any such Attempt, though bo Refeue be actually made, every such Person so per-Mtting, attempting* aiding or assisting, shall be guilty of Felony; aid if any Ferion having such Custody, or being so employed by the Person ktrieg such Custody as aforesaid, shall negligently permit any such Offender to escape, such Person so permitting shall be Punishment. piky of a Misdemeanor, and being lawfully convicted of the same, mall he liable to Fine or Imprisonment, or to both, at the Discrelkm of the Court.

XJLII. And9 to the Intent that the Prosecutions for Escape6, Mode of Trial Breaches of Prison and Rescues, may be carried on with as little Conviction. Trouble and Expence as is possible, be it further enacted, That any Ofooder escaping, breaking Prison, or being refeued in manner afore-may and shall be tried Wore the Justices of Oyer and lerminer or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Sessions cither for the County' where lie or (be shall Be apprehended mid retaken, or for the County in which the fad Offence shall have been committed; and in case of any Pro-fetation for any such Escape, Attempt to Escape, Breach of Prison sr Refeue, either against the Offender escaping or attempting to escape, or having broke Prison, or being refeued, or against any other ftrioa or Persons concerned therein, or aiding, abetting or assisting the same, a Copy, properly attested of the Order of Commitment to such Penitentiary House, (nail, after Proof made that the Person then in question before the Court is the same that waB delivered with such Order, be sufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury that the Person then in question was so ordered to such Confinement.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalties RecoveryV crested by this Act, for the Recovery of which no Mode is herein- Penalties, before prescribed, shall be recoverable before Two or more Justices of the Peace io the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough,

R 4 Town

2$0 C. 44.. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

[General Issue.]

Town or Place in which the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confession of the Offender; and One Moietjl thereof shall be paid to the Use of the Penitentiary House, and tal other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same}! and in case of Nonpayment, shall be levied by Distress and Sale dfl the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hindi and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducing the Penalty and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prifua of such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town or Place* for such Term not exceeding Six Months, nor less than One Month, as such Justices shall think most proper.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial, to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions after Issue joined, or if, on Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Coda. Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants have by Law in other cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for any Plaintiff in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

Limitation of Actions.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions, to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fad committed, and uot otherwise.

Offenders may be removed.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until Provision shall be made for the Confinement in Penitentiary Houses, of Offenders convicted in other Parts of England and Wales than the City of London and County of Middlesex, and sentenced to Transportation, or pardoned upon Condition of being confined in a Penitentiary House, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order any such Offender to be removed from any Gaol or Prison in which he or she shall be confined, and to be imprisoned under the Provisions of this Act, within the Penitentiary House now to be erected; and any Fees which would have been due to the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol or Prison, if such Offender had been removed in order to be transported, and all reasonable Expences which shall be incurred in every such Removal, shall be paid by the City or County for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted shall have been held, in the manner in which such Fees and Expences are hereinbefore directed to be paid, in the case of the Removal of Offenders from His Majesty's Gaol of ftwugate.

A.D. 1812.

5a GEO. III. C. 44, 45. -251

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Court* may fen-Court or Courts shall think fit to sentence any Person or Persons tence Offenders ronvicted before such Court or Courts of Felony without Benefit 10 hard Labour* of Clergy, to imprisonment as or for the Punishment, or Part of the Pamfhtneflt for such Offence, such Court or Courts may, if they shall think fit so to do, moreover direct that the Person or Persons (o convicted Aall during such Imprisonment be kept to hard Labour.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be A&mayKs altered or amended by any Act or Acts to be passed in the prefect altereJ &c* Sdfioti of Parliament,

CAP. XLV.

An Act to suspend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation, from Ireland to Parts beyorid the Seas of Spirits made in Ireland from Corn or Grain should be prohibited for a time to be limited Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighth Day of Spirits made April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and until and upon horn Corn - the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Prted* twelve, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, or to eater, or ship for Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland to anj Parts beyond the Seas, any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, and in case any such Spirits shall be exported or entered, or shipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland to or for any Parts beyond the Seas, such.\

Spirits so unlawfully exported or entered, or shipped for Exportation, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, and also the Ships, Boats or Vessels on board which the lame shall be laden or exported shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Offi- Penalty, ctrs of Customs or Excise; any Act or Acts, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Lord Lieutenant Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland may Penn>t at ay time after the First Day of 08ober One thousand eight hun- sirit^after dredand twelve, shall in his or their Discretion judge it to be for the Oft.ijiSiao Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called or continue*7/vW, to permit the Exportation of such Spirits to Parts beyond Prohibition for the Seas, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for limited Time, the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of /rr-W(or the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice

d the said Privy Council, or by Order in Council to be published ktl* Dublin Gazette, to permit and iufftr all aitd every Person and Pafoas (hut not any particular Person or Persons) at any time or than not Irfs than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation F Order in Council, to export any Xuch Spirit? to Parts beyond the

25*

A.D. 1l

Spirits shipped before Apt il 12, 181, mot (of fck4

Contracts for Spirits for Exportation void#

Central HUfe.

i)ooUe Coftfi

Penalties how levied.

C*45*

52 GEO. III.

Seas; or in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Gov^w Governors of Ireland at any time after the said First Day of fl One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in his or their Di tion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part o United Kingdom called Ireland, further to continue the Prott of the Exportation of such Spirits from the said Thirty fed of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve until ! Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, then and in (belt it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant ori Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, m and they is and are hereby authorised, with the Advice of Ha: jesty's Privy Council of Ireland, by any Proclamation or F lions to be issued by and with the Advice of the said Privy or by Order in Council to be published in the Dublin Gi continue throughout Ireland from the said Thirty first Dty cember One thousand eight hundred and twelve until Forty Dajll the next Meeting of Parliament the Prohibition hereinbefore tioned; that is to say, that it shall not be lawful for any Perfc Persons to export, or to enter, or ship for Exportation fro i Port or Place ra Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas, any*1 made or diddled in Ireland from Corn or Grain naked or non

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in thai contained shall extend ar be deemed or construed to extend to*any such Spirits exported from Ireland to any Ruts Seas, if k shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the C bf Customs and Port Duties in Ireland (such Proof befog the Judgment of them the said Commimoners), that such Were actually shipped lor such Exportation on or before the T> Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and any Knowledge of the Provisions of this Act, by the Person fonsby whom such Spirits were so shipped.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That so i Person flrell tft any time before the passing of this Act have k con traded to fell any such Spirits to be exported to Parti k the Seas, such Person so having fold or coirtraded to feQ Cacti I hall not be compelled or compellable to perform or fulfil any Sale or Contract, nor shall such Person be Mile to may Danaj Breach of such Contracts, or for neglecting or refusing to deliver such Spirks; and m case any Adkm shall be brought any Person or Persons for any Breach of such Centred, or gleding or refusing to fell or deliver such Spirits, the DefesA Defendants may friead the General IfToe, and at any Trial! had thereupon may give in Evidence this Act and the speriil ter, tod that such Sale and Delivery were prevented and pro! by the Authority of this Act } and if the same shall appear ai ingly, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendant! in such case, Or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become noil or suffer a Discontinuance of the Action, the Defendant or 0 dants shall have Double Costs, and shall have f jeh Remedy U Covering the same as any Defendant or Defendants have or kd Costs o? Suits in any other cases by Law.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and FoAl instided by this Act shall and may be sued for and recovered, fe and applied, in such Moaner and Form, and by Inch ways and m

4

253

52 GEO. III. C. 4$, 46.

Tth fucft Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed ^pointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland> in the reenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty; Char let die Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise M & 1S Car.

Impojlj*n His Majesty, his Heirs and Sncctjfors, according 00 Sd 4. c. 8. r Boot of Rates therein tnferted\ or by any other Law or Laws tee to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ml> as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if same were particularly mentioned and expressed and rfc-enacted Bs Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party Appeal, ftfties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or id, as in and by the said recited Act or any Law or Laws kg to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in W it provided.

And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Ad altered, hied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present bo of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

Ad to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits ftiade r distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on fce Exportation thereof; and to repeal certain Bounties ken to Persons licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, ber and Ale by Retail in Ireland. $th May 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Om&-EY mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, f Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, me freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your fcjesty the Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly jbeh Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by tKsg's Most Excellent Majesty, by and wfth the Advice and Heat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, within and through that Part of the said United Kingdom Additional Duty Ireland* there shall be granted, raised, levied, collided, paid 011 tusted, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Sufc-the (evend Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say: and upon every Gallon of Aaua Vita, Strong Waters Or which, at any time from and after the Eighth Day of Abril raCand eight hundred and twelve, shall be made or distilled in fro* Corn or Grain malted or tintaalted, or for Which any ftuH be chargeable by Law, an additional Dtfty of Two nod 6ix pence Brit'tjh Currency, over and above all other payable thereon, under and by Virtue of any Act or Acts of tat ia force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Day of April* and after the same Rate for any greater or less y; and which foid additional Duty shall be paid by the first or DistiMer of such Spirits.

And be it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, Additional Duty levied, cbllrded, paid and satisfied, to and for the Use of His hi* Heirs and SueedfbrB) the several Duties herein after Motio&ed; that is to say:

Goc Ie

for Stock ia Hand.

*54

Exception.

Additional Duty for wirehoused Spirits taken for Home Consumption.

39*40 G.3.

c. 67.

4oG.3.(T.)c. 38.

Countervailing

Duty.

JC. 46. 52 GEO. III. AD.

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Viter, Sti ing Waters or <made or diddled in Ireland, from Corn or Graii malted or un* which shall have been in the Stock, Custody or Possessioo 1 Distiller in Ireland, or of any Person for the U e of such Dicti the said Eighth Day of April, the additional I uty or Sum d Shillings and Six pence Britiftj Currency, ove and above all Duties which shall have been charged or paie on such Ap* Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the same E ate for any grtl less Quantity:

And also for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Site, j Waters or Spirits made in Great Britain or freland from ( Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have be n in the Stod tody or Possession of any Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or 1 of Spirits in Ireland, or of any Redlifier, or any Compoffll Spirits, on the said Eighth Day of April, an additional D Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence Brittfi Currency, 01 above all other Duties which shall have beer paid on such Viter, Strong Waters or Spirits, and after tY e same Rate greater or lets Quantity;

Provided always, That no such Charge of Two Shillings pence per Galion, upon any Spirits in the Stoc k, Custody or lion of any Person shall take place upon or affect any Perf< shall not in the Whole have had the Quantity of Thirty Gi Stock, Custody or Possession, on the said Eighth Day 0? Ah that no such Charge shall take place on any Spirits in the & any Compounder of Spirits, which shall have been aduaD] pounded before the said Eighth Day of April.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be g raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfkd, to and for the Use Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon 0 Viter, Strong Waters or Spirits, made or di(tilled from Corn or malted or unmalted in Ireland, and which having been warek any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland porfi Law, shall at any time on or after the said Eighth Day of be taken out for Home Consumption in Ireland, the Sum a Shillings and Six pence British Currency, and after the same any greater or less Quantity over and above all Duties of Ei.such Spirits payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the said Day of April.

IV. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Prod

the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ thi'9 spedl of the additional Duties by this Act imposed on

9 made in Ireland, additional Countervailing Duties should be*

upon the like Spirits made in Great Britain, and respedh

ported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail I9Duties of Spirits made in Ireland under this Acti Be it d enacted, That there shall be granted, raised, levied, collect* and satisfied, to and for the Urn of His Majesty, his Heirs a ceflors, on all such Spirits the Countervailing Duties followia and above all Countervailing Duties whatever payable up* Spirits under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in fil Ireland at the time of such Importation; that is to say

i i.

52 GEO. III. C. 4.

*55

d upon every Gallon of Spirits made or di(tilled in Great rom Corn or Grain, malted or unmaked, and which shall ted from thence into Ireland at any time after the said Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, and after: Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

Lnd be it further enacted, That for and upon every Gallon of ande or diitilled in Ireland from Corn, malted or unmalted, ' which the Duties by Law payable thereon shall have been id and satisfied, and which shall be exported from Ireland to ritem, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback, equal lot to the Countervailing Duties imposed by this Act upon lade or distilled in Great Britain from Corn or Grain, malted lied, and imported from thence into Ireland.

\nd be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ex-aay other Place than Great Britain Spirits distilled in Ireland ora or Grain, malted or unmalted, on which the additional* imposed by this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of such Spirits back equal to the Duty by this Act imposed on such Spirits distilled in Ireland, provided that all such Spirits shall be of; th not less than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and lid Drawback shall be over and above all Drawbacks payable by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or ira-y before the said Eighth Day of April, in respect of such .'xported from Ireland to foreign Parts.

And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and the lame being deduded) shall be carried to and made Part ^onfohdated Fund of Ireland\

And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Two and Six pence per Gallon on Spirits made or distilled in from Com, malted or unmaited, imposed by this Act, shall ged on every Distiller in respect of the Quantity of Spirits hail be made or distilled by such Distiller, or for which any r shall be chargeable by Law to be computed, ascertained and [, in such manner and under such Regulations, Directions wifions as are contained in an Act made in the Forty sixth His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for dating and feeuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dtflilled nd, and tie Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation, or in any other Act or Acts for granting, regulating or feeuring the on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or for warehousing the lame, at all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, iws, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of recovering thereof, led, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty Year aforesaid, or in this or any other Act or Acts for grant-egohting or feeuring the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, the warehousing of any such Spirits, shall be applied and put aftice m making Charges of Duty and other Charges on such ler in respect of the said Duties ot Spirits under this Act, and respect to the Warehousing of any Spirits charged with Duty rthh Ad, as fully, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes kttr, at if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

Drawback of Countervailing Duty on Spirits exported from Ireland to G. B.

Drawback of Duty on Spirits exported to any other Place than G. B.

Duties carried f

Consolidated

Fund.

Duty charged as by 46 G.j. c. 88.

Regulation for taking an Account of Stock of Spirits In hand.

[Penalty.]

Distiller*, kc. to deliver at Excise Office an Account of Stock in hand, verified on Oath, within Thirty one Days after passing AR.

tiona, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures hiad been express peated and enacted in this Act.

IX. And, in order to secure the said respective Duties of i Shillings and Six pence by this Act imposed on every Gallon a fits, as well British as Irj/b, id the Stock, C ustody or Possess every Distiller or Importer of Dealer in, S< Uer, Retailer and tifier of Spirits in Ireland, be it further eo ided, That any 0 Or Officers of Excise in Ireland shall and mi y by gauging or wife, take an Account of the Quantity of all such Spirits Stock, Custody or Possession of any Distillei or Importer of, \ in Seller or Retailer of Spirits, or of any R< differ of Sprits4 land, or of any Person for the Use of any fi tch Distiller, Is Dealer, Seller, Retailer or Redifier respedn ely, on the said Day of April, and also of all such Spirits not compounded, the said Eighth Day of April shall be in the Stock, Custody session of any Compounder of Spirits in Ireland} and every la cer or Officers shall make a Return in Willing to the Excise of the respective Districts in which such Spirits fha&j been, on the said Eighth Day of April, of th? just and true Q of all such Spirits, and of the Amount of tie said respective of Two Shillings and Six pence ter Gallon thereon respectively able qver and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable t' and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Person tively; and if any Officer or Officers of Excite shall not, mand made by him or them at any Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, of or belonging to any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, Rediffer or f

Sunder, or at any Place where any Spirits belonging to any istiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Con " shall be, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to Account of all Spirits therein, or if any such Distiller, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, or Person the Custody or Possession of such Spirits, shall neglect or it shew to fuen Officer all the Spirits in every such Warehouse or Place, such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Ref Compounder or other Person, into or at whose Warehouse or Place such Officer or Officers shall not be admitted, or shall i suffered to take an Account of all Spirits therein, and every Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier, Coe or other Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew or be shewn to such Officer or Officers all such Spirits as aforesaid, for every such Offence or Default respectively in any of the aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller, ter, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, who said Eighth Day of April shall have had in his, her or their Custody or Possession, (other than His Majesty's Wareho Under His Majesty's Locks) or in any Store Room, Shop, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person for his, her or their Use, any Spirits whatever, whids be liable to the said respective additional Duties of Two Shilki Six pence per Galion, by this Act granted, shall, wkhia Thi Days from and after the passing of this Act, deliver at the Oi Excise of the Diffrid in which such Spirits shall have bqca a

15 fi

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 4 6.

*57

ad Eighth Day of April, a just, true and particular Account in igniting of the Quantity of all such Spirits, which on the said Eighth by of April shall hare so been in* the Stock, Custody or Possession f such DistiBer, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Com-rounder or other Person in every such Warehouse, Store Room, ihop. Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person for his, her or their Use, describing the Places where Lhe same shall respectively be or may have been, and the Situation thereof; and every such Distiller. Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer,

Redder, Compounder or other Person delivering such Account, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker a sole mo Affirmation, before any Chief Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise, that such Account s a true, just and perfect Account of all such Spirits as aforesaid, ahkh Oath or Affirmation any such Commissioner or Sub Commissioner is hereby authorised to administer; and every such Distiller,

Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, who shall negied to deliver or cause to be delivered the Accounts hereby respectively required, within the respective Times aforesaid, or who fhatU neglect to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver or cattle to be delivered any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sam of One hundred Pounds 5 and all such Spirits of which such Pentlty.

Account shall uot be delivered within the Times aforesaid, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall be for* feited, and shall and may be seized by auy Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue of Cufldms or Excise in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to the said Duty charred on additional Duties of Two Shillings and Six pence per Galkin on such highest Return*. Spirits, shall be chargeable and charged with the said Duties upon the Returns or Accounts to be made and delivered by the Officer of Excise, or by such Persons respectively under this Act, according to such of the uid Returns or Accounts as shall produce the highest Amount of Duty, and that every such Person shall pay the said Duty accordingly; and when no Account shall have been delivered by any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, the Return made by the Officer shall be a conclusive Charge on such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder; and that every Person so charged shall, within Three Calendar Months next after the said Eighth Day of April pay to the Collector of Excise of the District all such Duty as shall be due by such Person for or on account of the said additional Duty, or ia Default of Payment thereof within the time aforesaid, every such Person so making Default shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Penalty, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount for which such Person shall be so charged as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chargeable Spirits notre-vrkh the said additional Duty, and actually charged therewith pur- mowed uolefo hint to the Provisions aforesaid, who shall remove any Spirits after Duty paid, or

m l. 1 .*m Kilnnni

the hid additional Duties foall have been eha thereon as afore* wuhoui

ind, without having paid and cleared off the tdditional Duties, oris whole Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise, there shall aypear to have been any Decrease of such Spirits, without having taxed from the proper Officer or Officers a Permit or Permits tattling the Removal of the Spirits so deficient, shall forfeit and pay 1 Sum of Twenty Pounds, together witha Sum equal to Double Penalty.

2, 8

C-4&

Jiv GEO. III.

A.D. 1t

rroviso.

Na Permit unlcffc alt Duties paid.

Additional Duty on Spirits carried Coattwiie, ftc. landed on or after the 8th of April.

[Penalty.]

In -cases of Contract, Delivery of Spirits not claimed unless Buyer pay Duty;

the Amount of the additional Duty chargeable on such Sped Provided always, that whereas by reason of Q uantities of Spin ing fold or used by Retailors of Spirits in Quantities so small i to require a Permit for the Removal thereof, Deficiencies may i between such Stock Account and the actual Quantity of Sp the Possession of such Retailer, the said Penjlty for a Decn Stock shall not be inflicted on any Retailer in; my ease in wfapckl Retailer shall satisfactorily prove that such Decrease was folelyS fioned by the Removal of Spirits out of such Retailer's Stod Quantities so small as not to require a Permit for such RemuvaLj

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shallq fold or shall sell any Spirits chargeable with the fak\ additional f and shall be desirous of removing such Spirits, no Permit ft granted for the Removal thereof unless the said additional hereby imposed, and all other Duties due thereon, shall have! previously paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That alii such Spirits Removal of which from any Place in Ireland to any other Place 1 in the same, either Coastways or by Canal or Land Carriage, a ( Cocket or Permit shall have been granted before the said E Day of AprtU and which shall arrive at the Place of its Defti on or after the said Eighth Day of Aprils hall on its Arrival I chargeable with the said additional Duty of Two Shillings a pence for and upon every Gallon thereof, and after the same Ri any greater or less Quantity; and the Officer or Officers of shall make a Return thereof in Writing to the Collector of Ex the District, in like manner as is herein directed with respect Return to be made by any Officer or Officers, of Spirits k] Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person on the said Eighthf of April; and the Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, f tifier or Compounder into whose Custody or Possession such  shall come on or after the said Eighth Day of ApriU shall be ch with and pay the additional Duty for the same; and every Pedal charged shall within Three Months next after the Arrival of ( Spirits, pay to the Collector of Excise of the Distn& all such T as shall be due by such Person for and on account of such $f or in Default of Payment thereof at the time aforesaid, every I Person so making Default shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pot together with a Sum eaual to Double the Amount of the Dot which such Person shall be charged as aforesaid, and no other < Cocket or Permit shall be granted for the further Removal of 1 Spirits, until the said Duty on the full Quantity of Spirits the Removal of which a Coast Cocket or Permit shall be requ shall be previously paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who (ha charged with the additional Duty' by this Act imposed upon J Spirits in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall f fold or contracted to fell any such Spirits to any Person or Pcd and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, before! said Eighth Day of April, then and in every such case the Buy the said Spirits shall not be entitled! to claim the Delivery of Spirits without first paying the additional Duty which such S shall have been chargeable or charged with, or shall have paid j such Spirits under the Provisions of this A.

A.D. 1812.

*59

Sv GEO. III.

C4 6.

XVI. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person who shall he charged with the additional Duties by this Act imposed upon Spirits, in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall on or after the said Eighth Day of Aprils have sold or contraded to fell any such Spirits to any Person or Persons, and shall have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, then and in every such case the Buyer of the said Spirits shall pay to the Seller the additional Duty which such Seller ftull have been charged with, or shall have paid for such Spirits under this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases when any Duties payable under this Act, by any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder for or on account of such Spirits in his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or in the Custody of any other Person for his or hrr Use, shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Calledor of Excise of the District, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, by Warrant under Ms Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and ffiftrain any Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Com-poonder owing such Duties, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction, and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, together with the Costs and Expences of finch taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising horn the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall forthwith be tendered and paid to such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, or his or her respective Representatives: Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seiler, Re* taikr, Redifier or Compounder, or his or her respective Representatives at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Rerpiits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits upon his, her or their paying to the Collector or other Chief Officer aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he, she or they shall desire to remove, and the brae may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall on due Application be given for the same, in like manner as if no such Distress bad been made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted, allowed and made payable, an^l all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, col-kded, paid and allowed, sued for, recovered and applied, in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules ajid Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and ex-ipressed fqr the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fi ft eeath Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Soond, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise or new Iwpojl upon

Majesty his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates fttrnnitferted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year cfHnpresent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the JlC|O.I!If 8 better

If Spirts delivered Buyer to pay Duty.

Duty on Spirits in Stock unpaid levied l*v Distress, &c.

Duties and Draw backs how levied and paid.

M k 1 e Car. (1.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

A.D. 1812.

a 66 C. 46, 47. 52 GEO. III.

jo G. 3. c. 46. Bounty by recited Act to cease. Exception.

JUSt. altered) &c.

better Execution of the several Acts relating H the Revenues, Matter1 and Things under the Management of the Cornmissioners of Cujforn end Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes k Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise or either of them, ai fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His iate Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act o r Acts as aforesaid, a provided.

XIX. And whereas an Act was made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for encouraging tk Consumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland, the Provisions of which Ad have not proved beneficial, and it is expedient to repeal the same; Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and all and every Bounty by the said Act granted, and all and every the Clauses, Articles, Matters and Things in the said Act contained, shall, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, cease and determine, ?md shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so hr as relates to the Payment and Allowance of any Bounty to which any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale nd Cyder by Retail, shall, under the Provisions of the said Act, be or shall have been entitled for the Quarter of the Year ending on the fed Twenty fifth Day of March, or for any preceding Quarter of a Year and the obtaining of the proper and necessary Accounts, Retnnu $md Certificates for the vouching or receiving any such Payment, an also save as to any Offence which shall have been or may be committed against the said Act, and any Proceedings to be taken for the Punishment of any Person or Persons offending against the said Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day d December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so must of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn oi Grain in the United Kingdom, as relates to Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

49 G.3. .y.*WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Comor Grain i\ 4 the United Kingdom for a Smiled Time, should be revived and continued for a time to be limited, as far as the same regards Ireland;

80 far as respects Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by an Ireland revived with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and continued. and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by th Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fourth Day of One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Act shall be and tli

fata

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 47.

261

fi* i hereby, as far as the same regards that Fart of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and as far as the same is not altered by this retired, and shall remain and continue in force from thenceforth until and upon the Thirty first Day of JDecember One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. Prodded always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Lard Lieutmot or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the hme being, at any time after the First Day of October One thoouod eight hundred and twelve, shall in his or their Difcrctiop judge it to be for the Benefit of that Part of the United Kingdom called Jr dandy to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grain (^heat excepted), or from Malt, Flour V Bran, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be ifluedby and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, of hr Order io Council to be published from time to time in The Dublin Gautk, to permit and suffer all and every Person and Persons (but sotany particular Person or Persons) in Ireland, at any time or times tot leu than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation qr Order ia Council, to make Worts or Wash for Distillation, and to SM Spirits from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, (Wheat excepted) or from any Malt, Flour or Bran; or in case the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time after the said First Day of October One thoq-faad eight hundred and twelve, shall in his or their Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, further to continue the Prohibition of the {Mutation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such die it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tiiqe being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Council to \x published from time to time in The Dublin Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the Dud Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned; that is to say, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, during the Coo-timnceof such Prohibition, no Worts or Wash for Distillation shall be made, and no Spirits shall be diililled from Oats, Barley or any othtrCom or Grain, or from Malt, Fpur or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and mqy be lawful to and for all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker'Makers of Spirits in Ireland, at any time on or before the 'ueenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, ^o liato Spirits all the Worts, Wash and Siuglings brewed or made 1 Malt, Corn or Grain which shall on the said Fourth Day of 1 jwiOoe thousand eight hundred and twelve, be in his, her or their UwJfQT Possession, and all Worts or Wash or Singlings, which wer the said Eighteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred

Lord Lieutenant, after Odt. I, 1812, miy permit Distillation of Spirits front Guid. and may afterwards continue Prohibition for a limited lime.

Worts, See. already brewed to We difliUed on of before May 18, 1812, Jtc.

A.D. 1812.

*62 047, 48. 52 GEO. III.

and twelve, be found by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or be in the Custody or Possession of any such Distiller or Distillers, or Penalty. Maker or Makers of Spirits in Ireland\ shall be forfeited, and maybe

seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and no Distiller or Distillers or Maker or Makers of Spirits in Ireland, shall dissolve, mix or brew any Sugar for the making of Worts or Wash for extracting Spirits, until the Expiration of Four Days after the said Eighteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, on Pam of for-Penalty. feiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Penalties how

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fine, Penalty

recovered. and Forfeiture inflicted by this Act shall and may be sued for anil recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means and with such Powers and Authorities as are preferred, directed and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign 14 & 15 Car. 2. of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled jfnddfor (I.)SelT.4. c. 8. fjjg settling the 'Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs all Successors, according to the Bool of Rates therein infer ted, or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise oi Customs in force in Inland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and Appeal., re-enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrievedot injured as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Lawi relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland, is provided.

Contrails for V. And whereas there may have been Contrafts made by Distillen Delivery of in Ireland with other Persons for such Spirits to be delivered al Spirits during future times after the said Fourth Day of May; Be it therefore Prohibition void. ena(c^e(i> That all Contrafts or Bargains made by any Distiller with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any such Spirits to be delivered at any time during the Operation of this Asci, shall be and are hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Act titered, &c.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered

amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collectioj of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland from Com, maltei or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallon Content.

[5th May 1812.

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more effectual Suppression of illicit Distillation of Spirits, to make Regulations forth

Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland from Cor

malted or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallon Content; and for the Encouragement of licensed Distillers, ha?in

and using such Stills, to exempt such Distillers of and from all an ' every the Regulations in any Act or Acts of Parliament whatevci

relating to the Trade of a Distiller, save only as are herein coi

tained Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritu and Temporal, and Commons, this present Parliament assemblei

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 48. 263

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eff)>ira-Ttfi Day* after the patting of this Act, nothing contained in*made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great and Ireland, in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the 46 G 3. c. 88. m tf the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the Ware-of fuel Spirits for Exportation; or in an Act made in the Forty Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 47 G.3. Self. a.

dS made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for c. 17.

Idling and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled

id; or in Two several Acts made in the Forty eighth Year

present Majesty's Reign, the one intituled An Act to grant to 4g G. 3. c. 78.

jtly Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made

td in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exfrorta-

eof; and the other, intituled An Act to amend the several 48 G. 3.081.

tin regulating and securing the Collect ion of the Duty on Spirits

in Ireland; or in an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts 49 G. 3.0.99. regulating and /retiring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits in Ireland, and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by or in Two several Acts made in the Fiftieth Year of His 50 G. 3. c.ij. Majesty's Reign, the one intituled An Act to grant to His 99-

Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn, to 'tain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof to make further h)g laye aJ ons for the Encouragement of licensed Disliliers, and for herein. r the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland; and the ituled An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the making and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and the Regula-Braziers, and of Perf ons employing more than one Still in Ire-all extend or be construed to extend, save as herein after men-0 any Distiller who shall be licensed to have or keep a Still der One hundred Gallons Content, pursuant to the Provisions tet

rorided always, and be it enacted, That so much of the said Duties under ted Ad, passed in the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, as imposes. 50 G. 3.C 15. s Duties on Spirits to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successora, for*main and remain with respect to Distillers licensed under this Act,

>rce to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been

Provided a!so, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller, having Distillers*prone of the patting of this Act a Licence in force to keep any ientj.ten., 1e|!

r under One hdndred Gallons Content, shall be desirous of ig to work the same, or in lieu thereof a Still of the like. such Licence, u the same Distillery, it shall and may be lawful for such to continue to work such Still, and for the Commissioners d Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, from time to grant to such Person a Licence to keep any Still of ' Content in the same Distillery, specifying in every such that the same is granted to a Distiller, who had, at the time tailing of this Act, a Licence in force to keep a Still of or lae hundred Gallons Content, and the Place where the same to (0 bcensed to be kept; and every such Distiller shall be land chargeable with Duty, and shall be under and subject to tttry the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Rdl rid ions, Penal-S*ties

A.D. 1812.

t&4

0* 48.

j i GEO. III.

ComfAtffioiien

of F.xcile may license Stills from ro TOO Gallons Content.

No Person to keep a Still with* out obtaining Licence.

No Still to excetd 100 Gallons Content. Minors being DiO tilers, made liable to Act.

tics and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parfiamart force in Ireland, at or immediately before the passing of this*tb all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the E; tion of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in 7/

Or any Four of them, to grant a Licence to any Person or Pei Ireland, to keep and use any one Still, the Body whereof, vlritl Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be capable ofcc any Number of Gallons not left than Forty four Galions, and with the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall not excel hundred Gallons Content, in any Place in Ireland where the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Four of shall deem expedient, towards effectuating the Purposes of this

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall keep or make use of any such Still for diddling Spirits in IrJ( without having Bril obtained a Licence for keeping, and ufioff same, from and signed by Four of the Commissioners of Inland El and Taxes in Ireland, and every such Licence shall continue in until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date tl or until the Twenty ninth Day of September Two Years next the Date of such Licence, in case the Person requiring such Lk shall desire the same: Provided always, that Persons in Partna carrying on the Bufinest of diddling, shall not be obliged to uh more than One such Licence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons under this Act, shall be licensed to keep or use at the same ti Still exceeding One hundred Gallons Content.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all h\ tions therein contained, shall extend and be condrued to ate any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, in whole for whose Use and Benefit any Distillery shall be exercised, or carried on; and such Person shall be liable to all Duties of bn account of such Distillery, and to all Penalties and F< under this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if such were adult and of full Age.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of

mating Contents ing the Duty on Spirits, the Content of any Still licensed urn df Still Ad shall be edimated according to the Quantity of Liquor

such Still, including the Head thereof, and every Appendage to Still or Head of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, whereby such br the Head thereof, or any Part thereof, shall le connected, or any way communicate with the Worm as high as the Stoat* afeend, and until the Top of the Head, or any Appendage tab Still or Head, shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of Ftt five Degrees, shall be actually capable of containing; and if any fi of the Content specified in the Licence of or under Sixty five GiN shall exceed by Two Gallons the Content specified in such LM as being the Content of such Still, or if any Still of the Cm specified in the Licence of or under One hundred Gallons deeding Sixty five Galions, shall exceed by Four Gallons the Cow specified in such Licence as being the Content of such Still, the D tiller or Distillers shall forfeit a Sum of Twenty Pounds forr*J

Gift

Mode of eftl-

St 11 exeedtag

Content licenced.

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1812.

Si9 GEO. III. C. 78.65

GaBoo which the Concent of such Still shall exceed the Cootent (pecihed in the Licence as the Content of such Still, and such Still 4all be forfeited and may be seized.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Still shall be of the Still* to be mad# Propositions following 5 the Diameter of such Still, to be taken in !n, Portio01 the widest Part of such Still, and in that Place of such widest Past lcreuL

as (hiD be most remote from the Bottom of such Still, shall be to the Altitude of such Still ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter so taken to the Bottom of such Still, in the Proposition of not more than Three to One)that is to say, for emy Inch of such Altitude, such Diameter shall not exceed Three Inches, and so in Proposition; and that the Diameter of the Bottom of such Still to be taken in an horizontal Line, shall not be equal to the greatest Diameter thereof taken as aforesaid, and shall not be left than Three fifths of such greatest Diameter, nor shall the Bottom of any such Still be otherwise curved than inwards or towards the Body of such Still; and if any Distiller shall have, keep or make use of ariy Still, the Proposition of the Diameter and Altitude whereof shall be contrary to this Act, every such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized, and the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalty.

Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring such Per fens requir-

Lkence, shall sign and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer "5 Licence shall in charge of the Collection of the Distritit, an Account in Writing wi?

to be entered and registered in the Office of Excise of the District in tion of DithllTry which such Still is to be kept, containing his, her or their Name or Still*, Scc. Uten-Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where the Dif- fils and Stores. tiUery containing such Still is or shall be situated, and of the Still,

Still-bead and Worm, intended to be kept there, and the Number of Gallons which the Body of such Still is capable of containing, and Ho the Number of Gallons which such Still is capable of containing, together with the Head thereof, and every other Appendage thereto included, separately set forth; and shall also in like manner sign and deliver an Account in Writing to be so entered and registered as afordakl, of all Coppers, Vats, Keeves, Backs, Coolers, Vessell,

Pipes, Shutes, Trunks and other Utensils whatever to be used in such Dilldkiy, and also of the several Stores, Apartments and Places wherein any Part of the Business of such Distillery is to be carried on, or wherein any Materials for distilling of Spirits or any Spirits are to be krpt or stored 5 and in every such written Account, the Person making the lame shall distinguish the Still, Still-head and Worm, and iMoCTery Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, Pipe, Shute,

Tnwk and other Utensil whatever, and also every such Store, Apart-went and Place, by separate Numbers relating to each Article in arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One; and upon such Still, Still-bead and Worm, and upon every such Copper, Vat,

Xme, Back, Cooler* Vessel, Pipe, Shute, Trunk and Utensil, and aflospoothe outside of the Door of every such Store, Apartment and Pbce, shall cauie to be painted with an Oil Colour in Black upon a White Ground, or in White upon a Black Ground, and shall keep Aaron (b painted the Number thereof respectively, in Conformity*h such Account; and that the Surveyor of Excise, within whole 4ney such Distillery shall be situate, shall, at the Bottom of every hd Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the

266 A.D. 1812.

Four Commissioners may refute or withdraw Licence with Approbation of Treasury.

Distillers not to be Rect ifiers < r Compounders.

[Penalty.]

BiftiUer in what c-lies nly to fell Spirits.

[Penalty.]

C. 4*. 52 GEO. III.

Collector or other Person in Charge of the Collection of the Distrish certify the Truth of such Account by signing his Name thereto and thereupon the Collector of Excise or other Person in Charge a aforesaid, shall file such Account in the Office of Excise of the Dif trift, and enter and register the same in a Book to be kept for tba Purpose, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registrr by giving a Copy thereof signed by him; and before any such Li cence shall be granted to any Person to keep any Still, such Perfol shall produce to the said Commissioners of Excise the said Certificatf of the Collector or other Person in Charge of the Collection; an< such Person applying for such Licence, shall also with Two suficient Sureties, to be previously approved of by the Collector of Excise* or other Person in Charge of the Collection of the District within which" such Distillery is situate (such Approbation of the said Sureties to be certified by such Collector or Person so in Charge as aforesaid) enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Gallon of the Content of the Still to be licensed, the Body and Head inclusive, conditioned for the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall he chargeable by Law on such Person for the Duties do Spirits or Strong Waters distilled by such Person, or with which such Person shall be charged under and by virtue of this Act, of any other Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Four of them, to.refuse to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons whatever to keep any such Still, or to withdraw the Licence granted for any such Still: Provided always, that the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, be first had and obtained for every such Refusal or withdrawing of any such Licence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person licensed as a Distiller under this Act shall rectify or compound any Spirits, and that k shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to grant any Licence to rectify or compound Spirits to any such Distiller so licensed under this Act, or to any Person in Trust for or on the Account of such Distiller; and if such Dikiller shall rectify or compound any Spirits, or shall be directly or indirectly concerned or engaged in the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, the Licence of such Distiller under this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and the Still, Still Head and Worm, and every Copper, Vat, Cooler, Back or other Vessel or Utensil whatever for distilling, and all Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot Ale* Malt or Com,

and all Materials for making Spirits found in the Possession of any such Distiller, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller licensed under this Act shall fell or deal in any Spirits not distilled by such Distiller, or be entitled to obtain any Licence to fell or deat in the same; and if any such Distiller shall receive or fell, or deal in any Home-made or Foreign Spirits, by Commission or otherwise contrary to this Act, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1812.

5*0 GEO. III. C. 4 & 267

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller shall have Distiller* not to my Share in, or be in any manneT concerned in the Sale of Spirituous have Share in Liquor* by Retail; and if any Distiller shall, contrary hereto, have ReWli Spuits. any Share in, or be in any manner concerned in such Sale, every such

Distiller (kali, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hun- Penalty, dred Pousds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller licensed under Distiller* not to this Act, shall brew or make any Liquor from Corn, malted or un- brew Liquor malted, other than Pot Ale, to be distilled by him; and it shall be Corn other lawful for any Officer of Excise to charge all Liquor made or brewed 1 tn 01

from Corn, malted or unmalted, in the Possession of any such Distiller, in the same manner as Pot Ale or Wash for the Purpose of diHilling ii by this Act chargeable; and in case any Pot Ale or Liquor brewed or made from Com, malted or unmalted, shall be found in the Poffeffi a of such Distiller not duly declared by him, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Sum of Penalty.

Twenty Shillings for every Ten Gallons of such Pot Ale or other Lquor: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for every such Dif- ProvKb. tiller to have in his Dwelling House, a reasonable Quantity of Beer and Ale for the Use of himself and his Family, such Ale or Beer not haring been brewed by such Distiller.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller licensed under Distiller* not to this Act shall make, extract or distih, any Low Wines or Spirits diU.il from Sugar from MolafLs or Sugar, or from any Molaftes Wash or Sugar Wash Waih,

or Sweet Water or any Mixture with the same; and if any such Diitiikr shall make, extract or distil, or cause to be made, extracted or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from Molaftes or Sugar, or from any Molaftes Wash or Sugar Wash or Sweet Water or any Mixture with the same, or shall make or prepare any Wort or Wash from Molaftes or Sugar, or any Mixture with the same, every such DistOler shall forfeit One hundred Pounds; and all Molaftes Walh or Penalty.

Sugar Wash prepared from any of the aforesaid Materials, or from any Mixture with the same, and all Low Wines and Spirits made, extracted or distilled therefrom, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and upon the Trial of any Information for the said Penalty or for any of the said Forfeitures, such Distiller shall be convicted, unlefts due Proof shall be made by such Distiller that the Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, in respect of which such Information shall be brought, was not made, extracted or distilled, from any Molaftes or Sugar, or Molaftes Wash or Sugar Wash or Sweet Water.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, licensed UfingStill, &c. coder this Act, shall have or keep, or make use of any Still, Still not regiiUred 5 Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute,

Trunk or other Vessel or Utensil whatever, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected, directly or indirectly, with any Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Ket've,

Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Vessel or Utensil,

Appendage or Apparatus, not having been set forth, numbered, entered and registered as aforesaid; or if any Distiller shall have, keep or having or <* sake use of any Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, ufin2 Still,c. C*kr, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Veil'd or Utensil, or olher th.nrU*. T Appendage or Apparatus-whateves, communicating or connected Vw nL wdfly sr indirectly with any Still, Still Head; Worm or Copper, tje and RegiU

or try

261

Feuilty.

Dtftillen not to keep more Worms thin Stills.

Stills hivine more thin One Worm.

[Penalty.]

Coppers used u Stills forfeited. Penalty. Apparatus rendering Copper capable of being used in Distilla-on.

[Penalty.]

Distiller s to set Still* and provide l'altenings, Locks and Keys.

[Penalty.]

Otmensions of Coppcisj

C. 4.

ji# GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

or any Part thereof respectively, other than uch aa fall ba

Jet forth in such Account, Entry or Registr, without having| Four Daye Notice in Writing to the ColTe&o or other superia cer of the District, and to the Surveyor and C anger, in charge her or their Distillery, and without an Accoui t thereof being f delivered, entered and registered in manner a! >resaid; such 13 shall forfeit for every such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper,] Keeve, Back, Cooler, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or< ther Vessel or Appendage or Apparatos, the Sum of One hundred Pom every fudh Still, Still Head, Worm, CoppeVat, Keeve, Cooler, Pipe, Shiite, Trunk or other Vessel >r Utensil, Ap or Apparatus, shall be forfeited, and may b< seized by any ( of Excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such DiAdler| have or keep any greater Number of Worm* of a Still Worm of a Still, or shall use with any our Still more Worm 5 and if any greater Number of Worm* of a Still shall be! in the Distillery of, or in any other Place belonging to or 00 by any Distiller, than One Worm, every such Worm of a 1 found, and ?dfo every Still with which more than One Won he used, or to which there shall be more than One Arm, shall I feited and may be feited, and the Distiller in whose Possess such Worm or Worms, or Still shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller under this Act shall use any Copper in his Distillery, for aay( Purpose than boiling or warming Water, or small Worts of 1 ceding Brewery, mixed with Water, or if by means of any App or Apparatus annexed to or used with any Copper, or by any Device or Contrivance whatever, any Copper shall be o with the Body or Head or Worm of any Still, every such and Still, and the Head and Worm thereunto belonging, forfeited and may be seized; and such Distiller shall also foi Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Apparatus shall be fa the Possession, or in the Distillery of any Distiller, which might such Copper or Coppers capable of being used in Distillati Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every such Distil

set every Still used or kept by him in Brick or Stone with i and shall from time to time provide such Fastenings, Docks and^ to the Head and Cocks of the Still, and to the Furnace Door til and shall keep the same in good and sufficient Order, in such as shall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge i Distillery, or other superior Officer of Excise, or shall pay Fastenings, Docks and Keys, as shall be provided by such, or Officer; and if any such Distiller shall use or keep any Still set in Brick or Stone, or shall uegled to provide, repair or ] such Fastenings, Docks and Keys, within such time aa shall quired by such Surveyor or other superior Officer of Excise, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every] Offence. j

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Distiller make use of, or keep in any Distillery any Copper or Vessel for ing or boiling Water* or brewing Pot Ale* the Diameter

A.D. 1812.

j2 GEO. III. C. 48.

0 the Mouth shall be left than the Diameter thereof in any other Part ff such Copper or Vessel, or shall have or keep any such Copper or itfher Vessel set or placed io any manner other than in such Situation hot? to be foe.

Sa that the Still or Place where such Still shall be set or shall stand, fall be in u direct a Line as the Building will permit, between the Place where such Copper or other Vessel shall be set or stand, and the Place where the Worm-tub shall be set or shall stand, every such (Wror Vessel shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Dif-tflferra whole DitliHery any such Copper or Voflel shall be found, or any such Copper or Vessel shall be set or placed in any Situation other dae is aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Penalty, sech Offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Distiller shall How Coolers taany Distillery make life of any Cooler which shall not be ferewed fattened and ac-4owi or otherwise fastened to Beams, firmly fixed at both Ends in commodated to the Walk of the Building, or in some other firm and substantial man- 0cejr* uerf or fall aker the Level or Dipping Place of any Cooler or Back

in ftdi Distillery, or the Beams that support the same, after it (hill bare been so fixed as aforesaid, or shall suffer the same to be altered without having previously given Four Days Notice thereof to thfc Surveyor or Gauger in charge of such Distillery; or if such Distiller shall use any Cooler through or across the Centre of which there shall not be erected and constantly kept fixed Lengthways, from one End to the other, a firm Frame or Stage of Wood at least Eighteen Inches n Bmdth, and of Thickness sufficient to prevent the same' from bending, where from the Officer of Excise mby gauge the Liquor in loch Cooler; or if there shall not be a firm Hand-rail of length of such Stage, conveniently placed in respect thereto, every Distiller so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall Spirit*, &c. ffiaH keep all Spirits distilled, and all Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings and Low be kept in Stores Wines, in the Distillery of such Distiller, or in some Store or Storesn or adjoining is or adjoining to such Distdlery, registered in manner hereinbefore to Distillery. mentioned; and all Spirits, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines,

which shall be found in any Store or Stores not so registered, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller or Distillers, Or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, shall, for every Gallon of such Spirits, and for every Ten Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for tvny Three Gallons of Singlings and Low Wines, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits stored in the Caflcs containing Store or Distillery of any Distiller, shall be kept in Casks of the Size Spirit* Couten* or Content of not left than Sixty Gallons each 5 and if any Calk shall be found in any such Store or Distillery containing Spirits which shall be of any left Size or Content, such DisttHer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Calk. Penalty.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Officers em-for any Officer of Excise, at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, powered to enter to enter ioto every House, Distillery, Still-house, Out-house, Store

led Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any such e ccouu WUct in Ireland, and to gauge, measure and $ake an Account of try Still, Still-head, Copper, Keevc, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe,

Ski, Trank or other Vessel or Utensil of anjr Kind, of or belonging

A.D. 1812.

*7

C. 4*.

52 GEO. III.

Obstruction

Officers.

[Penalty.]

Caflcs to be placed conveniently for gauging.

Pensltv.

Distillers shall turnish Officers with Ladders and Hifficitut Lights.

ptnahy".'

Officer may prefer Water in Worm Tub to be tun off.

ing to or kept by any such Distiller, and to gfcuge and take an Account of all Spirits which shall be from time to time made or distilled, and of all Malt and Corn, and of all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines and Materials whatsoever, for making or distilbog Spirits which shall be from time to time made use of by such Distiller, and of all such Spirits which shall be from time to time made use of by such Distiller, and of all such Spirits and Materials for making or distilling of such Spirits as shall be in any House, Distillery, Store or Place belonging to such Distiller, and make Returns thereof in1 manner herein after mentioned. j

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Exeifej or his Assistant, shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by any! Distiller, or by any Servant or Person acting in Employment of such! Distiller, from enttring into any such Distiller)', or any House, Out- house, Store or other Place whatsoever of such Distillery, or if any such Officer or his Assistants having entered, shall be hindered, ob-llru&ed or prevented by such Distiller, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Distiller, or in or upon the Pre* mises of such Distiller, from gauging any Vessels, or taking any Account of the Stock of Malt, Corn or Spirits of such Pifliiler, or of1 any Liquor or Ingredients preparing for or used or ready to be ufedj in distilling in such Distillery, or from seeing the whole Procefa oil distilling completely finished, or from taking an Account of the Li-1 quors distilled or to be distilled, or in Process of distilling, or from doing any Part of his Duty, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall place and keep all Casks and Vessels in which any Spirits shall be stored or kept, or which shall be made use of in distilling, in convenient Situations, with their Dipping Place uppermost and easy of Access, in such manner as any Officer of Excise in Charge of the Distillery shall reasonably diredk, for the more readily and tffc&ually taking the Gauge thereof; or in Default thereof, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Cask or Vessel not so placed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Distiller on Demand of any Officer of Excise, made at the Distillery of such Distiller, shall not furnish, or cause to be furnished, a strong and safe Ladder with Steps Four Inches broad at the least, or shall not have provided a Hand Rail, or a Rope in Nature of a Hand Rail, conveniently placed with respect to such Ladder, of Length sufficient to enable such Officer to afeend to and examine any Cooler, Back, Worm, Tub or other Vessel or Utensil in -such Distillery, or shall not fix such Ladder at the Dipping Place of any such Cooler, Back, Worm, Tub or other Vessel or Utensil, where such Officer shall require; or shall, on any Visit made by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to supply every such Officer, on Demand, with sufficient Lights for the Purpose of searching and gauging all the Stock on hand belonging to such Distiller, as well by Day as by Night, every Distiller so offending in any of the cafe3 aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall at any time, when Singlings or Spirits shall not he running off from a Still, require that the Water contained in the Worm Tub

belonging

agrog- to such Still shall be drawn or run off, the same shall be u or run off accordingly; and if the same shall not be drawn or off by some Person in the Distillery, it shall be lawful for any Officer to draw or run off such Water, or so much thereof as latt think necessary; and if the Water shall not be so drawn or off at the Request of such Officer, the Distiller in whose Distil-such Worm-tub shall be situate shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty tads.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Ex-i fall not be admitted into any Distillery, after having demanded Buttance into the same, and declared his Name and Business, and r having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after I Demand made, at the House of the Distiller, or the Gate or-frace Door, or any Window of the Distillery of such Distiller, ^Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One iwd Pounds.

XXXI. And whereas Distillers have frequently made use of bees adjoining their own Houses or Distilleries, for the Purpose t daodeftinely making, brewing, diddling or concealing their fak, Wasti, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits; For fcedy whereof. Be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Oc-jh'of any House, Store or other Place adjoining to or in the gbbourhood of the Dwelling House or Distillery of any Distiller, I any Servant of the Owner or Occupier of any such House or St, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excise, made in the p-time, admit such Officer of Excise, or shall not allow him to enter search such Houses, Store or Place, for Malt, Worts, Wash, tAle, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits, such Occupier of such lie, Store or other Place, shall in every such onfe forfeit the Sum Fifty Pounds.

tXXII. And be it further enacted, That if no Person shall attend

topear in such House, Store or Place as aforesaid, to give Entrance neb Officer, it shall be lawful, in the Day-time, for such Officer I his Assistants, or in the Night-time, for such Officer and his BftanU, in the Presence of a Con ft able or other Peace Officer, R> is hereby authorised and required to be aiding and assisting fcrin, to break open and enter such House, Store or Place, and ke Search therein for any Malt, Waffi, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low br< or Spirits, which such Officer may have reasonable or pro-

SCanfe to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein: Pro-always, that if upon Search no such Malt, Wasti, Pot Ale, IgfiogS Low Wines or Spirits shall be found, such Officer shall tar all the Damages done, or make reasonable Satisfaction for the m to the Owner or Occupier of such House, Store or Place. rftXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the House, Store or fcce broken open and entered, shall comfnunicate with the Distillery* tiay Pan of the Premise3 thereunto belonging, and if such Distiller, If same Person on his Behalf* shall not on Demand made, give En* fetoce into such Distillery to any Officer requiring the same, every fell Distfe shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such toller shall intend to brew or mafti any Corn, such Distiller shall, bwHours at lealt before he shall brew or mafti any Com, give Notice the Officer in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller (by an Entry

[Penalty.]

Refuting Admit* tance to Officer.

[Penalty.]

Owner of adjoin* ing House to admit Officer to search in Daytime.

[Penalty.]

If no Person appears to give Entrance, Officer may break open, &c.

Officer may en ter Distilleriea from adjoining Houses. Penalty.

Distiller to give Notice of malh-ing Corn.

C. 48.

52' GEO. III.

JLD.il

Ptiulty.

Pot Ale distilled in orderin which brewed.

[Penalty.]

Keeping in Backs of full Content of Still, less Quantity of Pot Ale than full Charge of Still.

[Penalty.]

Jio Allowance for Grouting.

fry to be made in a Book to be provided by such Officer for J Distiller, and to be kept in such Distillery 1 of the particular f and Time when such Distiller so intends to brew or mash toy ( and the Number of Bushels of Corn, distin ruishing whether 1 or unmalted, or Meal intended to be used n every such Brew MafHing, and also the time when such Brewi jg will be corapletd the Worts be off; and if such Distiller shal intend to makeq cond Mashing of the same Materials, with an} Addition thereto further Quantity of Corn malted or unmaltec, such Distiller ftu| a like Notice; and such Book shall be cares Lilly kept by lock j tiller, and the said Entries being made then 111, the said Book! within Forty eight Hours after the Erpintion of every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day*, be deli rered by such E such Officer; and in case any Corn, malted or un malted, i mafbed or brewed in the Distillery of any D, ftiljer without f tice being given by Entry to be made in such Book, every fudl tiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pop!

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every brewing of V Wash or Pot Ale, shall be separately run off i uto or placed oa f and shall be therein gauged by the proper Officer within a ra time before the same Hudl be let into any fermenting Back; 1 Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, shall be distilled in the Order in whi lame was brewed 5 and that no newer Wort, Wash or Pot Alc| be distilled while there is any older Worts, Waffi or Pot Ale, and not distilled; and that if any such WorU, Wash or Pot J be found in the Distillery of aoy Distiller, which shall not b so run off into and placed on Coolers, and remain thereon for] sonable time, ^n order that the same may be gauged acc which shall have kero brewed longer than any such Worts,

Pot Ale, as shall have been then actually distilled or distilling, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller lie der this Act, shall put into or keep in any Back, Cooler or Vessel, which shall be capable of containing the full Charge < Still of such Distiller, at any one time, afmaller Quantity of V Wash or Pot Ale, than the full Charge of such Still; nor fhil in any One such Back Two or more different Brewings oH Wash or Pot Ale, or any Part thereof 5 nor shall put any Low 1 or Singlings into any Vessel, until every other Vessel in such Difl in which any Low Wines or Singlings shall have been previousH shall be completely filled with Low Wines or Singlings; and] Back, Cooler or other Vessel, in the Distillery of any DiilUlcr, u found containing any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Law Wines or I lings, contrary to the Regulations of this Act, such E)ifhf every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That uo Allowance \

made in the guaging or taking Account of the Contents of any I Vat or other Vessel, for or in respect of any Grouting or G| Corn, or Meal or other Composition, Matter or Thing added f Worts, Wash or Pot Ale in such Back, Vat pr other Vessel, I such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, are in the Couife of Prrparatif being distilled.

s xxxviii/

AJLiSii. GEO. III. C*4$. 273

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Ex- Mode of chsrg-tjfc keeping an Account of Worts, Waflx, Pot Ale, Lovr Wines or ig from De-fcgbrfcS shall charge the Distiller upon any Decrease of Worts, jfffh or Pot iUe, for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate A*" S"1*' gOoe Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of such Worts,

Wa& or Pot Ale so decreased; and upon any Decrease of any Low Wines or Singlings, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings so decreased, and so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity of Worts, WsQi,

Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings respectively; and when and 9s often any Still shall be charged with any Waih or Pot Ale, the Officer foil charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated it the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of such Waffiar Pot Ale, according to the Content of such Still, estimated as in tins Act is mentioned; and when and as often as any Still shall be charged with any Low Wines or Singlings, the Officer shall charge the DiffiBer for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Tvo Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Low Wines or fegbogs, according to the Content of such Still estimated as afore-deducting r in both cases from the Content of such Still One eighth ftrt thereof for Liberty for such Still to work, and the Officer shall ppfct a Return of the Quantities of Spirits and of the Duties thereon msfdingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and sctjiraed and every such Dialer shall, over and above the Quantities iSwtCwd, be charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits ap he shall actually di&il.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all W(h or Pot Ale Pot Ale not dif-phkh foU not be diddled Jit the Expiration of Six Days, including H]lcd ", thm the Day of brewing and the Pay of diddling the same, shall b* curled!* coefidered as Waft-or Pot Ale, npt included in any former Charge agabftthe pi&iller, and such Dili iller shall be charged with Duty is respect of such Wadi or Pot Ale, according to the Directions of $bii Ad.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall boil, heat Worts not to be or prepare, by means of Fire, any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale or other ^eated* Liquor, io aery Copper, Vessel or other Utensil whatever, other thanerme8UlW a Bcensed Still, after such Worts, Wash, Pot Alo or other Liquor so been fermented; but that all Worts, Waih, Pot Ale, Liquor pr other Materials foil, after Fermentation, be fairly put intp a Bended Still without having undergone boiling, heating, or asy Preparation by means of Fire, whereby the Process of DistiLtion ny he lhortened or accelerated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated, 00 Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Penalty, such Offence.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise Contents of foil End anr Still at work, an^i the Distiller or any Person employe*! de-

by such Distiller, shall refuse to declare what such Still then contains, p!Le'edinM. k shall be lawful for such Officer of Excise to charge the Distiller as if such Still contained Singlings or Low Wines, and such Distillor ball pay the Duties by. this Act chargeable accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Liquor shall be de- What coufidor*! fod as Feints or taken as such in any Distillery, which shall be of a " Ft^ts*

|WUr Strength than Eighty five per Centum under Proof; and

A.D. 1812.

Decrease in Feints, Distiller chargee'.

Declaration of Stock.

[Penalty.]

Pot Ale, &c. founft after Declaration forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Mode of declar ing Stock of Spirits.

[Penalty.]

Notice to brew Pot Ale and Commencement of working Still.

C. 48. 52 GEO. III.

that in case any Liquor declared as Feints shall be found of a jjrtfte Strength, the same shall be charged as Singlings or Low Whw and that no Liquor called Feints, shall be distilled or otherwisedi posed of than by being, at the Option of the Distiller, fpilleW mixed with Pot Ale or Wash, in the Presence of an Officer of Exdffl and that if any Decrease shall at any time be found in the Quanta* of such Feints, more than isjuftified by the Quantity so mixed wft Wash or Pot Ale, or so spilled as aforesaid, in the Presence of an 01-cer, such Distiller shall be charged for a Quantity of Spirits in ?Vk portion of One Gallon of Spirits to every Three Gallons of fnck Decrease of Quantity in such Feints.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Excise shall have entered into the Distillery, Warehouse, Store or any other Place belonging to any Distiller licerifed under this Act, such Distiller or some Person employed on Behalf of such Distilkr, shall on Demand of any such Officer, shew or cause to be shewn to foci Officer, all the Stock on hand of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines and Spirits, belonging to such Distiller, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration of the same; that is to say, that the Stock so shewn is all the Stock of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlmgi or Low Wines and Spirits, of or belonging to such Distiller; and if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not on Demand made by any such Officer, forthwith shew or cause to be shewn such Stock, or make such Declaration as aforesaid, or if such Distiller or any Person shewing such Stock or making such Declaration shal make any false or nntrue Declaration of such Stock, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall upon Search discover any Wash, P<A Ale, Singlings or Low Wines or Spirits, belonging tn such Distiller, which shall not have been duly shewn or declared, or which shall be in any Place or Store belonging to such Distiller not registered under this Act, then all such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines or Spirits shall be forfeited, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits, and far every-Ten Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallon* of Singlings or Low Wines, so found and discovered.

XLLV. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller or Servant, or Person in the Employment of such Distiller, who shall shew the Stock of such Distiller to any Officer of Excise, shall count all the Casks of Spirits and dedaffc the Number thereof, and the Quantity of Spirits contained in each Cask, to such Officer taking an Account of the same; and in case such Distiller, Servant or other Person, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if after; such Declaration as aforesaid, any of the Casks which shall have been declared to contain Spirits, shall be found to be empty or to contain any other Liquor or Thing save only Spirits, or a greater or less Quantity of Spirits than so declared as aforesaid, or if more Casks than One shall be found not to be full, or if a greater Number of Casks shall be found than have been so declared, every such Calk and the Contents thereof shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall before commencing to brew any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, and also before commencing to work any Still in any Year and so in like

planner

fli.

52 GEO. III.

C48. 27$

xhrt ha or fl* shall recommence to brew any Worts, Wafti Lie, or to work any Still after any Discontinuance thereof in ir, give Six Days Notice in Writing, of which the Day of A faefc Notice to be reckooed one, to the Collector or other fitter io Charge of the Collection of the District in which the y of Aich Distiller shall be situate, and to the Surveyor and n Charge of the Distillery of such DistHler, felting forth the d Hour when such Distiller intends to commence lo to brew wfcany Still respectively, or to recommence so to brew any Waft or Pot Ale, or to work any Still after any Discon-thereof; and any Distiller who shall brew any Worts, Wash AJe, or who Stall work any Still without having given such e Notices, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Doe hundred Pounds. Penalty.

L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no other Distiller com* n Monday shall be mentioned in any such Notice for com- fencing and w recommencing to work a Still, and that no such Distiller ^c^mencin8 mcace or recommence to work any Still in pursuance of any bee, except on a Monday, and every such Still shall be pre-9 be kept regularly at work from the Day mentioned in bee for commencing or recommencing to work such Still, vorkisg thereof shall be discontinued in manner herein after d; that is to say, every such Distiller may from time to Notice.

[Proviso.]

: oQtinue the working of any such Still on giving a Notice in Distiller dtfeon-of such his Intention to discontinue such working to the tinuing Work, r or other Chief Officer m Charge of the Coiledion of the and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Distillery DistHler, Six Days at the lead previous to the Day men-hndo for discondnOkig to work, requiring by such Notice ShU may be locked on the Day expressed in such Notice, fysg the Day and Hour of the Day at which such working cd to be discontinued: Provided always, that no other Day

mentioned in any such Notice for discontinuing to ad that such Monday shall be the close of a Period of Weeks ar whereof the common Diviforor aliquot Part shall he Four,

I act be lefa than Four Weeks distant from the time of com-to work such StiH in any Year, nor less than Four Weeks rom the time of recommencing to work the same after any uaooe in such Year 5 and that the Hour of the Day speci-ich Notice ffiall be some Hour before Twelve of the Clock at tfech Monday.

II. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified On Notice of Notice of Discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any Discontinuance, of Excise in Charge of such Distillery, and he is hereby ?M, ccr to fai'c0 Itoftnpdown and fatten the Head of such Still by locking w*e, tad to lock the Door of the Furnace Grate, and to (top ek die discharging Cock or Pipe of such Still; and if such Not allowed to lull be prevented from so doing by any Person at such Distil- do lV' Dlft, ller rioocmfcqueiice of the Distdlery being blocked, and no Person ^j^nue c ar* agto give Entrance to such Officer, or otherwise, or if such tall in any Event not be locked in manner thereby directed, hftiBer shall continue to be charged with and pay Duty as if ot given such Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid, and such thiBbe deemed void and of no Effect*

HGii.III.

T

C

A.D. 1812.

376 C. 48. 52 GEO. III.

Still found warm jtter Notice of Di&ontinuance.

[Penalty.]

Distiller may recommence on giving Notice.

Moothly

Charges.

00 Charges for every Still not exceeding 65 Gallons Content; and 60 Charges for Stil's exceeding 65 and not Exceeding 100 Gallons.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time fuh sequent to Twenty four Hours after any Still shall have been locM or by any of the Provisions of this Act ought to have been locked, a after the time mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid, of discontiuiift the working of such Still, such Still or the Works in which it u6 shall be found warm, the Distiller or Distillers in whose Possessionlfc same shall be so found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pouodk

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller wti shall have discontinued the working of any Still in manner aforefcii shall intend to set at work again such Still so discontinued, such Dfc tiller shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the CA le&or, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Dif tri&, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the DistiHord such Distiller, Six Days at lead before the Day on which such Dif tiller shall intend to recommence the Working of such Still, fpcdfj. ing the Day, agreeable to the Provisions of this Act, and the Hal on which he intends so to recommence the Working of such St3j which Day shall be a Monday, and shall not be lef3 than Four Week dillant from the time of the last Discontinuance of the Working oi such Still; and One of such Officers to whom such Notice shall b given shall attend and open the Locks and Fastenings of such Stil accordingly, and shall charge such Distiller with Duty as herein vided, from the Day mentioned in the Notice for Recommencement d the Working of such Still.

L. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller who All not discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, pursuanttfl the Provisions of this Act, shall, during the Continuance of his Ii cence, in every Year be charged with and pay Duty in respect oftm Still belonging to such Distiller, according to the Content thereot and according to a certain Number of Charges of Singlings or Lou Wines for such Still, and according to a certain Number of Weekl and Days as herein after mentioned; that is to say, every such Di(| tiller shall be chargeable and charged for such Still for not left tlai Twenty four Weeks or One hundred and sixty eight Days during the Continuance of his Licence in every such Year and that for eta] Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days while such Still shall continoej or shall be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable a working under this Act, such Distiller shall be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might h< produced according to the Rates in this Act mentioned, from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines herein after severally set forth, for and in respect of such Still, be ing of the several Contents following; that is to say, from Ninety Charges of L01 Wines or Singlings for every Still not exceeding Sixty five Gallons Content, and from Sixty such Charges of Low Wines or Singling! for every Still exceeding Sixty five Gallons Content, and not exceeding One hundred Gallons Content; and that every ftcb Distiller shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates in this Act mentioned) from all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Dif tiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks 01 Twenty eight Days; and every such Distiller shall a tfo be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity af Spirits as shall be

*77

52 GEO. III. 'C*48

'kaftnaDy distilled in such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days exceeding the respective Quantities aforesaid; and the Sur-'jeror and Gauge* in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, shall,

AW Return for every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days which any such Still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working, make a Return and Charge won such Distiller of such Quantities of -Spirits for which Inch DrfmJer is hereby chargeable with Duty for such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, and every such Distiller shall fXf the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have be-cone due and payable.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Spirits Offirerroretuni charged upon any Distiller in any Year ending on the Twenty ninth Deficiency of Aembtr shall not amount to the full Quantity of Spirits ? for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable with Duty within inch Year, being for a Period of Twenty four Weeks or One hun-dnd and sixty eight Days, according to the Rates aforesaid, the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, foal, within Twenty Days after such Twenty ninth Day of Sebtem-for, ooke a Return to the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge .< the Collection of the District in which such Distillery shall be Abate, of such Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon, as with the Quantities comprised in any former Return or Returns of Spirits against such Distiller, within the Year ending such Twenty jvth Day of September, shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act made chargeable with Duty,

*fot the Period of Twenty four Weeks, or One hundred and sixty right Days in such Year, according to the Rates aforesaid 5 and such Return shaft be a Charge on such Distiller, who shall pay the Duty fpporing by such. Return to have become due and payable, within Ten Days after such Return shall have been made, or shall for every Defouk forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Dou- Penalty*

Me the Duty so returned and charged.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Commissioners Distiller shall be desirous of obtaining a Licence for any Still or Stills, empowered toaor time between the First Day of November in any Year and set*1

dbe Twenty ninth Day of September, in the succeeding Year, or in case up -In Course #f say Distiller being licensed for a Term longer than One Year, shall any Year, coaunence working for the Year at any time between the First Day of Nwember in any Year and the Twenty ninth Day of September in tfefocceeding Year, then and in either of the said cases it shall and ray be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to reduce the Quantity rsf Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable with hity.for and in respeff of such Still or Stills, during any such Year,

9 such Quantity of Spirits as may reasonably be distilled in such fell or Stills between the time that such Licence shall be so granted, ir the time when such Distiller shall so commence working for the fear, and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing; prided that such Reduction shall be in the Proposition to the Part of the Year which shall have elapsed from the Twenty ninth Day of I timber preceding the taking out of such Licence, or preceding the OMneiflg to work for such Year to the time of the taking out of tW kmc, as Twenty four Weeks is to Fifty two Weeks, and that the taking out any. licence for such Still or Stills shall in all T 2 other

Distiller after working right Weeks, may discontinue for Remainder of Year and have Licence withdrawn.

fcnat,

Distiller on discontinuing Business on Expiration of Licence, shall remove his Still

dtherrefpefls be fiibg'eft and liable to all the Rules and Regukirf in this Act contained.

HIL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if aoy Da tiller who tell hatte Worked Eight Weeks or more in any Ob? V I shall he desirous to discontinue working for the Remainder of m Year, it tell and may be lawful for such Distiller to discontiiiut full ing accordingly, on giving a Notice in Writiftg of hie Inteutiook* discontinue working fat the Remainder of the Year to the C betters of Excise, and also to the Collector or other Chief Oftr I Charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor or G: g in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, Ten Daya at teM previous to the Day mentionud for so discontiiroing to work fen'Remainder of the Year; ami in such cafcs it shall amd may br kw for the said GoanfrHIkvntrs 6f Excise, or any Three of them, tacsG the Licence granted to such Distiller to be ended and determW t the Year ending era the Twenty ninth Day of Sepftmk* then or? eufuing; and it (hill dKo be lawful for the said Ccrmrtiifcaefi t redriee the Quantity df Spirits for which such Distiller teii kf Ad be chargeable with Duty during the Year, to fudh Qaastt? such Distiller tel be drtfgcaffte with during so May Ptm tfottr Weeks as kick Difofier shall have actually continued Wsrl' or tel have heCft chargeable as continuing to work, togetherr* such further Quantity of Spirit s ns shall hate been actually diftHr or as fright be produced from all Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wtaa [ BrngRngs, which fuflh Dittller find) have (lifttiled during facto P adcdrding to tke Rates ia this Act speeftied; and if at air after the Day menttacted in any such Notice of any such DU for fh discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year, x such Dsftflier Audi knew any Worts, Wash or Pert Ala, or teftH any Waflt, Pot Ale, 8ingfcn^ or Low Wines, or shall wwi*StiH or Stills in foedi Dmillery, or if after the Day frentrafttd ( so difcdnrtinuing to work9 any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wa or Singlings, shall be found, or any Still tell be discovered until n the Dmillery of such Distiller, or shall be discovered to k Worked islet such Notice, such Distiller shall, for every such Oft* forfeit and pay the Stnn of l ive hundred Pounds; and it shallr.r lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to license ary Pteir ha*e, keep or frake act of, nor for any Person to have, keep of r act of any Still in the said Distillery for the Remainder of fu nor during the Term of Oik Year nett enfwing the Twenty m Day of Septahbir after such Offence shall have been committed, Licence previously granted to such Person notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where taj P fen shall, at the Expiration of any Licence granted under tku A discontinue the Trade and Business of a Distiller, or shall at time during the Continuance of his Licence, discontinue vrorkiag the Remainder of the Year, in manner herein mentioned, such F shall, within Seven Days after the Expiration of such Licence, or s' so discontinuing to work, tause the Works in which any Still ir Distillery of such Distiller was let, to be taken down, and ML place and remove such Still, and shall also displace and remover-the Worm-tub the Worm belonging to such Still, and shall, sro Seven Days then next following, fend or convey such Still, and Head and Wotm belonging to the same, to the Excise Office of

'D. lilt

m

52 GEO. III. C. 4?*

iiflA so which fti$ft Distillery shall be fi*u*|je, there to b* kept TwelvCaieBdar Months, wlefg tfo same shall, within the foi<J rive (>fondar Months, be redefoiered to tfo Proprietor thereof, on being Scenied under ftfefo A4 or shall be difopfed of by such Prcv ietor to (foe liceqfod Distiller, wlifoh it shall be lawful for foeh pnetor to do; end fa eafo wy such Still or Head, or Worm of a M WHfou at said Ejtcife Office for the Space of wore than ^eCaJeodar Months, it (had he lawful for the Collector, or other ef Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, to break reader useless any fufb gtiil, Still Head or Worm, and to c d*Materials thereof to be fojd, a4 the Produce thereof, after ding all Expenses of such *ie, and a reasonable Sum for the CHiie Room for the same, during the fold Twelve Calendar ui feaH be paid by such CJle<i^ tQ the Proprietor thereof;

<de any Still, Mill Head or Worm, fka.ll be found in the - v, ar in apy other Placethe Occupation of any Person ill have so discontinued the J3uft#ef? of a Distiller, at any time tfo jfod of Fourteen Days after the Expiration or Determina*

say Licence to such Distiller, such Still, Still Head or . shall be forfeited, and may be foiled, and the Person in whose Mm or on whose Premises the same shall be found, shall forfeit Penalty.

Sum of One hundred Pounds.

iVftd be it further enacted, That the Surveyor, Gauger or Officers tp make rOticer af E*cife so Charge of the HiftiMery of any Dikiller Monthly Re-1 foil be ifornfed under this Act, shall, within Five Days next turn* of Duty, tae of every Period of Four Weeks during which any such

fell work, or be cwftdened as working under this Act* "

4e a detain in Writing to the Golie&or of the said District, or tf Officer in Charge of the Collection of the same, of the Quanta( Spirits for which such Divider so by this Act made charger -- w; th Duty, and the Duty thereon for such Period of Four >*ks; and such Return shall be a Charge upon every such Di&lief Period of Four Weeks; and every such Officer shall, and he to leave a true Copy of such Return so Writing for so Hand, with every such Distiller, or at such Distiikry,

WO Psin of Meixfag the gum of Twenty Poumfo for every such Penalty. w Omiftu.u fa so doing.

i. food be it further e patted, That every such 1)iiliHer foal also Distiller tp make -'Cti his proper Hand, Or under ti\e Hand of fonw Person for whom Monthly Kntnr Ldilfor (foil be refoonfihle, wklun Five Days next after the of.9ujnt'ty

Period of Four Weeks during >vhich such Distiller foall Xrjeable. wk nr so confideced as working uder tide Ait, at the Excise: -c of the District in which the Distillery of such Ddlfoer shall ate, make or cattle to be made a just and true Entry of the r uty < f Spirits for which such Distiller is, under this Act, charge-lh Duty, ia such Period of Four Weeks; and every Ditlilky* foolfoitgled to make or eause to be made such Entry wfthiu the

aLffsaid, shall for every Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty.

together with a Sinn equal to Double the Duty returned by Officer against such Distiller for such Month.

1. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall be Distiller charged, rable and charged with Duty upon each and every Return and either by Return ip be made by the Officer of Excise, or by such Distiller rtt fofojbid* according to fuqh of the said Returns or wjthuiio Diya T 3 Entries

28o

from End of Mouth.

[Penalty.]

In case of Dispute Officer to verify Return by Affidavit;

and thereupon Return to be a Charge.

Tensity.

Distiller when allowed to (fifpute.

Errors in Officers Returns amended;

Distiller overcharged, Commissioners to make Allowance

Commissioners to give Notice

O* 48'

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Entries respectively, as shall produce the highest Amount of 1 and that every Distiller so charged, shall, within Ten Days from j Monday which shall conclude every Period of Four Weeks d which such Distiller shall work or be considered its working! this Act, pay and clear off, 6r cSmfe to be paid and cleared C Whole of the Duty chargeable for such Period of FburWo shall for every Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, with a Sum equal to Double the Duty which shall be so cb as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any ] shall arise between any Officer of Excise and any such Distiller I ing the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of such f Upon such Distiller, for or in respect of any Quantity of Spiri suant to this Act, such Officer shall verify by Affidavit made1! the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collefo the District, or before some Justice of the Peace, that the I made by him is true and fair, according to the befl of bisM and Knowledge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charged the Distiller disputing the lame; and if such Distiller shall notj the Difference between the Amount of the Duty so returned byl Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Distiller, within Ten Days! after such Return of such Officer shall be so verified by Affidti aforesaid, such Distiller shall, for every such Default, forfeit T# Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Difference b the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer and the I paid by such Distiller; Provided always, that no Distiller (I allowed to controvert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty I by any Officer, unless such Distiller shall have made a regular F of the Quantity of Spirits by him distilled, in manner requirt this Act, and paid the Duty chargeable on the same, and f such his Entry make his Obie&ion to the Return or Charge <3 Officer.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Excise shall at any time neglect or omit to make a Return 1 to the Provisions of this Act, against any Distiller, or (hal time have committed any Error in any Return as aforesaid, by i ing or charging in such Return a greater or less Quantity of f or a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to have been re or charged by him against any such Distiller, according to t regions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such ( cer, or for any other Officer of Excise, and they are hereby nl tively required to make a Return in case no Return shall harel made, or to rectify such erroneous Return as may have been m as-speedily a6 may be convenient, and to report the same tottel Commissioners of Excise, and in case 6f a Return made by reifrf an Omission in the Officer in Charge of a Distillery, to maketl turn pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; or if it shall appetrl the Quantity of Spirits and the Amount of Duty charged fci erroneous Return as aforesaid, against any Distiller, was greater u the same ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for tltei Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to Allowance forthwith to such Distiller of the Amount of J overcharged; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spin the Amount of Duty charged in any Return against any J

Uh8n.

J2 GEO. III. C. 48. 281*

lefa thin the same ought to have been, or in case of a Return to Distiller of

ade as afordiud, by reaion of the Omission of the Officer to make*cc'c c)

Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be

wful for the fax! Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby re-

aired to give Notice to such Distiller of the Amount of the Duty

stained u such Return so made as aforesaid, by reason of the Omif-

onof a Return in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or of the

)efideBcyof the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Return;

ad if such Distiller shall not, within One Calendar Month after such New Return

Notice* /hew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Excise, why and Duty

e Aodd not be charged with and pay the Sum contained in such dialed,

jfturn or such Deficiency, it shall be lawful for the said Commi f-

3octs of Excise to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the

titoift within which such Distillery is situate, of the Amount of such

)uty or Deficiency, and the Duty specified in such Return shall be

Surcharge on such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall not upon if not paid within

leaned or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of Ten Da)s after

tch Duty so surcharged, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten j^enand*

oaodsiod a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall Return a $ur-

e so retained and surcharged: Provided that no such Return shall charge.

r 1 Surcharge on any Distiller, unless it shall have been made, and

k Amount thereof demanded, within Nine Calendar Months after

le Date of the original Return, or after the Expiration of the Ten

ti within which the same ought to have been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller Accidents Com-censed ander this Act shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident we been prevented from distilling any Waffi or Pot Ale within the 1making

mt prescribed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Com- OWdnce or* liffiooen of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, on Proof made) their Safiffa&ioo, that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, od oot owing to any Default or Negligence, to abate any Charge f Doable Duty which may have been made on such Distiller in re-& of such Waffi or Pot Ale not having been distilled within the me aforesaid; and also to make any propositionate Allowance to b7 DistiDer, in Consideration of any Loss by any Fatality or un-voidable Accident, proved as aforesaid, by which any Waffi, Pot Ik, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, shall have been destroyed; od also to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller bfl be chargeable by virtue of this Act in any Period of Four Weeks, in Consideration of any Fatality or unavoidable Accident,

Kovtd is aforesaid, by which such Distiller shall have been prevented twkmgin such Period of Four Weeks: Provided always, that every such Abatement and Allowance be first approved of by the Com-fliflboers for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of /re-1W, and that no such Abatement or Allowance shall be made to m Distiller who shall have made any Insurance against Loss to be fothiwd by any such Fatality or Accident, without regard being kd to the Amount receivable under such Insurance.

LXL. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Decrease in Wk of Spirits in the Stores of any such Distiller shall be less than Stock of Spirits* tbtQwatity of Spirits which, by the Stock Account kept by the QStttofEicife, ought to be in such Stores, every such Distiller fornsy time such Decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Teo $fc&Bgs for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be so deficient. Penalty.

T 4 LXII. And

C. 48.

51 GEO. III.

Minute Book? kept in D ftH-lerits.

Officer to make Entries.

Distiller to deliver Book to Surveyor.

[Penalty.]

Spirits sent out lei's than Five Gallons without Permit.

[Penalty.]

Collector may dill rain for Duties.

EXII. And be it further enacted, That in the Diiilksy of em\

such Distiller there shall be safely kept such Mi note Books a* kali delivered to such Distiller by the Gauger or Surveyor in Chagtd such Distdlery, in which Books amy Officer or Officers shall frontim to time make true Entries of the times when they shaft leipeffinlj visit -such Distillery, and of all such ether Parti col art relative to tfc State and Condition of such Distillery as such Officers hull fade* pedient and necessary, or as (baM be diire&ed by nay foperior Ofteeri and such Distiller ffiafll within Throe Days after the Twenty tfti Day of December y the Twenty fifth Day of Marti6* the Twwtj fourth Day of June and Twenty owth Day of September respeffivdj in every Year, deliver up such Books to the Surveyor of Enrietha in Charge of such Dmisery; and in case wry Dsftdkr to ah such Book shall be tendered by any Officer of Eaerir ftJI rthk ti receive the same, or, having received the same, shall sriifiiftf 1m deface, obliterate or alter such Book or any Entry therein, or cni the same to be tern, defaced, obliterated or altered, or shall nk or cause to be made any Entry therein, or in cast any DAJarfl any Person employed in the Drftillory of such Distahor, flak KM time when required by any Officer of Ettdfe, negiedl ar vefck prod nee such Book, or shall neglect to deliver such Book at the tin aforesaid to the Surveyor of Eitctie, such Distiller fttaft, fareweryfri Offence, fbrfeft the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That If way such DistiBrrftd send out any Spirits in anyless Quantity than Five Gsdlaaa, orlril out being accompanied by a iegal Permit, every such Distafcr M forfeit for every Inch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pauods, and ha Spirits and the Casks or Vefteds containing the same, ffitfikefn feited. and shall and may be fdeed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in oft odfei wke* tol Duties payable under this Act by any such Distiller, fhafthmapai at the Time when such Duties are by this Act made due lad payable, it shall be lawful for the Colleger of Eacifo, orutker Cha

Proiluc<* of Sale, how Jilposed of.

Distiller may before Day of Sale obr.iin Permits for Spirits on Payment of Value.

Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Distraffc ia takkh th Dist Her y of such Distiller shall be fittwte, by Warrant under k

Hand and Seal, to empower airy Person or Person ftotdkeadkl t'-riin all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads and Won, and all Cast p ts, and other Vessels and Uterffils fordi Hilling, tried in aoylud JD stil cry, and all Malt, Corn and other Materials for distilliqg, d t^ ca ife the same to be sold by publick Audbkint; and if after Pq me t of all D ties and Arrears of Duties due from fiiA Distillet together with the Costs and Expeuoes of such taking, distnuoiogao Sale, there shall be any Surplus-of the Produce arriing from the Sal thereof, such Surplus shall bt* forthwith (entered and paid to fod Dilihler or his Representatives: Provided always, that when s^ Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be bwft for such Distiller or his Representatives, at any time or times befcw the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits, upon his or their paying to th Collector or other Chief Officer, towards dischargeing the Duties f due and payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he or they flay desire to remove, and the same may be removed accordingly, and proper Permit or proper Permits, shall on due Application be grid for the same, in like manner as if no Distrefi 'bid bees made.

AAilit.

Jt* GEO. III. C48. t

LXV. And be it further ew^ed, Th*t all Still*, StiH Head* and Stills, tec. liable

WcnoM, and ail Copper*, and all other Veflek and Utensils for distil- to Duties &o4

ling, havinjr been used in any Distillery, by what Title or Conveyance Pen, Itlf*

fomerthetae Audi be claimed, or mi bo whose Hands the same iiall

afeerwards caae, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby chawed

with all Debts due to the Crown, and Duties of acife which Audi be

in Anrar and owing by any Person for any Spirits diddled or made

wkhh such Didiilery, and ftaU also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall

km socapied or safed fccfc Didiilery, for nay Offence agaioff this

M; audit iiall be lawful is ail cases to levy such Debts, Duties,

jbaltks and Forfeitures, by Didness and Sale of such Uteohls, as it

would be lawful to docase ti>e Person owing such Debts and

Dates, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the time

fcml Proprietor of such Utensils.

UVI. And be it further ceacted, That if asy Person in Ireland Unlicensed Dif* M oake so of any StiU, Stdl Head or Worm, for distdling, or ftaH tilien.

foe or dfoal any Dow Wines, Sfogliogs or Spirits, or fall brew,

mktorlamxat my Worts, Wafoor Pot Ale wherewith, and with

fe ldcot to didUl Dow Wines, biagUags or Spirits without having

a laemoe in force wsarfmmt to Law Tor AAil Wag, every such Person

foil be denned and taken to be guilty of a Mfofenmaor; and it foaH Mifdtmeanoe.

be hwfol for mj J*uilice of the Peace re&du^r near to the Place where

fob Offcnoc fail hecorwitted, oc JLn format iao on Oath of any such

OSwce, So i&e feis Warrant for the Apprefaeafioa of such Person,

Sad SB E*waatk>B into the Complaint, to commit foth Benfat to Gafofawto aeaaaixi until delivered by AueCourfc of Law; and in safe say ladidtoeiit Audi he found again#: such Person, he or foe fall

tif Jfoasts, without basing time to Utaveifo the same; and it .{ball Wbdfor foe Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried focowtfod, to foftd such Pamdimeot on such Person for the First Qfetcn, as may by Law be iniifted on Persons gutky of Mifoe-moon, mi for fehe Second Offence tofeutence such Person so con* Second Offence* dfodSabeiimfpoFtod for the Term of Seven Years.

UfVTL And be it further enacted, That trl Penalties and For*. Recovery and idawumder tthst Act, shall be raised, levied, cofle&ed, paid, fund Application of k itcpvcaad  l applied, so foe i&nue'manner, and under such Powers Pon*hw^ aW isriboataes, wnd by such ways and methods, and according to /i\V*kb Udt1 mi Dwe&ians as are appointed, di reded and expnefled'e krfo ttdxng, ocdlecting, paying, levying and managing any Duties, arbribe Aeoosaary of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Ifajfoy&fog Charles the Second, intituled Am A8 for tie settling the

Smm itr im % v His Majesty, his Heirs and Sucujfors,

Kwfosglo foe Book of Rates therein infested, or in and by an Act

aide in the Forty frxth Yearf His present Majesty's Reign, inti- 46G j.e.zofo

tfod dm AS 4o provide for the better Execution of the federal Aids

okbqtotbe Revenues, Masters and Things under the Management of

dr Cmmifieners of Cufleau and Port Duties, and of the Commissionert

4 Idmd Eadfe and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or

ish is force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and

bob, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

hqtietf m if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the

htanedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Patties aggrieved, as ApptsL

m

A.D. 1812.

Act altered, 5cc.

47 G. 3 Sell*.2. c. 60.

43 G. 3. c.cxxir.

Per; oJ for pur-thaTtng Legal ^uayt extended.

Certain Pre-... l.^er

c. 48, 49. 52 GEO. III.

in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteent t and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, o any other or Acts as aforesaid is provided. 1

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act r laybe amendet altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be mad in this prefd Session of Parliament* f

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quay! in the Port of London: and to enable the Lords of the Treasury to purchase Buildings in Thames Itrect, for the* Purpose of erecting a new Custom House.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Period within which the

W Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of Hii

Majesty's Treasury for the time being, were remiired by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to give further time for purchasing \'be legal Quay

and Warehouses in the Port of London, to purchase the legal Quays

and Warehouses, Buildings and other Works annexed thereto, and

Dwelling Houses, Premises or other Works, as particularly mentioned and described in an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the

Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consoli dated Fund,

to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayort Alderman and Commons of the City of London, m Common Council assembled, and to empower the Lords Commissioners of Mis Mdyfiji Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London, should be further extended; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Period within which the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, are required to purchase the said legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings and other Works, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or Premises situate adjoining thereto, shall be further extended to Two Years from and after the Expiration of the Period to which the lame was extended by the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

II. And whereas the Custom House and Buildings and Premises

forming a Part thereof, in the Port of London, have been for same

time found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Trade thereof,

and are at present in a State so ruinous and dilapidated, that the

necessary Enlargement and Repair thereof could not be made with*

out creating a Chasm in the Dispatch of Commercial Business,

which would be destructive to the Merchants of Great Britain, nor

yet without incurring an Expence which could not be jullihed by the probable Duration of the Building when repaired: And whereas it is therefore expedient to erect a new Custom House in the City

of London, and for that Purpose the Purchase of certain Premises

situate in Lower Thames^ Street in ihe Tarish of Saint D unfans in the

9 4 Ea/l,

5a GEO. III. C. 49.

aSj

lM has become necessary*' Be it further enacted, That it shall Thames Street be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the iwrclufi d t r Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby required, within the new

Period of Two Years next after the passing of this Act, to purchase the federal Owners, Lessees and Occupiers of all or any of the ence> a jury lo- Dwelling Hodes, Warehouses, Buildings or Premises, the Scites of settle, which w3l be wanted for the said new Custom House, or any Part or Parts thereof, their several and respective Estates and Interests of and in the lame Premises respectively; and for that Purpose shall have all necessary and requisite Powers to contract with any Person or Persons whatsoever for such Price or Prices aa may be agreed upon; and in case of Difference, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, of any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to proceed in all respects as to empanneling a Jury, receiving Cmeyances, paying Purchase Money into the Baidt, in case of de-fedire Titles, or Refusal to execute Conveyances, and in appropriating Purchase Money awarded by the Verdict of a Jury or Juries to Corporation* and incapacitated Persons, and in abiding by any Order or Orders to be made by the Court of Chancery, in cales of such Incapacity, as is by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present 46 G. 3. c ?<), Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improve* went of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament, provided in similar cases with respect to the Craninissioners appointed by the said Act; provided that the Requi-fition, Warrant or Precept for the impannelling of a Jury shall be under the Hands of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and directed to the Sheriffs of the City of London, instead of the Sheriffs of Middlesex; and the said Sheriffs are hereby authorised, directed and required to impannel, fouanou and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries not less than Forty eight, nor more than Seventy two, to come and appear before the then next Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said City of London, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept Or Precepts shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Tvebe Men shall be drawn by the proper Officer of the said Court, in such manner as Juries for the Trial 01 Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act made in the Third Year of the 3 O.a. c. 25.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act

/orffe better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn, and the said

Jury in settling such Price or PriceB shall consider as well the good

Will and Improvements as any Injury or Damage that may affect any

Inch Person or Persons, either as Owner, Lessee or Occupier, and

vben and so soon as such Purchase Money as may have been agreed on

say have been settled by the Verdict of a Jury or Juries shall have

beenpatd to the Parties interested, or into the Bank, as the case may

be, tic Premises in respect of which such Money shall have been so L

p^Miall immediately veil in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

ndtfosaid Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury,

shall

*a6

A.D. 1812.

PrchrMoo*y

HilwttfCaH infid it od Puoi

Certain Payments for Rent tad Rate* of present Custom House fecuud.

Sx6L 71.3d. paid yearly in lieu of Parochial Rates for PremiCes in Lower Thames Street

C. 49. 52 GEO. III.

shall he and are hereby empowered and directrd 1$ pay W* Pi chase Money or Monies out of all or any of the Duties# Remand Income, composing the Fund called The Conjahdeutd Y*4*

III. And whereas the Suss of Two hundred a*d tw ty P$a*

Twelve Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny is annually p*ig

Direction of the Lords Conacoiffiourr^ of HU T

in respect of the present Custom House,#d other Premi^. c s9tiguous to or connected therewith, which by are* rn ->

and another Sum amounting to Two hundred and JW

4 Twelve Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny, 15 p*yi*

9 paid as Rates in respect of the Legal Qu^ys in Fro*n of ihf Custom House and PremiCes a fore fa id, to the reipc\*vc 4 of the Parochial and Ward Rjates and AflHbawts #n the

of Tower, aiui in the Parish of Allh allows Barking, within tW

Ward, and k is expedient, that the Payment of the same re'u

4 Annual Sums fboukl be continued Be it further

That the respective Annual Sums now paid as j&ftjresaid# dull y-and every Year for ever hereafter be paid out of Cevfofelaud C*. to the respectiwe Colltsflors, for the time being, of tfe# Rai Assessnseots to whom the same nefpefbvefy are now paid, Deduction or Abatement whatever, in the same Parte, Slw^s and v portions, on or at the same Days or Times and iw the same

the other Rates or AfleiTraeate of the C*>d Ward and Panflt lively shall for the time being be paid, fl*d 4*11 be u ft

of the Produce thereof.

IV. And whereas by rea/on of the Houses and other f> in Lower Thames Street aforesaid becoming vested ifi J4 for the public Purposes afor.esaid, Dehcieucies will be occmv*

the Produce of the Parochial and Ward AihffoneifcU awa Ri

the Parish of Saint DunjUn in the Eash and the Par kb

Mary-at-hill, and the Wards of Tower and Billingsgate*

the same are situated; and k is not coikifteot wkb fcfydfy l"

additional Burthen (build be bnposed ou the said Ward* i -9 in consequence of the Application of Preroifcs fkuMod tW*

Purposes of general public Utilky; Be k therefore further < That, from and after the Compilation of the Purchase of the 1^rnifes, according to the Provihous of this At\, the i>um <4 t \ hundred and sixteen Pounds vSever. Shillings and FU.e peace# the Amount of what was afleifed us tive Pawchial and W^wd At m nts and Rates on the said Houses ajid Buddings, according last Assessments or Rates thereof, made before the pufling of tUt*shall be paid, and the said Commissioners of the Cidioms are authorised and directed yearly and every Year for eirer hereaft -pay the respective Cutic&er or Coiletlors for the time jbeing.' same Rates or AflWTmeDts respectively, suit of Covfoj>da*ed cV-without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, in the same 1 -Shares and Propositions, on or at the same Days or Times, in the manner and for the same Purposes us the same or tjhe lilfce reiper Assessments and Rates shall for the time being be paid# and & considered as Part of the Produce thereof.

V. And whereas the present Custom House heuig pupuc Prop*'

is by Law exempt from the Payment of ah Rutes and Aflehi and the said PreraiCes in Lower Thames Street about to he chased under and by virtue of this Act, will be when the bwe

AJLIII*. 5afGHO.nL 0.49, 5a.17

k became public Property also exempt from the Payment of ill i JUtaft tod Aflefikneats Be it further enacted, That, from and after Th present tad t kid Fifth Day of April the skid present Custom House, and after new Custom At Ceftykrios of the Purchase thereof, the said Pretnifa in Lower H^use exempt IhaD be and be deemed and considered to be, to all latent! and Forpoks, free and exempt from the Payment of all and Sfi bum' of Rates and Assessmsnts, ahhoogh the same and each and My of tie kid Preonfes may become private Property by the Sale fr Aiptmat thereof to Individuals, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. L

An Act to continue until Three Months after the Commence* sent of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act if (be lift Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Ikmfigo for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm torn being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the cur-wot Vske of such Coin, for preventing any Note or Bill of die Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any (mailer Sum than the Sum therein Ipecilied \ and for flaying Proceedings upon any Distress by tender of such Notes $ and to extend the same to Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed fa the Fifty first Year of the Reign 510.3. c. 117. i W of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making mart

dfanl Pnvifin for preventing the current Gold Coin of the Realm

i bang paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value

if fink Cm 1 for preventing any 1Vote or Bill of the Governor and

bmpaej of the Bank of England from teing received for any fmaUet 'Station tie Sum therein Jfieeijtedt and for Ihying Proceedings upon

eey Dftnjs ky tender of fieck Nous: And whereas it 19 expedient tbs the &<1 Ad (horde be continued and amended, and extended 1 to Inland? Be it thotriwre unaded by the King's Most Excellent Afcfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual tod TitBporai, and Commons, in this present Partkroent assembled,

tod by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the parting Current Gold d tfca Ad, no Perfofi shall receive or pay, for any Gold Coin law- Coin not received UytiVteoi within the United Kingdom, any more in Value, Benefit, " pa, d forvmort falter Advantage, than the true lawful Value which such Gold eue* CAfah or dull by iu Denomination import, whether such Value, hoik, ftofit or Advantage, be paid, made or taken m lawful Money,

Y t pn4 or taken in Great Britain, in any Note or Notes, Bill or Bflb it the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in toy Silver Token or Tokens, issued by the said Governor and Com-

S, or if paid or taken in Ireland in any Note or Notes, Bill or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or in any Shir Token or Tokens issued by the said loft mentioned Governor nl Company, or by any or all of the said Means, >rhoUy or partly, other Means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoeverj tod retry Person who shall offend herein,shall be deemed and ad*

VkfA guilty of a Misdemeanor $ and being thereof convicted by due Mtfdemeanw. Wrfeof Lr, flwtf UtSttSi* Month* Imprisotment, and find Sara.

ties

In what case Ckrk of the

hace to certify Acner Convic-

r

v

Umments not |0 he travericd.

Ofl Prosecution it than not be Mceflary to prove the Money good and lawful.

wr<

C.$q. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 181N

ties for hit or her good Behaviour for One Year mon, to be comput from the End of the said Six Months; and if the Tame Person 9k afterwards be convicted a Second time of the like 0 (Fence, such R son shall for such Second Offence suffer One Yeai's Imprisonma and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour foi One Year mo to be computed from the End of the said last menl ioned Year; 1 if the same Person shall afterwards offend against tfa is Ad, and & by due Course of Law be convicted of any subseque it Offence, b (he shall be iiqprisoned for the Term of Two Yesrs for every fu| subsequent Offence. 1

II. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person {bill convicted of receiving or paying any such Gold Coii, contrary to tl said recited Act or this Act, and shall afterwards be guilty of tl like Offence, the Clerk of the Assize, or Clerk of i he Peace for tk County, City or Place where such Conviction was so had, shall, the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other Person on His Majesty1 Behalf, certify such Conviction; for which Certificate Two Shilling and Six pence, and no more, shall be paid; and such Certificate being produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person against whoa any Bill of Indictment shall be found, at any Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, for any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, shall be entitled to traverse the same to any subsequent Assizes or Sessions; but the Court at which such Bill of Indictment shall be found, shall forthwith proceed to try the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be found, unless he or they shall shew good Cause to be allowed by the Court, why his, her or their Trial should be postponed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on any Prosecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be prosecuted or tried for any Offence against the said recited Act or this Att, it shall not be necessary to prove that the Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or any or either of them, received or paid for any such Gold Coin, are respectively good, lawful and current Money of this Realm, or good, valid and effectual Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or that the same Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, are respectively of the Value they on the Face of them import; but that such Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, shall be deemed and taken to be good, valid and effectual respectively, and of the respective Values which on the Face of them they import, until the contrary shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Judge, Justice or Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be prosecuted or tried respectively; nor shall it be necessary in any such Prosecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be prosecuted or tried for any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, to prove that the Gold Coin received or purchased contrary to the said recited Act or this Act, is the current Gold Coin of this Realm, but the same shall be deemed and taken so to be, if paid or received as such, until the contrary thereof shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge, Justice or Court before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be prosecuted or tried.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 50.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, by any Means,

Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever, receive or pay in Great Britain, any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or receive or pay in Ireland any Note or Notes, BiBor Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for Ws than the Amount of lawful Money expressed therein, and to be thereby made payable; except only lawful Discount on such Note or Bill as shall not be expressed to be payable on Demand; and every Person who shall offend herein shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being t hereof convicted by due Course of Law {hah be subject to a Fine of Double the Amount of the Sum of Money specified in such Bill or Note, and made payable thereby, and Bull suffer Imprisonment for a time not exceeding Two Mouths.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any Person shall proceed by Distrefi or Poinding to recover from any Tenant or other Person liable to such Distress or Poinding, any Rent or Sum of Money due from such Tenant or other Person, it shall be lawful for such Tenant or other Person, in every such case, in Great Britain, to tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in Ireland to tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, expeefled to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of such Rent or Sam (b doe, together with the Amount of such Cods as shall have been incurred by such Distress, either alone or together, with a fuf-bbeat Sum of lawful Money, to the Person on whose Behalf such Distrefi or Poinding is made, or to the Officer or Person making such Distrefi or Poinding on his Behalf; and in case such Tender shall be accepted, or in case such Tender shall be made and refused, the Good* taken in such Distress or Poinding shall be forthwith returned to the Party distrained upon or against whom such Poinding shall have been used, unless the Party distraining or poinding, and refusing to accept such Tender, shall infill that a greater Sum is due than the Sum so tendered, and in such case the Parties shall proceed as usual in such cases; but if it shall appear that no more was due than the Sum so tendered, then the Party who tendered such Sum shall be entitled to the Cost* of all subsequent Proceedings: Provided always, that the Person to whom such Rent or Sum of Money shall be due shall have acd be entitled to all such other Remedies for the Recovery thereof, exclusive of Distress or Poinding, and exclusive of Ejectment for any Forfeiture which shall have been incurred by Non-payment of such Rent, as such Person had or was entitled to at the time of making such Distress or Poinding, if such Person shall not think proper to accept such Tender so made as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Right of any Tenant or other such Person as aforesaid having Right, to replevy or recover the Goods so taken in Distress or Poinding, in case without making such Tender is aforesaid he shall so think fit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Sum or Sums of Money is or are required, ordered, directed, decreed or adjudged to be paid, under or by virtue of any Rule, Order, Proof*, Judgment, Decree or other Proceeding of or in any Court of law or Equity or other Court, in any Part of the United Kingdom, why any Law, Usage or Practice of any Court, is or arc allowed to bepid for the Haying of Proceedings, by any Party or Parties, Per-foerpersons, to-any other Party or parties, Person or Persons, or

into

289

Notes of Bank of England, or Bank of Ireland, not received or paid for left thin their Value.

Misdemeanor.

Proceedings for Distress, fcc. flayed if Payment is tendered in Bank Notes.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Bank of England Notes in G. B. and Bank of Ireland Notes in Ireland, good Payment to Officers, of any Court, or by Officers out of any Court on any Procefo

A.D. 1812.

490 c.jo. $29gzo. in.

into any Court* or into the Hands of any Officer nr Officer* of toy Court as aforesaid, such Payment of such Sum or Stunt of Money a aforesaid, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bask ef England, if the same shall be made ia Great Britain, or in Nolo the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if the fan* Hal be made in Ireland, the same respectively being payable on Dnassi to the Amount therein expressed, shall be deemed and taken to W good and sufficient Payments in the Law, of the Sum or Sums so required, ordered, directed, deemed or adjudged to be paid; and is ail cases in which any Money shall be payable out of any fneb Court or Courts, or by any Officer or Officers thereof, or of any of them, h the Discharge of his or their Duty as such Officer or Officers, Payment of the Sums so payable out of such Court or Courts, or by fob Officer or Officers, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in Great Britain, or in Notes of the Govern* and Company of the Bank of Irelandr, if in Ireland, ( such Note* respedirely being payable on Demand, to the Amount in such Nolo expressed), shall be taken and deemed to be good and suffickat Payments in the Law.

Bnk of England

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases ia whieb aay Note* in G B. Sum or Sums of Money is or are required to be raised or levied m Uiul^ote^in^" Execution an7 Judgment or Decree, or by virtue of any Procek Ireland taken by or Procerding whatever of any Court of Law or Equity, or other OfficersofCourtt Court, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or under any Distrekor levying under Proceeding for the Recovery of any Rent, or of any Penalty or Fcr-

Proctis. feiture to be raised or levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods or

Chattels, it shall be lawful far the Officer or Officers, whokDuty it shall be to raise or levy such Sum or Sums of Money, to accept Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if such Money is to be raised or levied in Great Britain, or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if such Money is to be raised or levied in Ireland, such Notes respectively being payable oa Demand to the Amount in such Notes expressed, in Payment tod Satisfaction of the Sumo so to be raised and levied; and fuckOficer or Officers shall not be compelled or compellable to pay the Amount of the Sums so to be levied or raised, or aay Part thereof, to aay Prrson or PeHons, or into any Court, otherwise than in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in Great Britt, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if in Ireland; and after such raifuig and levying as aforesaid, it shall sot be competent by any further Proceeding against the Party or Perfoi from whom such Sum or Sums was or were due, or his Effecti or Eft ate, to compel the raising or levying such Sum or Sums, or so much thereof as shall have been raised and levied and paid ia such Notes as aforesaid.

Notes indotied

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That io all fuel Sy Person paying cases as aforesaid, every Person paying any such Notes into any Court, them, and veri- or |nto tjje Hands of any Officer of any Court, in manner aforesaid,

tobeiLnkNote* or to fcn7 ^er^on rai^ng or levying any Money under any Diirek, or under the Authority of any Court as aforesaid, shall, if required, indorse the Notes so paid, and also specify the Causes, Proceeding or Distress, in or under which the same shall be paid, and dull iito, if required, verify the fane to be Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in England, or to be Notes of the 3 Governor

52 GEO. III. C. 50, 51.

291

Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if in Ireland, by

lavit, dating, that the Notes so paid or to be paid are, to the of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person paying the same, lotes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or I the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as the case By be; and every Person so indotfingany such Notes shall be liable pay to the Person to whom the same are paid out of any Court, by aay Officer aforesaid, or under any Distress, the full Amount Foe Sam expressed in any of such Notes which may prove to be i, if any such Note or Notes shall be forged Notes.

Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who Scotland.

1 commit in Scotland any Offence against this Act, which, by the fifions thereof, is constituted a Misdemeanor, shall be liable to fcne Fine, Penalty and Punishment, as are prescribed for the like ce in England.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act Continuance of I Continue and be in force to and until Three Months after the ement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LI.

t to provide for the more speedy Examination, controul-\ and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS the Means hitherto used for the auditing of Military Accounts in Ireland, have proved inefficient; and it Klieceihry to make other Provisions for that Purpose; Be it there-\ eoa&ed by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with*' and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority t same. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his His Majesty may \ and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of appoint Three to nominate and appoint from time to time such Persons as he^Xar shall think proper, not exceeding Three Persons at anyone Accounts/ frto be Commimonem of Military Accounts in Ireland.

And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may by such Salaries.

[Proviso.]

1 Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therein named owing Salaries and Allowances; that is to say: To the Senior said Commissioners for the time being, who shall be stiled the Dommiffiooer, a Salary of One thousand Pounds per Annum; and \ other Two Commissioners a Salary of Eight hundred Pounds ' ttm each; which Salaries respectively shall be clear of all Fees dudions, and shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of (^by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing Ice of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of fcikbout any other Warrant or Authority for the same: Pro- fdwajs, that in case the Person at present holding the Office " t of Army Accounts in Ireland shall be appointed to the First Commissioner, it shall and may be lawful to and I Person to continue to have, receive and enjoy the Salary and ftts attached to the said Office of Comptroller of Army S in lieu of the said Salary of One thousand Pounds per An-bbeptid and payable in like manner and under the like Autho-ftfah Salary is hereby made payable*

A.D. 1812.

*9*

Commissioner* Hoc to tit in Parliament.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Secretary and Officers;

and direct Payment of Salaries, Ike.

Oath of Office.

Oath.

Before whom taken, by CommHHonen and Officers.

Quorum.

Reputation sufficient Evidence ef Appointment,

C. 5t. 52 GEO. III.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of fitting as a Member in the House of Commons.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Govct* nors of If eland for the time being, to appoint a Secretary, and such Officers, Assistants, Clerks and Attendants, with such Salaries as he or they shall think proper, to aid, assist and attend on the said Commissioners in the Business of their said Office, and to follow the Directions of the said Commissioners in all things relating to the Business of the said Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, may allow such Sums as to him or them shall seem fit, from time to time for the Salaries of the several Officers, Clerks and other Persons to be from time to time employed under the said Commissioners, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in their Office for auditing the hfili-tary Accounts, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, under the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (o to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Persons employed by and acting under them, before they shall enter upon the Execution of their respective Offices, shall take au Oath, the Form whereof shall be at followeth; that is to say

J A* B.

[addin? the Name of his Office] do swear. That according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impar- tially and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vetted in me by virtue of the said Office.'

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioneri respectively shall and may take the said Oath before any of the Barnes of the Exchequer in Ireland, and that the said inferior Officers and Persons respectively shall and may take the same before the said Commissioners, or any of them, and that the said Barons and Commissiotiers respectively are hereby authorised to administer the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases not otherwise expressly directed or provided, all and every Authority vetted or to be vetted in, and all and every Act and Acts directeclor authorised to be done by the said Commissioners, shall and may be exercised and done by any Two of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial or in any Proceeding whatsoever. Civil or Criminal, Legal o; Equitable, any

r Question shall arise concerning the Appointment o*Qualification of any of the said Commissioners, or of any Officer or Person under them, or his or their Right to hold, exercise or enjoy such Office, it shall be sufficient to all Intents and Purposes, to prove that at the time in Question such Person was reputed to be such Commissioner or other Officer, and it shall not be necessary to prove or produce any Appointment or Qualification.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO-in. C.$t.

X. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall xanmie, controul, audit and fettje all Army, Barrack, Commissariat, nd other Military Accounts of every Description, in Ireland, save tnd except Ordnance Accounts, and also save and except the Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful attoy time, or from time to time, to and for the Lord Lieu-tanst or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to order that the said Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts, or any of them, shall from Mttceforth be audited and settled by the said Commissioners; and that from and after the Date of every such Warrant the Account or [Uroonts therein mentioned respectively shall be examined, contacted, audited and settled by the said Commissioners of Military Accounts, and not otherwise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful far the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of /nU, for the time being, whenever he or they shall judge the same expedient, and in such manner and under such Rules, Orders and Buedions, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-femor* of Ireland shall from time to time direct and establish, to mkr any Persons concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of Public Honey, for or on account of any Service or Matter of any Military Jiture, to furnish due and proper Accounts of the same to be laid kfbie the said Commissioners, to be by them examined and finally djafted and settled.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners rader this Act shall and may from and after the Commencement of his Ad proceed on all and every or any such Accounts as aforesaid, ihich shall be depending and undecided by and before the Comptroller of Army Accounts, or the Commissioners of tmpreft Accounts, a the same manner in all respects as if the said Accounts and the Examination thereof respectively had proceeded so far before them-sches; and that all Vouchers, Accounts and Papers in the Pofll-ffion nr Office of the Comptroller of Army Accounts, shall and may be fended over and delivered to the said Commissioners, and shall remain Q their Office,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Ac-samta aforesaid shall from time to time be examined and audited as dortfeid, as often as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think fit to direct the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Auditor Gene-or other proper Officer shall pay, issue or deliver to any Person or Persons whomsoever, Money for Public Services of a Military Ifatait by way of Imprest, or on account, then and in every such case fcchOfficer shall, within Three Calendar Months after the Twenty farth Day of December in every Year and also whenever he shall be tJfcftto required by Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, Or lay Two of them, transmit to the said Commissioners a Certificate M all and every Sum and Sums so paid, issued and delivered, or [dttrged by him within the preceding Year, or for such Period as wd be mentioned in such Notice, together with the Name and fcfcrr ption of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have b*ttmpe65vdy paid, ifloed, delivered or charged, and the said Com-U a missioners

*93

What Accounts Commissioners shall audit.

Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts au- dited by Coro-millioaeis.

Persons receiving Money for Military Fur-pofiss to account before such CommitUooer*

Commissioners may proceed in Accounts begun before Comptroller of Army Accounts, &c.

Accounts audited when Lord LieutenanC shall direct.

Auditor General to fend Accounts to Commissioners of Stuns issued by him.

294 &5i* 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Commissioness subject to Orders of Lord Lieutenant.

Accountants to deliver to Commissioners Account of Receipts and Payments.

CoramHBoners to call on Accountants to account.

On Default of

Accountant, Commissioners after Notice may proceed peremptorily to audit Accounts in his Office.

missioners shall thereupon without any Delay take the same into Coo* fi deration.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Military Accounts shall be subject to such Regulations not contrary to Law as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall from time to time direct and eda-blish; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to make and efiablifti Rules, Orders and Directions for the Purposes aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to account before the said Commissioners, shall within Three Calendar Months at the lated after they shall be required so to do by Notice in Writing subscribed by the said Commissioners or any Two of them, deliver into and transmit to the Office of the said Commissioners an Account Current of all Sums of Money received and paid by them for the Period mentioned in such Notice, together with the Vouchers for such Receipts or Payments, accompanied by a Schedule of the same, signed by the Accountant or Accountants.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionera shall and may a & often as they shall think (it, call upon all Accountants or other Persons tQ whom or to whose Order or Care any Public Money for which such Persons shall be accountable to toe said Commissioners, shall be or shall have been issued or entruRed, to account to them the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Expenditure or Issue thereof within a time to be by them limited; and on the Failure of the Accounts being delivered accordingly within the time so limited, the said Commissioners shall, in every case where they shall see Cause, give Notice thereof to His Majesty's Attorney General in England or Ireland, His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or His Majesty's Attorney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as the case may require, in ordqr that such Motions, Suits, Bills or Process may be made, inRituted, filed or issued by the said Officer against any such Defaulter as may be necessary to compel him to deliver in his Accounts as directed by the bid Commissioners, unless upon Application of the Parties, Rating some special and sufficient Cause of Delay, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall grant his or their Warrant to Ray the Proceedings for such reasonable time or tunes as he or they shall think fit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Accountant or Accountants shall fail to deliver such Accounts pursuant to such Requisition, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper so to do, to cause a Notice, signed by any Two of the said Commissioners for the time being, to be served on such Accountant or Accountants that the said Commissioners will proceed peremptorily to audit the Accounts of such Accountant or Accountants, or auy Part thereof, that may be mentioned in such Notice, on a Day to be therein mentioned, not ltfs than One Calendar Month from the Service of such Notice, and thereupon such Commissioners shall proceed to audit such Account or Accounts accordingly, whether any Accounts shall have been then furniftied as aforesaid or not, or whether such Accountant or Accountants shall attend or not, and the said Commissioners shall charge such Accountant or

Account-

i8n.

52Geo. m. c. 51. 2pj

untants with all Payments made from or under His Majesty's 'ury in Ireland, to him, hei- or them, as to his, her or their r, and if such Accountant or Accountants shall not produce prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners any Dif-je, such Commissioners shall thereupon allow the Whole of the

[Proviso.]

so charged as a Balance against such Accountant or Account-Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the

[Joramissioners to postpone from time to time, as often as they fee good Cause for lo doing, the final auditing of any such unt.

[. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Commissioners if them shall and they are hereby empowered to enquire into all msy inquire into t and fraudulent or improper Practices or other Misconduct in ^u^Ex^en-0^ xpenditure. Application, or ordering or accounting for, issuing diturc ja j)if-bring all and singular or any of the said Monies, and they shall charge, dude or suffer to remain or be included in the Discharge Part Account which shall be at any time stated by them, any c of Expenditure which shall not appear to them to be agree-

the Intention or Import of the Trull reposed or legal Powers a the Parties so accounting.

[. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioner* ithout any further Requisition as soon as possible after their rep^ to lination and proceeding on any Matter committed to their ^ParUamSnu1 ntion, give an Account thereof in Writing under the Hands ils of them or any Two of them to the Lord Lieutenant or Ihicf Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being,

to either House of Parliament, and they shall report there-hatDefe&s, Frauds or Illegalities shall have been observed their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, ewife such Regulations as they shall in their Judgment deem atto be observed and adopted for the better directing, en-and securing the honest, just and effectual Expenditure of [flbes of Money for the said several or firailar Purposes, or them.

I. And be it further enacted, That in all cases, where upon Embesxlements, imination of the Account of any Commissary, Storekeeper, or &c: charged erson for the Receipt, Expenditure or Delivery of any Public Comra, '"

or any Provisions or Stores the Property of His Majesty, ane Commissioners shall be of Opinion that any Articles have been led, wacted, loft, damaged or destroyed by the wilful Miscon-Neglect of any such Commissary, Storekeeper, or other Perry shall, after the Examination of such Evidence as they may leceffaiy to ascertain the Value of such Articles, charge the ifeowith such Sum as in their Judgment shall be the Amount Loft which shall have thereby accrued to the Publick.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioners for the said Commissioners of Military Accounts, or any Two 'na> CJ1|i Parties for the time being, and they are hereby required to call before w^B^oksand he several Persons who have at any time received from His Vow.hers. ftTreasury any Public Money for any of the Purposes afore-aHb the several Persons to whom any Money has been granted topriated for any of the said Purposes, and the Successors, to and Administratora of such Persons respectively, and to 5 them to give an Account of the Expenditure of the said U3

A.D. 1812.

Commissioners may examine on Oath all Parties concerned in Expenditure of Money granted.

Parties in Confinement may be bruinht by Habeas Coijms be-f ore Commissionr ers to be examined*

C. 5i. 52 GEO. III.

Monies, and to exhibit to the said Commissioners all such Account*, Certificates, Warrants of Expenditure, Books, Muniments or Bill* whatsoever, as shall touch or concern the Receipt or Expenditure of such Money, or the Charge or Discharge of the Accounts thereof, and as shall be and remain in their Hands or Custody, and to examine upon Oath, (which Oath any One of them is hereby empowered to administer) the said several Persons touching the several Items thereof, or any Entries therein, and touching any Matters relative to the Receipt, Expenditure or Non-Expenditure of the said Money.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionm, or any Two of them, shall also have full Power and Authority, wd they are hereby authorised and required to call before them, and examine upon Oath all Persons who have, or who they shall have reason to believe have any Knowledge of the receiving, expending, disbursing or in any wise accounting for, entering, paying or managing any of the Monies of which they are or shall at any time be duly authorised to state or settle Accounts; and likewise to call before them and examine upon Oath all Persons whom they shall think proper, for the Purpose of enquiring into the Honesty of the Expenditure of all such Monies, where to any of such Monies have been or ought to have been applied, and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them as often as they shall think proper, all Accounts. Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers and Writings of what Nature soever, and in whosoever Custody they may be, which in any wise touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Disposal or Management of the said Monies; and to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer] all Persons whom they shall think proper, touching the State, Custody, Entries or Items in such Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, or of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ at their Discretion to grant a Writ of Hdm Corpus to bring up any Person or Persons confined in any Gaol, Prison or Place of Confinement in Ireland^ to be examined before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, touching any Matter of Account which shall be then depending before the said Commissioners, and every such Person shall be so brought up accordingly, the Sum required by him in every such case being firm duly tendered, and shall be brought and detained before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them from Day to Day, and from Hour to Hour, as often and as long as they shall find necessary for the Purposes of such Examination, and at the-Close thereof shall be carried back to the same Prison or Place of Confinement, or otherwise disposed of according to Law, and none of the said Matters shall be deemed or taken to be an Escape; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enquire into, afeettain, and allow the nect fiary Expeoces of so bringing and keeping every such Person in such Attendance, and of taking him or her back to such Prison or Place of Confinement; and that such Expenses being so allowed and certified by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall be paid as Part of the Expences of the said Office.

1812.

*97

52 GEO. III. C. 51.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners ^ommissioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant, any ma-v alUw Pjy-on any Account of Expenditure that hath been or shall be in- wriaen'^ouch-d, although no written Voucher of the actual Payment of such ers. lhaD be produced to them in case where upon Statements of the Or on imperfect ooaUnts rendered on Oath, and after sufficient Enquiry the said Vouchers, tmissionere shall be satisfied that such Sums shall have been actually properly disbursed for the Public Service; and that all due fence shall have been used by the Accountant to procure such her; and whenever a Voucher produced or to be produced by Accountant for any Accounts, shall be defective from the Want y Certificate or other Document which ought to accompany Voucher, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners upon f to their Satisfaction that the Accountant did not wilfully neglect ocure such Certificate or Document; and that the Sumspecified t Voucher shall have been actually and properly disbursed forubfic Service to admit such Voucher a6 a sufficient Discharge e hid Accountant, and to allow the Amount of the same to his it: Provided always, that in all cases where any Sum exceeding Allowances Vf Pounds shall be allowed to the Credit of any Accountant, aliove 3d. cn- without any written Voucher, or upon an imperfect Voucher, Lieutenant.^'articular* and Amount of such Allowances shall be specified to #ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire-in the Statement of the Account in which such Allowances may ade, in order that the same may be considered and con firmed or awed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-n of Ireland for the time being, previous to the Declaration j such Account.

SVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Examination On Examination I such Persons, Books, Papers and other Matters as they shall Commissioners proper, the said Commissioners shall make full, perfect and just Accoums and rants or Declarations of the Accounts of all Persons who are deliver Copy to act be at any time accountable to them, which Accounts shall Accountant, tb the Sum and Substance thereof in Charge and Discharge, or fir of Debtor and Creditor, and they shall cause to be made a r thereof to be given to the Party or Parties accountable.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any Lord Lieutenant Account shall have been so fully examined and audited by empowered to aid Commissioners, and that any Sum or Item in the Discharge relieve against shall have been disallowed, it shall and may be lawful to and by^ommiSioL he Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of ers. ml for the time being, at any time within Three Calendar Months the Date of such auditing, to order the said Commissioners the time being to slate, for the Information of the Lord Lieu-Hor other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time the Grounds and Cause of such Disallowances, whereupon the 1 Commissioners for the time being, or any Two of them, shall iwith make a Report under their Hands in Obedience to such fcr; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the e being, at any time within Six Calendar Months after the Date i*h Report, to order by Warrant under Hand and Seal that every j such Items or Item or any Part thereof respectively shall be ifid thereupon the same shall be so allowed, and shall be U 4 brought

J$8

Account* audited by Commissioners final.

Relief of Accountants not in Ireland at time of auditing Accounts.

Vouchers deft royed or given up.

Parties summoned refusing to attend.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Affirmation of Quakers allowed.

C. 5I.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

brought forward by and allowed to such Person accordingly in his her next Account.

XXIX. And it further enacted, That where any Account have been so audited by the said Commissioners, the same shall be and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, fare only for as the same may be altered in manner aforesaid by the Lord w tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the being in manner aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the of auditing any such Account by the said Commissioners, any Accountant therein shall be absent from Ireland\ then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord L or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time at any time within Three Calendar Months after the Return of Person to Ireland, to order the said Commissioners to state the of any such Disallowance as aforesaid, and thereupon such R<

shall and may be made by the said Commissioners, and such  quest Proceedings had, as if such Order had been issued within time aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe ful to and for the said Commissioners to destroy or cause to be stroyed any Voucher or Vouchers which shall remain in their at any time after Fifteen Years from the Date thereof, and also it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners on ing an Order m Writing for the Purpose from the Lord Lieul or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tune to hand over and deliver up to the Person or Persons mentioned that Purpose in such Order, any Voucher or Vouchers whats< that may be in their said Office, and which shall be specified or reeled in such Order.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person

summoned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of the said fiuners, or any Two of them, to appear before the said Commii touching any of the Matters aforesaid, to give Evidence or wife, or to exhibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Munintttf Bill, Plan, Paper or Writing in his or her Custody, Power or W session, according to the Terms of such Summons, or to answeraj1 Question on Oath, which shall be lawfully proposed to him or her' any of the said Commissioners, touching any matter or thing a* they shall then be empowered to examine into, every such Person forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Re to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction any Person who shall sue for the same; and if any of the said Ma or any Part thereof shall have been received by or paid to such 1 or to any One to whom such Person is Successor, Executor ot Administrator, such Person so neglecting or refusing shall not odf5 forfeit the like Sum for every Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered kl like manner, but such Process shall likewise issue out of His Majestjft Court of Exchequer against him or her, upon Complaint madebefof*' the said Couit, as is usual against Debtors to His Majesty, whordMH or neglect to account. I

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in whidH an Oath shall be required, >or directed or authorised to be takes ! before the said Commissioners, or any One or more of then, the

Affirnidoa

12*

299

5a0 GEO. III. C-51, 52.

on of a Quaker shall be received as and for and in lieu of i, and shall be of the same Force? Validity and Effect, to*and Purposes as such Oath,

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall; of this or any Act or Acts of Parliament, take or make h or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or any of tall wilfully falsely take any such Oath or Affirmation, be iwfully convicted, he or she so offending shall, for every such incur and suffer such Penalties, Pains and Disabilities as Periled of wilful and corrupt Penury shall then by any Laws

0 Ireland be liable unto 5 or if any Person or Persons shall procure or fuborc any other Person to take such false Oath

nation, and the Person or Persons so procuring or suborning hereof convicted, every Person so offending mall, for every ace, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and es, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury shall be

1 onto.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of any ion, Chanty or Public Establishment whatsoever, shall refute y neglect to obey any Summons or Order issued by the said were, or any Two of them, to appear before to exhibit or lay em, any Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, pere or Writings, which shall be in his Custody or Possession, wtr upon OaUi any Question which shall be lawfully pro-him by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, every cer shall, for every such Offence, not only forfeit the Penalty ore imposed, but shall be likewise declared, and shall be in-f holding his said Office any longer.

/I. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every lad Thing therein contained, shall begin and have Effect after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after ij thereof, and not sooner.

m. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall and may ltd, altered or repealed, during the present Session of Parlia-

CAP. LII.

to provide for the speedy and regular Examination and t of the Public Accounts of Irelattd; and to repeal cer-ormer Acts relating thereto.

[5th May 1812.]

HERE A 8 it is expedient that divers Acts relating to the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland mould be d, and that more effectual Provisions should be made for the 1 Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts in Ire- Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Dporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Par-of Ireland, in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of ign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the due ac-for all Money granted for Publick Works y Charities and It therein mentioned; and for the ordering a regular Account in of oR Monies minified to the Corporation for carrying on the

Inland

Perjury on falfo Oath or Affirmations.

Officers of Corporations, Stc. refuting to attend Summonses of Commissioners.

[Penalty.]

Commencement

of Ad.

Act amended,

Sec.

13 &4 G. 3. (!) c. 16.

300

A.D. 1812.

5 0.J.(I.)

c. 63.

38 G. 3.(1.) c. 56. and 46 G. 3. c. 95. 6. repealed.

His Majesty may appoint Five Commissioners ol' Accounts in Ireland.

Salaries.

Commissioners shall not Gt in Parliament.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Secretary and Officers;

C. 52. 52 GEO. III.

Inland Navigation, the Trustees of the Limn Manufacture, the Dubfci Society, the Corporation for paving the Streets of Dublin, and for dim Purposes therein mentioned; another Act passed in the said Parlianfefl of Ireland, in the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, to any into further Effect the said recited Act of the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years; a certain other Act passed in the said PaW ment of Ireland, in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Maiefy intituled an Act for the better Regulation and Examination of Pdtk Accounts; and so much of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year d His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more eftQodty regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor, and the Muttf* ment of Infirmaries aruf Hospitals in Ireland; as provides that the Commissioners of {mpreft Accounts shall annually audit and settle the Accounts of the County Infirmaries, and other Infirmaries and Hak pitals of Royal and Public Foundation in Ireland, shall, ffttf* tad after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, Hand and be repealed, save so far as the lame relpeiftwty may abolish any former Office or Authority, or grant aiTy Cottpeflfa* tion or Benefit for or in Consideration thereof, and five as to wf Proceeding for or towards the Recovery of any Penalty, or the Pui nishment of any Offence, which shall have been incurred or committed under or against any of the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the| Great Seal of Ireland, to nominate and appoint, from time to limed such Persons as he of they shall think proper, not exceeding Five Persons at any one time, to be Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therd*| named respectively, the following Salaries and Allowances; that iij to say, To the Senior of the said Commissioners for the time being, who shall be styled the First Commissioner, a Salary ot One thousand Pounds per Annum, and to the other Commissioners a Salary of Eight hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries respectively shall be clear of all Fees and Deductions, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, ot Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, without further Warrant in that respect.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by rfrtue of this Act, shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a Secretary, and such Officers, Assistants, Clerks and Attendants, with such Salaries as he or they shall think proper, to aid, assist and attend ou the said Commissioners in the Business of their said Office, and to follow the Directions of the said Commissioners in all Things relating to the Buh-ness of the said Office, such Salaries to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

A.D. 1812.

301

52 GEO. III. C. 5*.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant, ord direct Pay-ftlcr Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, nient of Salaries, lay allow such Sums as to him or them shall seem fit, from time to

ime, for the Salaries of the several Officers, Clerks and other Persons to be from time to time employed under the said Commissionera, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in their Office for auditing the Pufcfic Accounts, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ircl&Jhy the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, under the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, Tl at the said Commissioners so Oath Office, to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Persons employed by and under

them, before they ffiail enter upon the Execution of their several Offices, shall take an Oath, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth \ that is to say,

1 if B.

[adding his Name of Ofieel do swear, That, according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts veiled in me hr virtue of the said Office.*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners re- Before whom

spectively shall and may take the said Oath before any of the Barons Com-

et' the Exchequer i Ireland, and that the said inferior Officers and officer!"

Persons respectively shall and may takethe same before the said Com-

uriffionen, or any One of them; and the said Barons and Commissioners respectively are hereby authorised to administer the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases not otherwise ex- Quorum. pressly directed or provided, all and every Authority veiled, or to be

veiled in, and all and every Act and Acts directed or authorised to W done by the said Commissioners, shall and may be exercised and done by any Three of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial, or in any Reputation fuf-Proceeding whatsoever, Civil or Criminal, Legal or Equitable, any ficient Evidence Question mall arise concerning the Appointment or Qualification of of Appointment, any of the said Commissioners, or of any Officer or Person under

them, or his or her Right to hold, exercise or enjoy such Office, it fall be Efficient, to all Intents and Purposes, to prove, that at the time in quefikm such Person was reputed to be such Commissioner or other Officer; and it shall not be necessary to prove or produce any Appointment or Qua) ideation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which Sums iflu*d by fall have been or shall at any time or times hereafter be granted by Pa^lial^nt Parliament, or issued out of His Maie fly's Treasury in Ireland, for ^oumedfo? the Improvement of any Part of Ireland, by erecting Piers, forming before Com-Ciflds, making Rivers navigable, building Churches, Colleges, missioners. School?, Gaols, or any other public Works or Edifices, maintaining

Charities, Hospitals or Infirmaries, widening or forming new Streets,

Roads or Bridges, rendering Harbours more commodious, or efta-tHhing Coal Yards in any Part of Ireland, or building, erecting.

Baling or promoting any other Works of public Utility, or of a tcbiic Nature, shall be duly and regularly accounted for before the WCaswuflioners under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Inland NavJga-fontime to time enquire into the Receipt and Expenditure of all p"jDu

Money

Foundling Hof. pita), & c. Dublin and Charter Schools.

Linen Manufacture, Dublin Society.

Public Infirmaries and Hof-pitals.

Matters to be done by or to Commissioner* of Imprest Accounts shall refer to Com m illioners under Act. Proceedings before former Commissioners continued by New Commissioners.

K

C.J2-

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Money heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted to the tion for promoting and carrying on the Inland Navigation in In and shall also from time to time examine, audit and settle the counts of the Corporation for preferring and improving the Port Dublin.

XIII. And whereas the Foundling Hospital of the City 0

Dublin, the Hibernian and Marine Hospitals, Saint Patrick'1 lid

pital, and House of Industry in the said City, and the Protefba c Charter Schools, are maintained principally by Publick Grants mi

Appropriations; Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also from time to time examine, audit and settle the Accounts of the respective Governors, Guardians or Trustees thereo respectively.

XIV. And whereas various Sums have been granted from timt

to time, and annual Revenues appropriated to the Trustees of th

Linen Manufacture and to the Dublin Society; 9 Be it enacted That the said Commissioners shall examine, audit and settle from tua to time the Accounts of the said Trustees and of the said Society: Provided always, that such Examination of the Accounts of the faH Society shall be made only so long as the same shall receive any Parliamentary Grants of Public Money, and until the last of such Grant! shall be fully accounted for and no longer.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners unda this Act shall and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine, audit and settle the Accounts of the several County Infirmaries in Ireland, and of the several other Infirmaries and Hospitals of Royal or Publick Foundation in 1 relandt and of the Receipt and Expenditure, and of the Debts and Credits of all such Infirmaries and Hospitals from time to time respectively, as and when the same shall be respectively given in Charge to the said Commissioners by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or when they shall think proper to examine the same, and not otherwise or oftener 5 but all Returns required by any Act of Parliament not hereby repealed, to be made to the Commimoners of Accounts from or relating to any such Infirmary or Hospital, shall be duly and regularly made to the Commissioners under this Act accordingly, and mall remain in the Office of the said Commissioners, to be used and examined when they shall be so required to examine the same, or when they shall think proper so to do.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Thing which is by or under the Authority of any Act not hereby repealed, directed to be done by or to the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, or any Number of them, shall and may be done by or to the said Commissioners under this Act, or by or to the like Number of them respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionen under this Act shall and may proceed on all and every Account which shall be depending before and undecided by their Predecessors, the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, in the same manner in all respedi6 as if the said Accounts and the Examination thereof respectively had proceeded so far before themselves; and the Cud Commissioners under this Act shall as to all Matters decided by or before their said Predecessors, consider themselves bound and concluded is the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Dccifioos had been made by themselves, and not wither or otherwise.

kM. itn. 5a0 GEO. Ut 0.5a.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-H for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland for

time being, and for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commis-boert for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland w the time being, or any Three of them, whenever he or they shall adge the lame expedient, and in such manner, and under such Rules, "Men and Directions as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go-rtrnor or Governors of Ireland shall from time to time direct and dUbEfb, to order any Persons concerned in the Receipt or Expen* lituie of Public Money to fumish due and proper Accounts of the same* to be laid before the said Commissioners under this Act, to be )j them examined and finally adjusted and settled.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein oatained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners, under any rircundboces, to examine or audit any Account properly examinable >y or belonging to the Department of Military or Army Accounts, ad that all and every Voucher and Vouchers, Document or Docu-nents, properly belonging to any such Account, which are or shall >e in the Office of the said Commissioners, shall be handed over and Idheicd of to the Comptroller of Army Accounts, or to the Com* nissioners of Military Accounts, or to any Person or Persons authored by him or them to receive the same, and that the same shall henceforth be kept in the Office of such Comptroller or Commissioners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners under hit Ad shall be subject to such Regulations not contrary to Law, ouching and concerning the due Execution of their said Office, as he Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of 7re-Wfor the time being shall from time to time direct and establish; ind that it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to make and establish Rules, Orders and Directions for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Auditor General of Hif Majest/s Exchequer in Ireland shall, within Two Months after the passing of this Act, and within Two Months after the Fifth Day of Javtary in every future Year, make a Return in Writing to the said Commissioners of all Sums issued from the said Treasury on any of the Accounts aforesaid, in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of Jmary next preceding such Return.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or boa time to time shall be liable to account before the said Commis-foocn, shall respectively, within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the passing of this Act, with respect to any Accounts in Ar-mr up to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and within Three Calendar Months at the lateit after the Fifth Day of January in every future Year, deliver unto or transmit to the Office of the said Commissioners an Account Current of all Suns of Money received and paid by them for the Public Service vfcbinthe Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next preceding tkfaroMhing such Account, whether the said Sums of Money or any d them were received or paid fur the Service of such Year or other-4, together with uie Vouchers for such Receipts or Payments, acot^aaied by a Schedule of tae same, which Account and Schedule MU figued by the Accountant or Accountants, or by some Per-

fous

303

Lord Lieutenant or Treasury may order Accounts to be submitted to Commissioner*.

Not to extend to Military Accounts.

Commissioners ftibjed to Order of Lord Lieutenant.

Auditor General shall annually send to Cornmif- oners Returns of public Money advanced.

Accountants shall fend in Accounts annually to Commissioners.

A.D. 1fc

Not to preclude the transmitting of other Accounts requited.

Commissioners shall call on Accountants to account, and compel them so to do by Application to Attorney General, Lc.

On Default of Accountant Commissioners after Notice may proceed peremptorily to audit Accounts in his Absence.

C.$2. $ld GEO. III.

fons duly authorised on his Behalf, or if such Accountant or Acd| ants be a Body Politic or Corporate, or a Society, or the of any Public Institution, then the same shall be aothenticrtl the Seal of such Corporation, or by the Signatures of Five! said Trustees, or of Five of the Individuals composing such Sdfl

XXIII. Provided always, and be it cna^ed. That the Dfl or Transmission of such Account and Vouchers, by anyhfl countant or Accountants, shall not exonerate the Parties from ing up and delivering or transmitting such other Accounts H be required of them, by any Determination or Order of ill Commissioners under this Act, whether upon or in confiyl the Reference of any Account to them as aforesaid, byttfl Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors bf Irdm\ the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing til of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or otherwise; but that Accounts shall be made up and authenticated according to (It ner and Form aforesaid, and from and to such Period as (hit quired by the Order of the said Commissioners under this A that Purpose, and shall be delivered unto, or transmitted to cW of the said CommissionerR, within such time as shall be fort by such Order of the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Comal under this Act shall and may, so often as they shall think! upon all Accountants or other Persons, or Bodies Politic I porale, or Societies, or Trustees, to whom or to whose Order! any Pifblick Money, for which such Persons, Bodies, Soci Trustees respectively shall be accountable to the said Commil shall be or shall have been issued or intruded, to account to tl said Commissioners for the Receipt, Expenditure or Iffoe t within a time to be by them limited; and on Failure of the Art being delivered accordingly within the time so limited, the bit jmissioners shall, in every case where they shall see Cause, tice thereof to His Majesty's Attorney General in England \ land. His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or His Majestjft ney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belong# Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelaJ, case may require, in order that such Motions, Suits, Bills or! may be made, instituted, filed or issued by the said Officers; any such Defaulter, as may be necessary to compel him to dd his Accounts as directed by the said Commissioners, nnWf Application of the Parties stating some special and sufficient of Delay, the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governori remors of Ireland, shall grant his or their Warrant to ttaytk ceedings for such reasonable time or times as lie or they fbl fit.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Acco or Accountants shall fail to deliver such Accounts, pursuant I Requisition, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said 0 sioners, if they shall think proper so to do, to cause a Notice, by any Three of the said Commissioners for the time being, served on such Accountant or Accountants, that the firidw sioners will proceed peremptorily to audit the Accounts of (be countant or Accountants, or any Part thereof, that may be tiuned in such Notice, on a Day to be therein mentioned, nd

" 1

52 GEO. III. C. 51.

3S

iffl One Calendar Month from the Service of such Notice; and fcreupon such Commissioners shall proceed to audit such Account r Accounts accordingly, whether any Accounts shall have been then pmlhedasaforesaid or not, or whether such Accountant or Account-Dts shall attend or not; and the said Commissioners shall charge uch Accountant or Accountants with all Payments made from or mder His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, to him, her or them, or to iis, her or thar Order; and if such Accountant or Accountants shall act produce and prove, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, roy Ddciarge, such Commissioners shall thereupon allow the Whole of tie Sums so charged as a Balance against such Accountant or Accountants; Provided always, that it shall and maybe lawful to ifid for the said Commissioners to postpone from time to time, as rfteo as they shall see good Cause for so doing, the final auditing of iny such Account.

XXVI. And, in order that it may more plainly appear whether it ii fit that any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Society or Trustees, (hoold receive future Aid from Parliament, or from His Majesty's Treasury, be it enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic od Corporate, and all Societies and Trustees, who have received, or whe shall at any time hereafter receive, by virtue of any Grant or Gnats from Parliament or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money WK of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, which shall not be appro-lilted by the exprefe Terms of the Grant thereof to same special Forpofr or Purposes wholly distinct from the other Funds of such Body, Society or Trustees, shall, in dating and rendering their Accounts as aforesaid, set forth and date to the said Commissioners under this Act, from the time of the fird Grant or Order for any such Money, or any Part thereof, a full and exact Account of all the Funds, Monies, Debts and Credits whatsoever of such Body, Society ar Truiees, however derived, or whatever be the Nature, Amount or Particulars thereof; and the said Commissioners shall settle and audit said Account, including such Part thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Money shall be issued from His M^edy's Treasury in Ireland by virtue of any Parliamen-

a Grant, or otherwise to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies tic or Corporate, Society or Trustees, who shall ever have rewired any former Money therefrom at any time after the Expiration of the Period within which he, she or they shall be liable to render an Account to the said Commissioners under this Act, until such Woo or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Society or Trustees, shall have fird produced, or caused to be produced to the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's said Treasury a Certificate ftgoed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, that he, she or they hath or have fiimished to the said Commissioners a full Account of the lad preceding Sum so issued, and of all Sums for which k, (he or they is or are accountable by reason thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it Gracted, That nothing in An Act contained (bail oblige the Commissiorters to enquire into the Itpendhure of any Money granted for any of the Purposes aforesaid, pawns to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred aft, except where any Grant or Payment made since the said time fetoyof the said Purposes shall in their Judgments make such Enquiry

ProvttV.

Where Money

granted by Parliament generally Accoun-tjnts shall state Accounts of all their Funds.

Money shall nut be issued by Treasury till for T er Sums are accounted for.

Period of coni, mencine Accounts by Commissioner*.

3o<S

Mo Deduction allowed from Grants except Pells and Poundage.

Commissioners may call Parties before them with their Books and Vouchers.

Coromifijoness may examine on Oath all Persona concerned in Expenditure of Money granted.

f Sic.

C.J2.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

quiry necessary Or useful, or except where they shall othenrifirj necessary for the Public Service.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Money shall out of any Sum which has been or shall be granted by Pa' and which is to be accounted for before the said Commifi account of Interest or Discount, or of any Deduction from t Sum granted, other than the Deduction of Pells and Pound where a special Power has been of shall be given to the Gi thorizing them to pay interest or Discount, or tdmakef dudioo, or where it shall be otherwise directed or allowed! liament, nor shall any Money be paid out of any such Giwt! Expences attending the Application for the same, or inf| Memorials, Parliamentary Attendance, Or accounting for penditure thereof; and all Sums so paid shall be disallowed a out of the Accountants* Discharge by the said Commissioneifcl

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and miyl" ful. for the said Commissioners under this Act, or any Three! for the time being, and they are hereby required to call bef the several Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Societies a tees, who have at any time received from His Majesty's Tn Public Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or for j Purpose which the said Commissioners are or shall be autl inquire into; and any Members, or Secretaries, or other ( any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Society, as also t Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Societies and Tn whom any Money has been granted or appropriated for a said Purposes; and any Members, or Secretaries, or other ( any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Society, and the i fora, Executors and Administrators of such Persons respectitc to require them to give an Account of the Expenditure of I Monies, and to exhibit to the said Commissioners all such Aa Certificates, Warrants of Expenditure, Books, Muniment! I whatsoever, as shall touch or concern the Receipt or Expe of such Money, or the Charge or Discharge of the Accounts!) and as shall be and remain in their Hands or Custody, and to i upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioomisi empowered to administer) the said several Persons touching the ! Item8 thereof, or any Entries therein, and touching any Mitr lative to the Receipt, Expenditure or Non Expenditure of t Money.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Con or any Three of them, shall also have full Power and Autl they are hereby authorised and required to call before l examine upon Oath, all Persons who have, or who they I Reason to believe have, any Knowlege of the receiving, exp disbursing or in any wise accounting for, entering, paying orm any of the Monies of which they are or shall at any time be c thorized to date or settle Accounts, and likewise to call befbt and examine upon Oath all Persons whom they shall think pre the Purpose of enquiring into the Honesty, Efficacy and 7 of the Expenditure of all such Monies, and into the State i ditiona of the several Works f which any of such Manic* In or ought to have been applied, and to fend for and require to! habited to them, as often as they shall think proper, all Act

io

AJlrti*.

3 GEO. tit.

C. 52.

3*7

Cotificttes, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers and Writings, tfvbat Natnre soever, and ra whosoever Custody theymaybe, which Many wife touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Disposal or Management of the said Monies, and to examine upon Oath {whidh Oath any of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to adnai-nider) all Persons whom they shall think proper, touching the State, Custody, Entries or Items in such Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and rber are hereby empowered and required to enquire into all corrupt and fraudulent or improper Practices or other Misconduct in the Expenditure, Application of, ordering or accounting for HTuing or receiving, all and singular or any of the said Monies, and into the Efficacy and due Execution of the Works for which any Part thereof have been or shall he granted or appropriated, and they shall not include, or suffer to remain or be included in the Discharge Part of any Account which shall be at any time dated by them, any Article oif Expenditure which shall not appear to them to be agreeable to the Intention or Import of the Grant to, or Trust reposed, or legal Powcts rested in the Parties to whom such Grant has been or shall lave been made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said CommissionerB flail without any farther Requidtion, as soon as pof&ble after their Determination and Proceeding on any Matter committed to their Examination, give an Account thereof in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and also to each House of Parliament, and also to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trtafnrer of Ireland, with respect to such Accounts as shall have been referred to the Commissioners under this Act, by the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office; and the said Commissioners under this Act shall report therewith whit Defects, Frauds or Illegalities shall have been observed during their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, or in the Execution of the several Works aforesaid, and likewise such Regulator other Matters as they shall in their Judgment deem expedient to be observed and adopted for the better directing, enforcing and fearing the honest, just andeffectua) Expenditure of future Grants of Money, for the said several or similar Purposes, or any of them.

XaXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be brfolto and for any One of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of Ea^s Bench or Common Pleas, or any One of the Barons of His Mjfty, s Court of Exchequer in Ireland, at their Discretion, to grant 1 Writ of Habeas Corpus, to bring up any Person or Persons confined but Gaol, Prison or Place of Confinement in Ireland, to be exa-rinea before the said Commissioners under this Act, or any Three of fen, touching any Matter of Account which shall be then depend-j before them, and every such Person shall be so brought up ac-wgly; the Sum required by Law in every such case being first^tendered; and shall be brought and detained before the said CoMBSoners, or any Three of them, from Day to Day, and from Ho* to Hour, and as often and as long as they shall find necessary jiGio. III. X fqr

Commissioners may enquire into Frau, dsar.d shall doc allow undue Expenditure in Discharge.

Commissioners shall report to Lord Lieute nant, the Treasury and Parliament.

P.urtiei hi Confinement may be brought bef< re Commissioners by Habeas Corpus tube examined.

308

A.D. 1812.

4fTommifT oners may allow Payments without written Vouchers;

r on imperfect Vouchers.

Allowances above 30I. confirmed by Lord Lieutenant.

Orders of Board

of First Fruits and Certificates of Bishops also* -d as Voucher;

fn Framination ommiUionert fhil make up

C. 5:. 5a GEO. III.

for the Purpose of such Examination, and at the Close thereof, M be carried back to the same Prison or Place of Confinement, or otbenrife disposed of according to Law, and none of the said Matters shall be deemed or taken to be an Escape; and it shall and may be lawful ta and for the said Commissioners to enquire into, ascertain and allow the necessary Expences of so bringing and keeping every such Perkm in such Attendance, and of taking him or her back to such Prison or Place of Confinement 5 and that such Expences being so allowed ad being certified by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, M be paid as Part of the incidental Expences of said Office.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant any Sub on any Account of Expenditure that hath been or shall be incurred, although no written Voucher of the actual Payment of such Sum shall be produced to tlrcm, in cases w here, upon Statements of the Accountants rendered on Oath, and after sufficient Enquiry, the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Sums have been actually aid properly disbursed, and that all due Diligence shall have been used by the Accountant to procure such Voucher; and whenevu 1 Voucher produced or to be produced by any Accountant for any Account shall be defective, from the Want of any Certificate or odor Document which ought to accompany such Voucher, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Proof to their Satisfaction that the Accountant did not wilfully neglect to procure such Certificatt t>r Document, and that the Sum specified in the Voucher shall haw been actually and properly disbursed, to admit such Voucher ssafnft ficient Discharge of the said Accountant, and to allow the Amount o{ the same to his Credit: Provided always, that in all cases where any Sum exceeding Thirty Pounds shall be allowed to the Credit of any Accountant, either without any written Voucher, or upon animperfea Voucher, the Particulars and Amount of every such Allowance shall be specified to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in the Statement of the Account in which such Allowances may be made, in order that the same may be considered and confirmed, or disallowed, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chin Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, previous the Declaration of any such Account.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Orders of the Corn* missioners of First Fruits in Ireland for the Appropriation of anyj Money which has been heretofore or shall be hereafter granted to them by Parliament for the building of Churches, together with the Cera', ficate of the Bishops of the respective Dioceses, setting forth that the Churches for which such Orders shall have been made have bees properly and sufficiently built, shall be allowed as Vouchers for tht Sums contained in such Orders; and that upon any such Certificate and Order of Appropriation being laid before the Commissioneri under this Act, lur any One or more Church or Churches, and ai often as the case shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for thJ said Commissioners under this Act to pass the Account for the same, without waiting for the Accounts of any remaining Part of the Suni granted to the said Commissioners of Firit Fruits.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Examine tion of all such Persons, Books, Papers, and other Matters* as the) shall think proper, the said Commissioners undo* this Act shall mak<

12.

GEO. III. C. 52. 30

fed and juil Accounts or Declarations of the Accounts of Account*, and

ns, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Societies or Trustees, who t#

ull be at any Time accountable to them, which Account

tain the Sum and Sub/lance thereof in Charge and Dif-

or by way of Debtor and Creditor; and they shall cause a

hereof to be given to the Party or Parties accountable.

IVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any Lord Lieutenant xoint shall have been so fully examined and audited by the empowered to noissioners under this Act, and that any Sum or Item in the relieve against p? thereof shall have been disallowed, it shall and may be and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or rs of Ireland for the time being, at any time within Three Months after the Date of fitch auditing, to order the said oners for the time being to state, for the Information of the atenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland me being, the Grounds and Cause of such Disallowances, in the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Thvee shall forthwith make a Report under their Hands, in Obe* such Order; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go* f Inland for the time being, within Six Calendar Months Date of such Report, to order, by Warrant under Hand that every or any such Items or Item, or any Part thereof ly, shall be allowed, and thereupon the same shall be so al-d the same shall be brought forward and allowed in the next of such Accountant.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Account Accounts audita* been audited by the said Commissioners, the same shall be by Commi t-condu/ive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, save sioners fiml, an4 ras the same may be altered in manner aforesaid, by the h?Parties utenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland ordering Jfiapon* ne being in manner aforesaid; and that if in any Account diture. dy Politic or Corporate, Society or Trustees, any Discharge nil have been disallowed as aforesaid by the said Commis-nd not afterwards allowed by Older of the Lord Lieu-r other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the I as aforesaid, the same shall not be paid or allowed out of i of such Body, Society or Trustees; but the Person or ho ordered such Expenditure shall be respectively liable to >d the same, and shall and may be sued for the same, or thereof, by an Action of Indebitatus Assumpsit, either jointly Hy, by the Secretary of the said Commissioners; and in it shall be fufRcient for the Plaintiff to prove the Order of adant or Defendants, and the Disallowance of the Sum so or any Part thereof as aforesaid.

Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the time of Relief of Ac* ssy such Account by the said Commissioners, any such covntantinotia 2at therein shall be absent from Ireland, then and in every fit shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, Account*? Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, roe within Three Calendar Months after the Return of such

0 Ireland, to order the said Commissioners to slate the Cause ich Disallowance as aforesaid; and thereupon such Report

1 roay be made by the said Commissioners, and such subse-

X 2 quest

BQ

Voucher* may be destroyed or given up.

Parties summoned refusing to attend, ke

[Penalty.]

Affirmation of Quakers allowed.

Perjury.

Cja. 5 a* GEO. in; A.D. 1812.

(jurat Proceedings had, as if such Order had been issued within tie tune aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from time to time to destroy any Voucher or Voucher*, which shall remain in their Office at my time after Fifteen Years from the Date thereof \ and also that ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on reeling an Order in Writing for the Purpose from the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to hand over and deliver up to the Person or Persons mentioned for that Purpose in such Order, any Voucher or Vouchers whatsoever that may be in their said Office, and which shall be (pc-cified or directed in such Order*

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly summoned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to appear before the said Commissioners touching any of the Matters aforesaid, to give Evidence or otherwise, or to exnibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Muniment, Bill, Plan, Paper or Writing, jpurfuant to this Act, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforesaid Articles in his or her Custody, Power or Possession, according to the Terms offoch Sammons, or to answer any Question on Oath, which shall be lawfully proposed to him or her by any of the said Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thine which they shall therein be empowered to examine into, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Civil BUI in the Court of proper Jurisdiction by any Person who shall foe for the same; and if any of the said Grants, or any Part thereof, shall have been made to be received by or paid to such Person who shall so refuse or neglect as aforesaid, or to any one to whom such Person is the Successor, Executor or Administrator, such Person so neglecting or refusing shall not only forfeit the like Sam for every Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered in like manner, but such Proems fhafi likewise issue out of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer again! him or her, upon Complaint made before the said Court, as is ufoal against Debtors to His Majesty who refuse or neglect to account.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which ai Oath shall be required or directed or authorised to be taken befott the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, the Affirmatioi of a Quaker shall he received as and for and in Heu of such Oath, am shall be of the same Force, Validity and Effect, to all Intents am Purposes, as such Oath.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who dial by virtue of this or any Act or Acts of Parliament take or mak any Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or any o them, shall wilfully or fialfely take any such Oath or Affirmation, am be thereof lawfully convicted, he or she so offending shall, for ever such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Pains and DisabiKtiet as Person9 convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury shall then hr am Law or Laws in force in Ireland be liable unto; or if any PeHon ci Persons shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person to tak such false Oath or Affirmation, and the Penon or Persons so pro curing; or fuboming shall be thereof convicted, every Person so offend ing shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penaltici

Forfeitures

I# 12.

5a* GEO. III. C. 53.

311

nm, Pains and DisabiKties, at Persons conri&ed of Subornation ury Hull be then liable unto.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Member or Officer Officer* of r Corporation, Charity or Public Estabb/bment hereinbefore Charities, &c. ed whatsoever, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to obey any ng at* om or Order issued by the said Commissioners, or any Three momIJc?>ura* a, to appear before or to exhibit or lay before them any Ac-, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plant, Papers or ii which shall be in his Custody or Possession, or to answer nth any Question which shall be lawfully proposed to him by i Commissioners, or any Three of them, every such Member cer shall, for every such Offence, not oulv forfeit the Penalty Penalty, cnty Pounds hereinbefore imposed, but mall be likewise dead shall be incapable of holding his said Office any longer, ft. And be it farther enacted, That this Act, and all and Commencement latter and Thing therein contained, shall begin and have Effect of id after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after Sng thereof, and not sooner.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, A St amended, or repealed, during this present Session of Parliament. kc*

CAP. Lin.

t for extending the Time in which Coffee of the British ations may be sold by Auction without Payment of the r on Auctions; and for making an Allowance of such on Coffee (old for which the said Duty has not been

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Aj& made in the Forty second Year of 4 % 0.3. c.pj. the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, 3* other things, for exempting from the Auction Duty Estates feds bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any i Ship born any British Colony in America, or from any fthe United States, it is, among other things, enacted, That ods, Wares, Merchandize and Effects imported in any British r Vessel from any British Colony or Settlement in America, id may be (old by Auction free of the Duty imposed by Law tods and Effects (old by Auction, subject to a Proviso, that I in the said Act contained should extend or be deemed or ted to extend to authorize the Sale of any such Goods or 1 free of the said Duty, unless such Sale should be made withia e Months next after the time when such Goods or Effects have been so imported: And whereas it is expedient to allow to time for the Sale of such Coffee as is herein after men-i bee of the said Duty: Be it therefore enacted by the Mil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent tods Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Htaflemhled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from r the passing of this Act, all Coffee so imported as aforesaid I may be sold by Auction free of the Duty imposed by Law band Effects sold by Auction, at any time whiift the same tod remain lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses under foe of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods im-X 3 ported

Coffee imported from British Colonies may be sold by Auction free from Duty while remaining in Warehouse under 43 G*3-c. 13a, & c.

A.D. 1812.

C. 53. 5 2 GEO. III.

Auction Duty llowed for Coffee fold !>y Auction on or since Jan. 29, 1812, while remaining in Warehouse.

To be claimed

within Two Month*.

ported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the warehousing of Goods without Payment of the Duties; any thing in the said Proviso contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance of the Audios Duty shall be made to the Audioncers for and in respect of allCofiet imported in any British Ship or Vessel from any British Colony or Settlement in jdmericat and sold by Auction on or since the Twenty ninth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, whilst the same was and remained lodged in any Warehouse or W3re-houses according to the Directions of the said Act made in the Forty third Year aforesaid, cr of any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the warehousing of Goods without Payment of the Duties, and for and in respect whereof the said Duty shall not have been actually paid before the passing of this Act; any thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That no Auctioneer shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance for or in respect of any such Coffee fold within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Ln-don, unless such Auctioneer by whom such Coffee shall have been fold shall, within Two Months next after the pairing of this Act, deliver at the Chief Office of Excise in London, to the Person or Perfcus appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to receive the same, aQ exact and particular Account in Writing of the total Amount of the Money bid at the Sale at which such Coffee shall have been so fold, and of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels which shall have been there fold, and the Price of each and every such Article, Lot or Parcel 5 nor unless such Auctioneer, or the Person who acted as hi* Clerk at such Sale, if any, shall at the time of the Delivery of such Account make Oath to the Truth of each and every such Account, before the Commissioners of Excise, or One of them, or before such Person as the said Commissioners of Excise should appoint to receive the same; nor shall any Auctioneer have or be entitled to any such Allowance for or in respect of any such Coffee fold in any Part of Great Britain not within the Limits of the said Chief Office, ualeb such Auctioneer by whom such Coffee shall have been fold shall, within such Two Months, deliver to the Collector of Excise within whose Collodion such Coffee shall have been so fold, an exact and particular Account in Writing of the total Amount of the Mouev bid at the Sale at which such Coffee shall have been so fold, and of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels which shall have been there fold, and the* Price of each and every such Article, Lot or Pareel; nor unless such Auctioneer, or the Person who acted as his Clerk at such Sale, if any, shall at the time of the Delivery of such Account make Oath to the Truth of each and every such Account before such Collector of Excise; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

JXi8n.

52 GEO. III. CAP. LIV.

C-54> 5S*

313

Aft for continuing, until the First Day of August One Jioufand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and are near expir" ap indit is therefore expedient that the same should be con-Med Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent jtif, by ind with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual*Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, i-by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in ffarty moth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled So much of s for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread G* 3*c* -Wb Glafi and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties c* 69

itbxa /, and for the better Collection of the said Duties, as was, by 46. furtherherA& made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid, continued till bed until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred A, S* 1*1813. Itwelre, shall be and the same is hereby further continued, and Iremain and continue in force until the First Day of August Oue jfad eight hundred and thirteen.

f. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty first J* G. 3. c. 69. f f the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repeal-, nued t, u

fb Duty on ihe Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass; U*'1, 1*

far gracting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight mini twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing ftmtiing an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's , intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used vtg Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting Dntiej in lieu thereof; and for the better Collection of the said it which was to remain and continue in force for the Space of \

Rear, to be computed from the First Day of August One thou-tt hundred and eleven, shall remain and continue from the _ t Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, t the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and

CAP. LV.

\ to prevent Foreign Goods of certain Descriptions being ght from the United States of America into Canada /

[ to allow a greater Quantity of Worded Yarn to be ex-Urom Great Britain to Canada.

[jth May 1812.] dEREAS it is expedient that Foreign Goods and Commoditiesnot of the Growth of the Territories of the United \ of America, should not be brought from the said Terri-i by Inland Navigation or Land Carriage into the Province Upper and Lower Canada, to the Prejudice of the Trade carton by Sea from the United Kingdom to the said Provinces ;* j^fhetrtore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by'I withe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tera-Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by X 4 tU

AJ>. lira*

3 <4

0.53, 56.

52 GEO. III.

Whit Goods brought from United States into Can. da. Penalty.

47 G. y Se(T.

c. 9.

His Majesty may permit Worsted Yarn to be exported from ondon to Lower Canada

8 G. 3. C. 3S,9-

49 0-3.6 3*.

the Authority of the same That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever, except Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the Territories of the United States of Amenta* shall be brought from the Territories of the said United States of America by Inland Navigation or Land Carriage, into the Province* of Lower or Upper Canada, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of the said Goods or Commodities, or the Value thereof, together with the Vessel or Carriage in which the same shall be brought; to be sued for, recovered and distributed in the like manner as is directed in any Act in the case of Offences being committed against the Laws of Customs in any of His Majesty ?s Plantations in Africa or America* 4 JI. whereas the Quantity of Worsted and Woollen Yaw

permitted to be exported by an Act passed in the Forty seventk Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing the Export alt on annually of a limited Quantity of Worsted Tarn to Canada,

is found not sufficient for the Indian Trade in Canada Be it these* fore enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, it Hull and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Exportation of any Quantity of Worsted or Woollen Yarn, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds Weight in any One Year, from the Port of London, to be transported to the Province of Lower Canada, in such Propositions, at such times, in such manner, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be directed and appointed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid 5 any thing in an Act pafiiro in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain* amend and reduee into One Act of Parliament* federal Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of lipe Sheep, Rome and Lambs, Wool* Woolf els* Mottling*, Short lings* Tan and Wafted* Cruel* Coverlids, Waddings and other flfanufactures, of pretended Manufactures* made of Woolflight Ip wrought up, or otherms/g put together* Jo as the same may be reduced to and made use of at Woofagain* Mattreffet or Bed* Jluffed <u \tb combed Wool* or Woos Jit for combing* Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clap, front that Kingdom and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney f Sark and Man* into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more me Quad On jtS passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of IGing Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for tfjc Winding of Woof* to the contrary notwithstanding,

CAP. LVl.

An Act to explain suifi amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining spid amending an Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling gnd Six pence in the Pound on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends.

[yth Map 181a.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the

VY Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AShr contbtu-

ing and mating perpetual several Duties of One Shifting and Si* 4 pence, repealed by an Act of nthe I aft Sefion of ParBantear, on Ojfteet

and EmphpmenU of Profit dad on Aa*mtu?9 Pensions and Stipends*

and

52 GEO. III. C. 5 tf.

( and thereby granted for One Tear, to the Twenty ffih Boy of March'One thousand eight hundred and nine, by which it was enacted, that,

1 from and afar the Twenty fifth Day of Marth One thousand eight hundred and nine, there should be afiefled, raised, levied and

paid, unto sod for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, soon all Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other Payments. Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perquisitet, as set forth in the

ScfaUe to the said Act annexed, the several Rates and Duties rdjxdirely inserted and contained therein; And whereas another 1 Aa pafed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present 1 Afajedy, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the 1 Uf8 Sejjum of Parliament for continuing and mating perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sin pence in the Pound\ repealed by an Act of the laf Sefffon of Par Ft ament* on Offices and Employments of Profit,

' end on Annuities, Pensant and Stipends; by which it is jenacted,

that the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling respectively shall be assessect, raffect, levied and paid in Scotland, for the Purposes

directed by the said last recited Act for and in respect of all Pensions and Annuities, and for and in respect of all Salaries, Fees,

1 Wages and Perquisites, and for and in respect of all Pensions or < Gratuities for or in respect of which or of any of which the said f Duties were respectively charged or chargeable in Scotland prior to

the passing of the said lall recited Act, by virtue of Two Acts 1 Dtfled in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, '.King George the First, and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, which are therein recited, or by virtue of any Act or Acts passed prior to the passing of the said last recited Act passed in the then last Session of Parliament, in the manner in which the same were respectively raised, afiefled, levied and paid, prior to the passing of the said recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether

the said Dudes were to be subject to the Exemptions specified in

1 Schedule annexed to the said recited Act passed in the Forty noth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which Schedule is f uroexed to this Act: fie it therefore declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Con-fat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Bat the said Duties were and IhaO be subject and liable to the Exemption* specified in the said Schedule, and this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and this Act and the said last mentioned Act shall be cootroed together in the same manner as if this Act had made Part of the fad last mentioned Act-

SCHEDULE referred to,

exemptions.

MIT of the Royal Family.

faf Berlbn on the Staff of His Majesty's Army \ any Commissioned*Ron CofnfcifBbned Oficer or Private in the Army, Artillery,

Marines

vs

50 G. 3c. 54.

Exemptions of Duties of is.64. in the Pound re# gulated by Schedule aa* uexed.

3*6 C. 56, 57. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Marines or Corps of Engineers, or in the Militia or Volunteers, or

in the Navy.

Any Pension or Gratuity which His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, or His Majesty, shall have been, or His said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be pleased to declare in the Warrant, Order or other Instrument, directing Payment thereof to be intended at Charitable Donations.

Any Office or Employment in any of the Universities in Great Britain.

In every case where any Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisitea, Gratuities or other Payments payable in respcd of any Office or Employment of Profit, or any Annuity, Pension, Stipend or other Payment, shall have been specially exempted from the Payment of Aids and

Taxes by any Att of Parliament.

In every case, where any Salary, Stipend or other Payment of or in respect of any Office or Employment, or any Proposition of such Salary, Stipend or other Payment, which shall be payable to any Person in respect to his having held any Office or Employment, or upon his Superannuation from such Office or Employment, shall have been or shall be directed to be paid Net or without Deduction by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissionert of His Majesty's Treasury.

In every case where the Charge or Charges of One Shilling and of Six pence respectively, or of either of them, or any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforesaid, shall have been directed to be repaid

1 or re-imbursed to the Party charged with the said Duty of One Shilling and Six pence respectively out of the Public Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund, or Incidents of any Department of Office by like Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment Net or without Deduction of any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforesaid, and the Authority for the Repayment out of the Public Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department of Office, of any Charge made or any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforesaid, shall be respectively certified by fomt principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment belongs, or such Payment is made, to be paid Net of without Deduction, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.,

CAP. LVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on their Royal High-, nesses the Princesses Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, an Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, instead of the Annuity settled on them by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty.

[5th May 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of Your Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty

to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bijhof of Osnaburgh

A.D. 1812.

3*7

52 GEO. III. C. 57.

Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Emeft Augustus, Augustus Fredenck and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand

Pounds per Annum 5 and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augusta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per

Annum; and also to settle on His Highness Prince William Frederick,

One other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum; and on Her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum: And whereas Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to express Your Ddire to Your faithful Commons, to be empowered to provide for the Establishment of

their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth,

Mary and Sophia, by an immediate GrantTherefore We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the King's Most Excellent Majesty, instead of the said Annuity in the said Act mentioned, by any Letters Patent, or by several Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant to their Royal Highnesses Princess Augusta Sophia, Princess Elizabeth, Princess Mary and ?nnceh Sophia, and to the Survivors and Survivor of them, or to such other Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during the Lives of their said Royal Highnesses, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trult for their said Royal Highnesses, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Thirty six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, by the Year, to commence and take Effect from the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to be paid and payable by even and equal Portions on the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of Ja/j and the Tenth Day of 0Bober; the First Payment thereof to be made as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, for the propositionate Part of the Quarter between the said Eighteenth Day of February and the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and that such Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money shall w may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, be given and granted to issue, and shall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall and may be hereafter charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That upon the Death flfaay of their said Royal Highnesses the Princesses, or upon the Marriage of any one of them, and the Payment of a Portion on or in Cflftsideration of such Marriage, not less than Forty thousand Pounds StaEag, the Right} Title, Share and Interest of such Princess so

dying

His Majesty empowered to settle on the Four Prince flea, instead of Annuity granted by 1$ G. 3. c. 31* an Annuity of.36, ooooL

Regulations fer dividing the said Annuity upon the Marriage or Death of any of the PrinoeflW

318 57, 58. 52 GEO. III.

dying or being married, in and to the said Yearly Rent or Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall cease sad determine, and the said whole Annuity shall from thenceforth acetue and remain to the Three other Princesses; and upon the Death or Marriage of any other of the said Princesses, and the Payment of x Portion, not less than Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or ii Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share and Interest of such other Princess so dying or being married, in or to the said Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, shall cease and deteimmet and Two Third Parts of the said Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, amounting to Twenty four thousand Pounds per Am, and no more, (half accrue and belong to the other Two Princesses then unmarried5 and upon the Death or Marriage of either of the hud Two lafi mentioned Princesses, and Payment of a Portion, not less than Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Confidents of such Marriage, the Right, Share and Intend of such Princess of, hi and to the said Annuity of Twenty (bur thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine; and the other of the said Princesses then firing shall be entitled to Twelve thousand Pouods per Annum, Part of the said Rent or Annuity of Twenty four thousand Pounds, and bo more, to cease and be determined on her Death or Marriage, and the Payment of a Portion, not less than Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage.

Aateudetydd

III. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Annuities

shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Muddy's Exchequer,

sndfirec from 0llt.0^ fa, <* Fund, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and

ass Xaiex  1$ hereby required, by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said respective Annuities as the same shall become due and payaUs without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the respective Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of their said Royal Highnesses, Or of such other Person or Persons as shall be by them respcArrely authorised and appointed to receive such respectfre Annuities, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and diffident Discharge for the Pay-ifcent thereof 5 and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed upon the said Warrant or Warrants shall be a diffident Authority t* the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the find respeahe Annuities to their said Royal Highnesses, during the Continuances of the same, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, bad or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said respective Annuities so to be given and granted, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise on Tobacco to be manufactured in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks in relbeft thereof, in lieu of former Duties of JExcise and Drawbacks*, and to provide for the regulating and feewring the CoHeftito of the said Duties.

[2oth Map i8t2/J

10 M

A.D. rtia.

5 2 GEO. III. C. 5?.

3 V

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful snd loyal Subjects the Com-toons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Paribmeot assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have fiedy and voluntarily refblved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that h may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lonk Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-hameataftrmbled, and by the Authority of the Dune, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be mated, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an Excise Duty of One Shilling and Seven pence British Currency, for and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which shall at any time or times, bon and after the Commencement of this Act, be delivered out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, or out of the Custody of any Oncer or Officers of the Customs, for Manufacture in Ireland, and lo in Proposition for any greater or lesser Quantity, and to be chvged oo and paid by the Person or Persons to whom the same (Ul be delivered for Manufacture; which laid Duty of Excise shall be in Keo and full Satisfaction of all Duties of Inland Excise granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, or taken out of the original Package for Manufacture in Inland.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Duties of Inland Excise imposed on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland by Two several Acts, the one made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, mtkuled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes its Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in re-bed thereof, in Bat of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and Draw-Uch; and the other in the Fifty first Year of His laid Majesty's Reign, intituled jfu AB to grant an additional Duty of Excise on Tmcco manufacturead in Ireland, shall cease and determine, and be no lower paid and payable, save as herein after provided.

UL Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or take away iiy of the Regulations or Provisions, Powers or Authorities, con-tamed in any Act or Acts in force on or before the Commencement ofthiiAd, for levying'or recovering of all Excise Duties payable oo Tobacco, and Arrears of such Duties, which shall have been inclined or become due on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every such Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities, shall be and remain in full force for the levying and recovering the said Duties, and Arrears of the said Duties.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Tobacco which, taring been delivered out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Costoms, or out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, on or Wore the Commencement of this Act, mall be in the Custody or Possession of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, or other Pefcn or Persons in Ireland, at any time on or after the Commence->nt of this Act, shall be chargeable and charged with the Inland Ewh Duty payable on Tobacco, under and by virtue of any Ad

Doty of ts, tA for every lb. of Tobacco delivered out of Warehousefov Manufacture.

Excise Duty on Tobacco by 47 0.3. Sess. X. c. x8. and 51 0.3.05*. to cease;

but Duties in Arrear, and Penalties incurred, recovered.

Tobacco in Custody of Manufacturers, ftc. subject to old Duty.

or

59 & 40 0.3.

c. 67.

4oG.3.(!.)c. 38.

Tobacco and Snuff imported from Great Britain into Ireland to nay following Countervailing Duties:

Duties.

or Acts in force in Ireland on or before the Commencement of this Act; and the said Duty shall be charged against and payable and paid by such Person and Persons, at such time, and in such manner, and under and subject to all the Rules and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, mentioned, expressed and contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, on or before the Commencement of this Act, for the charging, paying, levying and collecting of the Inland Excise Duties on Tobacco; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it is-expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ that in rr-

spect of the Duties on Tobacco imported into and manufactured in 1 Ireland, Countervailing Duties should be charged upon Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain,

and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail, the Duties charged on Tobacco imported into and manufactured

in Ireland; y Be it therefore enacted, That for and upon all Tobacco and Snuff, the* Growth, Produce-or Manufacture of Great Britain, of the feve^al Descriptions herein after mentioned, which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any time or times from and after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be charged, levied, collected and paid the several Countervailing Duties following, in lien and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable _upon the Importation of such Tobacco and Snuff, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the Commencement of this Act; that is to say.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Great Britaint the Sum of Seven pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly known or called by the Name of Spanish, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Tobacco or Snuff, being British - man u fa ft u red Shag Tobacco cut. the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings; British-manufactured Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Pour pence; i?ri7i]/&-manufactured Carrott Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny; every other Sort of 2?n*/^&-manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence; ^fr/7/^-manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven pence Three Farthings; British manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine pence; 2?r/7x/&-manufactureci Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven pence; British-manufactured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence Three Farthings s

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of 2?ri/^&.manufactured Snuff or Snuff-work, not here, inbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine pence

All which said last mentioned Duties shall be paid and payable in British Currency s

And

3*1

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 58.

Asd that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of Drawback of Tobacco and Snuff manufactured in Ireland of the like Denomin?- Countervailing tioDS, and exported at any time from and after the Commencement ^U^Jitatloti of this Act, and for which the Duties payable thereon shall have^fJchTobacc# been fully paid and satisfied, there shall be allowed and given a and Snuff from Drawback equal in Amount to* the Countervailing Duties by this Ireland to G. B. Ad granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, in lien of all Drawbacks payable under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the Commencement of this Act, in respect of any such Tobacco or Snuff exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon all Tobacco and Snuff Drawback U* manufactured in Ireland from Tobacco, which shall have paid all lowed on-Export-Duties of Customs and Excise payable on the same according to Law, ftion of: from and after the Commencement of this Act, which shall be ex- t"c^ya^h^rnu ported from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain, there shall be place except paid and allowed by way of Drawback or Compensation for the Duty G. B. charged and paid on the Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it

hath been manufactured, and for the Excise Duty charged thereon by Law, the like Sums bf Money a3 are'by this Act allowed and

made payable on all such manufactured Tobacco and Snuff exported to Great Britain, according to the Descriptions and Denominations hereinbefore mentioned and contained: Provided always, that Proof shall be made on Oath or other wise, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, that all such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff- so exported had been manufactured from Tobacco, which had theretofore paid all Import and Excise Duties payable by Law thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties carried t# Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges for collecting and Consolidated paying the same being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of Fund of Ireland, the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of ail Ad made in the Forty eighth c $

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to male per-

ftltul and to amend federal Acts for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Pro-uBion offer tain Exciseable Goods in Ireland, as relates to the Removal of any Tobacco out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged and secured, iuto the Stock of any Manufactureer of Tobacco; or to the granting of any Permit for the Removal of Tobacco into the Stock of any Manufacturer of Tobacco, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And, (or the better feeuring the Inland Excise Duties on Regulations as t Tobacco in Ireland granted by this Act, be it enacted, That no Vmitrfiir Tobacco shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act, be Tobacco* removed out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs,

or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged and secured, except for Exportation, or into the Stock of a licensed Manufacturer of Tobacco; and that whenever such Tobacco shall be in-tewfed to be removed into the Stock of such Manufacturer, the Per-which shall be granted for the same to the Importer or Whole-

- ' fals

A.D. 1812.

jl* C. 58. 54 GEO. III.

sale Merchant to whom such Tobacco shall belong, by the proper Officer of the Customs, shall be lodged with the Excise Permit Officer, who shall, under the Provisions herein after mentioned, grant in lieu of such Customs Permit an Excise Permit for the Removal of such Tobacco into the Stock of the Manufacturer mentioned in such Custovn Permit; and such Tobacco'shall not be removed out of the Custody of the Officer or Officers of the Customs, or out of any Warehouse in which the lame shall be so lodged or secured, until the Manufacturer, or some Person n his Behalf; shall hare obtained and produced the said Excise Permit to the proper Officer of the Customt No Permit X. And be it further enacted, That no iiich Excise Permit for the

granted until Removal of any such Tobacco shall be granted, until the Duties of Excise imposed by this Act shall have been fully paid thereos; oor pais, Ice. until tjjC Manuftaurcro whom such Tobacco (half be intended to he

delivered, or some Person on his Behalf, shall produce to such Penait Officer of Excise, the Permit granted for such Tobacco by the Officer of Customs, and also the Receipt of the Collector of Excise of the District, for the Excise Duty on such Tobacco; nor unless such Officer of Excise shall be suffered to indorse on such Receipt the Quantity of Tobacco for which such Excise Permit is required, sod the Date of such Permit; and every such Officer is hereby required to make such Endorsement accordingly; and in every such Receipt shall be specified the Number of Pounds Weight of Tobacco upoi which the said Duty shall have been paid, together with the Number and Mark of each Package in which such Tobacco shall be contained, distinguishing the Weight of each.

Tobacco rc-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco shall be removed (exccjpt moved out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, or out of f.jr Exportation), the custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs (except for Permit forfeited Exportation) before such Excise Permit shall be granted for the* Removal of the same, all such Tobacco so removed without such Ex-

cife Permit shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

Certificate from

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence be Surveyor, of his granted to manufacture Tobacco, any Person requiring the same dull, with the Entry which he is by Law required to make of the feveril produced befcre Places and Utensils to be used by him Tor keeping or manufactimog Licence granted. Tobacco, deliver to the proper Officer for granting such Licence, s Certificate from the Surveyor of Excise of the Survey within whkh the Manufactory of such Person shall be situate, setting forth that he has inspected the several Places and Utensils mentioned and described in such Entry.

Stock in Poflef-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Stock; of fion of Manufac- Leaf Tobacco in the Possession of any Manufacturer of Tobacco turer, not left shaft be less than the Quantity of such Tobacco which, by the Stock ^odLAceomt0 Account kept by any Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Possessios of officer. of Manufacturer, every such Manufacturer shall, for every tune Penalty.* such Decrease shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Tobacco which shall appear so deficient.

Tobacco in Case

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be hirful my be weighed, for any Officer of Excise, from time to time when he shall think it expedient so to do, to weigh any Tobacco in Case, declared to fee intended for Snuff; provided that such Tobacco fall have remained

in

A.D. 1812.

S* GEO. ID.

C$8.

3*3

in ibch Case for the Space of Six Weeks or upwards; any thine in an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year 37^ of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manrfadurc of Tobacco, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts, Promises, Contraa* for Bonds, Judgments or other Securities given or executed by any Per- Sale of Tobacco, foOf where the Whole'or any Part of the Confederation of any such where Oniidera-Coa^rad, Promi(e or Security, shall be for any Tobacco in Leaf or noth*

Buofedured, which shall have been fold for a less Price by the doBed^ccTviS. Pound Weight than the Import and Excise Duties payable thereon, ' together with a Sum of Two pence added thereto, shall amount to, orfbratly Tobacco with which such Permits as by this Act required flaBuot have been granted, shall be utterly void; and no Suit shall be oantaioed thereon in any Court of Law or Equity.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Tobacco shall If Tobacco be

be sold for ready 'Money at any lower Price than as aforesaid, it (hdl fold for a lovver and may be lawful for the Person or Persons buying or purchasing Price Buyer such Tobacco, to recover from the Seller or Sellers thereof a Sum recover etjaal to the fiill Amount of such Tobacco so sold as aforesaid, to be Seller*6 rm filed for and recovered by Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of

Record in Dublin, or by Civil Bill in a Court of proper Jurisdiction,

where the Amount of the Sum to be recovered shall be within the Jurisdiction of such Civil Bill Court.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Not to void Con-

coatajoed shall extend or be con (trued to extend, to make void or trad for bait of defeat any Contract for or Sale of Tobacco made bona fide under any under

Execution or Commission of Bankruptcy against the Owner of such ruPtc>-Tobacco.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to fell Licence in force miDofadorrd Tobacco or Snuff by Retail, which shall have been till the 15th of granted before the Commencement of this Act, shall expire on, and March*

: be; of longer in force than until the Twenty fifth Day of March next aftef the Commencement of this Act; and every such Licence winch Hull be granted after the Commencement of this Act shall be 'klbrce pntil the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the Date of fttb Licence, and no longer.

XfX And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco Stalks, whether No Tobacco, &c. oatmfa&ored or unmanufactured, qr Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff- imported jhjo work, shall be imported or brought mto Ireland from any other Place lreknd than America, at any, time after the Expiration of One Calendar Mo^htrtltafter the Commencement of this Act, nor from any Port penalty. or PJace in Ame^i^a at any tiipe.after the Expiration of Three Calen-dirlAontlis next after the Commencement Of this Act, in any Ship,

VeM dr Boat whatever, cm Pam of forfeiting all such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour find Snuff-work respectively, with the Caiks, Chests, Qafes and Oilier Packages respectively con-'tasTflg^he same; and also the Ship, Vessel or Boat, iu or on board vkith the same shall be so imported or brought, with her 'G-uns, fwaturc, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; and such Tobacco &&t, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff-work, Hogsheads, Casks, Chests,

Cafaad other Packages respectively, and also such Ship, Vessel or Bolt, Goat, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall and Ji Geo. III. Y may

[Proviso.]

Duties, &c. and Penalties bow levied agd paid.

14 & 15 Car. a. (I.) SeflT. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c.xoL

Appeal.

Act altered, ftc.

Commencement of Ad.

may be fefeed by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, that in case any Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Sulk Flour or Snuff-work, shall at any time after the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month or Three Calendar Months respectively, and before the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be imported into Ireland, it shall and may be lawful far the Importer thereof to land and warehouse the same for Exportation only, subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioom of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland may think fit to make, order and direct in that Behalf.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks, by this Act granted and allowed, and made payable, and all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collided, paid, sued for, recovered, and applied and allowed, in the same manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rul<s and Directions, and subject to such Regulations and Provisions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and exp re fled for the raising, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charlu the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or netv Impojl tp$a His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted 5 or in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for featri* the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco, fare and except so far as the same are inconsistent with the Regulations and Provisions in this Act contained; or in and by an Act mack in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Re* j venues, Matters and Things under the management of the Commifionen of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Regulations and Provisio&s, Penalties and Forfeitures, save as aforesaid, were herein expressed ami enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Expiration o^Twentj Days next after the passing thereof, and nqt sooner.

CAS

A.D. 18i 2* 52 GEO. III.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for allowing on the Exportation of manufactured Plate for the private Use of Persons residing or going to reside abroad, the same Drawback as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Plate by way of Merchandize.

[2Qth May 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of 440, 3.0.98,

W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal

the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon. Jumped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and

Jo grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties ar Sch, C. im poled on Plate of Gold or Silver which shall be made or wrought

in Great Britain, and upon the Exportation thereof by way of Mer-

chaodize to Ireland or ai; y Foreign Parts, a Drawback is allowed

of the whole Duties which shall have been paid for the same And whereas the greater Part of British manufactured Plate exported is.

intended for the private Use of Persons residing Qr going to reside

abroad; and it may have a very injurious Effea in regard to the

Export Trade of British-manufactured Plate if a Drawback is not

allowed thereon in the same manner as for Plate exported by way

of Merchandize; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Drawback granted by the said recited Act upon Plate exported by way of Mer- Drawback chaodize shall be paid and allowed to the Manufacturer or Exporter granted by re-of ali manufactured Piste, whether intended as Merchandize or not,nt*J*- provided Proof be adduced to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of n

Custome that such Plate is neW Plate, and has never been used; and intended asMcr such Drawback shall be allowed under the same Rules, Regulations, chaodize er oat, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are now by Law provided

and encted with rjefped to Plate made or wrought n Great Britain,

Bad exported by way of Merchandize.

CAP. LX.

An Act for altering the Mode of Payment of the Superannuation Allowances in the Department of the Customs in Scotland* 20th May 1&12.]

WHEREAS Two Funds have long been established under the Management of the Commimoners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, for the Benefit of aged aifd infirm or disabled ' Officers of that Department, the one called The"efallished Super- animation Fund,9 and the other called "The incidental Superan

nuatiou Fund; " which Funds have been supported by the Contri*

butiona of the Officers of the said Revenue: And whereas the

granting and paying Allowances or Compensations in the Nature of "Superannuation or retired Allowance or Reward to Persons in

respea to their having held any public Office or Employment oV

been engaged in any public Service, is regulated and controuled by ' to Ad of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act h' direh ffctf Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pen fobs

Y 1 'and

A.D. 1812.

3*6 C.tSo#

J^G EO.m

4 4</ Allowances shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and eontroid the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensant 4 <W Allowances (a); and it being expedient that the said Two Funds should be abolished, and that the Monies constituting the same, whether in vested in the Public Funds or remaining in the Hands of any Person whomsoever, as Monies received from Contributions to the said Funds or otherwise on account thereof. 4 (houkl be carried to the Account of Consolidated Customs, and 4: be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under that Head; and 41 that all Payments, Pensions and Superannuation or retired Afiawincfes to Persons in respect of their naving held any Office or mployment in the Customs in Scotland should in future be paid odtof Consolidated Customs, and be charged to the Account of IncidaOs 4 of that Department Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mol Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Fir* Superannuation foment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, frsoi tomfin Scotland tfK* a^er the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and bolifoeH and* twelve, no Contribution or Subscription shall be taken or received Monies (hereof from- any Officer or Person in the Service of His Majesty's Customs and future Con- in Scotland, on account or towards the Support of the said Funds; tribot ous paid to md that, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousad hundred and twelve, the said Funds shall be abolished; andth* pay same into Monies that have been received as Contributions to the bid

Exchequer u der Funds or otherwise on account thereof, and which Montes have hen Head of Confo- either vested in the Purchase of Stock Handing* in the Books of the

1 >dAfed Cutiorot. Bank of England in the Names of Edward Earl, Richard ElfyIm

Philips and Rtnry Vntch, Esquires, Traders of the Superannuated Officers of the uustoms in Scotland, or remain in the Hand* of aay Persons or Person whatever, shall be paid over to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or to his Order, and by him, or such Persons as he shall appoint, paid into the Receipt of he Exchequer under the Head of Consolidated Customs, for whid Purpose the said Trustees are hereby authorised and required to-fcl the said Stock; and that all Monies that shall or may have bees received or may hereafter be received by any Person or Perfbm whatever as such Contributions or otherwise on account of the fisd Funds, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come into Ike Hands of any such Person or Persons -shall be paid to the Receiver General^of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Consolidated Customs; and that all Payments, Pensions and Superannuations or retired Allowances to Persons in respect to their having held soy Office or Offices or Employment or Employments in the Customs ip Scotland, heretofore paid out of the said Funds or charged on th? King's Share of Seizures, shall be paid out of Consolidated Custom^ and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Customs; any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

(a) [ This is not an Act of the la/l Session, hut appears to be JO G. $ c* 1, 17* which is explained and amended in a particular to which the Present A3 does not relate by an Act^jl G. 3. r. 6o.]

AA shared, Sec*ii. And be it farther enacted, Th.t this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Ad or, Ada io be made in this prefer Session of Parliament

AIK Isti*.

JiP GEO. III.

Cdi.

3*7

CAP. LXL

An Act to grant an Exrife Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Inlandduring the Prohibition of Distilla-Am from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty nour chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof.

[9th June 181a.]

WHEREAS the Distillation of Spirits fhom Corn or Grain 1 W in Ireland is prohibited by Law for a limited time: Be it therefore eroded by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and wiUi the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and, Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during the time in which the DdUIatioa from Corn or Grain in Ireland shall be b prohibited* there shall be raised, levied, collided, paid and satis&od unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita* Strong Waters or Spirits, which at any tine or timet during such Prohibition shall be made or distilled in Maud from Sugar, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for which any Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum Three Shillings and Eight pence Brit Jo Currency, and no more, is lieu as well of the Excise Duty ok Five Shillings and Eleven pence Halfpenny British Currency granted on (neb Spirits by an Act rode in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, iatwnkd Am A3 to- grant to Hit Majt/ly Duties upon Malt made in lidasd, and upon Spirits made or disltlled in Ireland, and to allow ctrtmu Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof $ as also of the Duty 6tt inch Spirits m Proposition to their Strength, granted by an Act Wade in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in-tkalfld An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or IfBkd in Ireland, and upon British Spirits imported into Ireland, end upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities tut left than Two Gallons; and that for every Gallon of such Spirits Wham shall have been or shall be distilled during such Prohibition as ifcreiaxl, and which shall at any time hereafter be exported from Mood to any Place except to Great Britain, and which shall not he exported from Warehouse in Ireland, there shall be allowed and paid I Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten pence British Currency and as sore.

II. And be it further eroded, That the Duty and Drawback by. this A St made payable and allowable shall be raised, levied, col-kfted, paid and allowed in like manner, and under all such Powers, Aathontiet and Provisions, Rules and Regulations, as are contained k the kid recited Act: of the Forty eighth Year, with respect to the Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits distuled from Sugar, granted, allowed and made payable under and by virtue of the said recited Act, or in an Act made in the said Forty eighth Year, intituled An Act to amend the fnxral Acts for the regulating and feeuring the CASion of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or in any other Mkforce for the granting, feeuring or regulating of Duties on Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes s if the several Powers, Authorities and Provisions, Rules and Re-gahhaMof the (hid Acts had been and were repeated and r&caafted

w

A Duty of

3*. 8d. per Gallon paid for Spirits distilled from Sugar, instead of Dilty granted by

48 O. 3. c. 7*. and

49 0.3 c. 73.

Drawback.

How Duty and Drawback levied and paid.

48 G. 3. c. 78. 48 G. 3. c. 81.

After whit Rate Officer to charge Distiller for Decrease of Wash.

Spirits not exported uidels previously ftcu-ied in Ware-kouse, & e.

Peftahy.

Drawback allowed on Export* avion.

Act altered, &C

C. 6t, 6l. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

in this present Act, save only To far as the same are altered by this present Act.

III. And be it further encted and declared, That the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of Wash in the Distillery of any Distiller in Ireland (nail, on any Decrease of Wash produced from Sugar, charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wash so decreaied, and so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity of Wash; any thing in any Act or Acts at any time ia force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the Prohibition of Dwik lation from Corn or Grain in Ireland, it shall not be lawful for any Person to export or to enter or ship for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland from Sugar, except such Spirits as shall hm been or shall be secured in Warehouses in Ireland, without Pay meet of the Duty of Excise payable in Ireland thereon, according to the Regulation of the several Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, for regulating the making, distilling and warehousing of such Spirits in Ireland, and that all such Spirits shall be entered and shipped for Exportation from Ireland diretlly from and out of such Warehouses only; and in case any such Spirits shall during the Continuance of such Prohibition be exported, orfhaD be entered or shipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland, other than such Spirits as are hereby permitted to be so exported, or in any other manner than is hereby directed, such Spirit* so unlawfully exported, or entered or shipped for Exportation, together with the Cades and Packages containing the same, and also the Ships, Boats or Vessels on board of which the same shall be laden or exported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; any Act or Acts, Usagt or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That for and upon fifty Gallon of such Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and which shall be warehoused in Ireland and exported from thence, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two pence British Currency and no more$ which said Drawback shall be ib lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on such Spirits so warehoused and exported, and shall be paid in like manner and under the like Restrictions w are directedith respect to other Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this prefect Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIL An Act to enable Coadjutors to Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland to execute the Powers of Archbishops and Bishops respectively.

[9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS in cases of the Illness or other Disabflity ef

Archbishops and Bishopa in Ireland, if has been and ty

:. by '

AJ>.181x

C. 62.

329

52 GEO. III.

9 be necessary that Coadjiitorg to such Archbishops or Bishops re-

spefttvel y would be sppginted: And whereas several Authorities, j Jurisdictions and Powers, are by several Acts of Parliament in force

*Ireland, and otherwise veiled, settled and placed in the several

Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland respectively for the time being,

and by the Charter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin % the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being is (appointed One of the ViGtors of the said

College: Now, for the preventing of all Doubts and Questions that may arise whether all or any of tnofe Authorities, Jwifdittions and Powers may be execated by such Coadjutors, be it enacted and declared, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person appointed or who shall or may be appointed Coadjutor for the time being, to any Archbishop or Bishop in Ireland, may nfe and exercise at all times according to the Commission of such Coadjutor as of right belonging to the Bishop or Archbishop for the time being to whom he tnalT be Coadjutor, all and every the same and like Office, Authority, Jurisdiction and Execution of Laws and Statutes, and afi other Customs and Privileges, and shall and may do and perform aB such Matters and Things whatsoever, which the Archbishop or Bishop for the time being to whom he shall be Coadjutor of right might have, use or execute, do or perform as belonging to his Office or Dignity, or is empowered or required to do or perform by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, or by the said Charter and the Statutes of the said College or otherwise howsoever, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Coadjutor for the time being were Archbishop or Bishop; and all Office, Authority and JurH-iBaon erercifed by such Coadjutor, and all Matters and Things doae and performed by such Coadjutor in the Exercise thereof, shall be as good, valid and effednal, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been erercifed, done or performed by the AribbHbop or Bishop for the time being to whom he shall so be Coadjutor as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend to entitle, authorize or empower any such Coadjntor to collate or present to aqy Benefice or Ecclesiastical Preferment or Promotion, in Right of the Archbishop or Bishop to whom he shall be such Coadjntor; and that nothing ia this Act contained shall extend nor be construed to extend to affect any Rights, Authorities, Privileges or Powers, which by Law de-vobetoor become veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in any other Person or Persons in case of the I Anris or other Dif-abflity of any Archbishop or Bishop respectively; any thing herefo attained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Coadjutors may execute Powers of Archbishop and Bishops for whom they art appointed.

But not to pre-feot to Benefices*

52 GEO. III.

330 C. 63.

A.D. 1812.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Securities for Money and other Effects, lfeft or deposited for safe Custody, or other special Purpose, in the Hands of Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies or other Agents.

[9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that due Provision should be

made to prevent the Embezzlement of Government and other Securities for Money, Plate, Jewels and other Pedowl

Effects, deposited for safe Custody, or for any special Puifofe, with Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies and other AgeoU, entrusted by their Customers and Employers Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Persons subject the same, That if any Person or Persons with whom (as Banker or to Punishment, Bankers, Merchant or Merchants, Broker or Brokers, Attorney or for Embezzle- Attornies, or Agent or Agents of any Del'cription whatsoever) asy ment of any Ordnance Debenture, Exchequer Bill, Navy, Victualling or T rajuport

Security for CF Bill, or other Bill, Warrant or Order for the Payment of Money, Moneyentrufted State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seaman's Ticket, Bank Re-to their Care. ccipt for Payment of any Loan, India Bond or other Bond, or any Deed, Note or other Security for Money* or for any Share or Interest in any National Stock or Fund of this or any other Country, or in the Stock or Fund of any Corporation, Company or Society established by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, or any Power of Attorney for the Sale or Transfer of any such Stock or Fund, or any Share or Interest therein, or any Plate, Jewels or other Peifobd Effects, shall have been deposited, or shall be or remain for bfe Custody, or upon or for any special Purpose, without any Authority, either general, special, conditional or discretionary, to fell or pkdgf fqch Debenture, Bill, Warrant, Order, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seaman's Ticket, Bank Receipt, Bond, Deed, Note or other Security, Plate, Jewels or other Personal Effects, or to Wl, transfer or pledge the Stock or Fund, or Share or Interest in theStock or Fund to which such Security or Power of Attorney shall

relate, shall fell, negociate, transfer, assign, pledge, embezzle, feciete or in any manner apply to his or their own Use or Benefit, any such Debenture, Bill, Warrant, Order, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seaman's Ticket, Bank Receipt, Bond, Deed, Note or other Security, as hereinbefore mentioned, Plate, Jewels or other Personal Effects, or the Stock or Fund, or Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund to which such Security or Power of Attorney shall relate, in violation of good Faith, and contrary to the special Purpose, for. which the Things hereinbefore mentioned, or any or either of them, shall have been deposited, or shall have been or remained with or in the Hands of such Person or Persons, with Intent to defraud the Owner or Owners of any such Instrument or Security, or the Person or Persons depositing the same, or the Owner or Owners of the Stock or Fund, Share or Interest, to which such Security or Power of Attorney shall relate, every Person so offending in any Part of the J3 United

A.D. 18ia- 5* GEO. III.

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall be deemed a?d taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, being thereof con-wfted according to Law, shall be sentenced to Transportation for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, or to receive such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted on a Person or Persons guilty of a Mlmemeanor, and as the Court before which such Offender or Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge.

II. And whereas it is usual for Persons having Dealings with Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies and other Agents, to depositor place in the Hands of such Bankers, Merchants, Brokers,

1 Attornies and other Agents, Sums of Money, Bills, Notes,

1 Diasti, Cheques or Orders for the Payment of Money, with 1 Dtte&ons or Orders to invest the Monies so paid, or to which such

Bilk, Notes, Drafts, Cheques or Orders relate, or Part thereof,

in the Purchase of Stocks or Funds, or in or upon Government or

other Securities for Money, or to apply and dispose thereof in other

ways or for other Purpose9; and it is expedient to prevent Embezzlement and Malversation in such Cases also Be it therefore

enafied by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Banker, Mer- For preventing

chant, Broker, Attorney or other Agent, in tobofe Hands any Banker* and

Sum or Sums of Money, Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque or Order for ^her*, from dif-

the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money shall be placed, with any Order or Orders in Writing, and signed by the Party or Parties pr0peny di*

who shall so deposit or place the same, to in veil such Sum or Sum* fixed with then*

+of Money or the Money to which such Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque or Order as aforesaid shall relate, in the Purchase of any Stock or Fund, or in or upon Government or other Securities, or in any other

way or for any other Purpose specified in such Order or Orders,

shall many manner apply to his or their own Use and Benefit, any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any such Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque

or Order for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as herein-

before mentioned, i n Violation of good Faith and contrary to thd

facial Purpose specified in the Direction or Order in Writing here-

iabefore mentioned, with Intent to defraud the Owner or Owners

of any such Sum or Sums of Money, or Order for the Payment of

any Sum or Sums of Money; every Person (o offending in any Part

of the United Kingdom, shall in like manner be deemed and taken

to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, a*d being convictd thereof according f

to 1 incur and suffer uch runishment as is hereinbefore '

mentioned.

UL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority AA not to pr*. aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed vejSt: Persons re-to extend, to prevent any of the Persons hereinbefore mentioned from <-, v, ng Monty-recetring any Money which shall be or become adualty due and pay- ueon ur, t, e<*'able upon or by virtue of any of the Instruments or Securities hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Tender and Effed thereof, in (och manner as he or they might have done, if this Act had not been made.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority Uot to extend t# aforesaid, That the Penalty by this Act annexed to the Commission Partner! not of any Offence intended to be guarded against by this Act, shall not P7 extnior be construed to extend to any Partner or Partners, or other enc*

Pwfci or Persons of or belonging to any Partnership, Society or Firm, except only such Partner or Partners, Person or Persons, as j shall

C.<S3<

33*

33*

C. 6j.

5 2'Geo. in;

i S11.

Kot to lefTen ary Remedy at Law or Equity regarding Party aggrieved.

shall actually Commit or be accessary or privy to the Commission of such Offence; any thing herein contained to the contrary in airy wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing irt this Act contained, nor any Proceeding, Conviction or Judgment to be had or taken thereupon, shall hinder, prevent, lessen or impeach any Remedy at Law or in Equity, which any Party or Parties aggrieved by any Offence against this Act might or would have had, or have been entitled to if this Act had not been made, nor any Proceeding, Conviction or Judgment had beei had or taken thereupon; but nevertheless the Conviction of any Offender against this Act shall not be received in Evidence in any Aftkra at Law, or Suit in Equity, against such Offender; and further, that no Person shall be liable to be convicted by any Evidence whatever, as an Offender against this Act, in respect of any Act, Matter or Thing done by him, if he shall at any time previously to his being indicted for such Offence, have disclosed such Act, Matter or Thing on Oath, under or in consequence of any compulsory Process of any Court of Law or Equity, in any Action, Suit or Proceeding, in or to which he shall have been a Party, and which shall have been bona Jide instituted by the Party aggrieved by the Act, Matter or Thing, which shall have been committed by such Offender aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to or affect any Person or Persons being a Trustee or Trustees in or aoder any Marriage Settlement, Will or other Deed or Instrument, or being a Mortgagee or Mortgagees of any Property whatsoever, whether Real or Personal, in respect of any Act or Acts done by any such Person or Persons in relation to the Property comprized in or affected by any such Trust or Mortgage as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who shall commit in Scotland any Offence against this Act, which by the Provisions thereof is constituted a Misdemeanor, shall be liable to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or by either of them, or by Transportation for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender shall be tried and coo-vidled may direct.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to retrain any Banker, Merchant,

from disposing of Broker, Attorney or other Agent, from felling, negotiating, trans* Securities on ferring or otherwise disposing of any Securities, Property or other m jQ t y ave ffeg as aforesaid, in their Custody or Possession, upon which they shall have any Lien, Claim or Demand, which by Law entitles them to sell or dispose thereof, unless such Sale, Transfer or other Disposal shall extend to a greater Number or to a greater Part of such Securities, Property or other Effects as aforesaid than shall be re* auifite or necessary for the Purpose of paying or satisfying such Lien, Claim or Demand; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Not to ffcA

Trustee or Mortgagee*.

Punishment of Person* offending in Scotland.

AQ not to ref-train Bankers

52 GEO. III.

333

C. 64.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, against Persons obtaining Money by false Pretences, to Persons so obtaining Bonds and other Securities.

[9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of Hi* joG-s-ca*

W late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Punish-

went of Persons no bo shall attain or attempt to attain Possession of

Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences, fir preventing the un* r lawful pawning of Goods, fir the easy Redemption of Goods pawned

and fir preventing of Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen J*a-

x bosrers, Servants and Apprentices, it was enacted, That all Persons  l*

who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence of Pretences,

ihoold obtain from any Person or Persons, Money, Goods, Wares

or Merchandizes, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Person or Persons of the same, or should knowingly fend or deliver any Letter or Writing with or without a Name or Names subscribed thereto,

or signed with a fictitious Name or Names, Letter or Letters threatening to acciife any Person of any Crime punishable by Law with Death, Transportation, Pdlory, or any other infamous Puoifh*

merit, with a Vrew or Intent to extort or gain Money, Goods,

4 Wares or Merchandizes, from the Person or Persons so threatened to be accused; should be deemed Offenders against Law and the public Peace; and the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders should be tried, should, in case he, she or they should be convicted of any of the said Offences, order such Offender or Offenders to be fined and imprisoned, or to be put in the Pillory,

or publicly whipped, or to be transported as soon as conveniently f might be according to the Laws made for Transportation of Feloii9,

to some of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court in which any such Offender or Offenders should be convicted should think fit and order: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be further extended in the manner herein after mentioned; Be it x

therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons Obtainiiw' hf

who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, shall

obtain from any Person or Persons, or from any Body Politic or securities.

Corporate, any Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any

Bowl, Bill of Exchangty Bank Note, Promissory Note or other

Security for the Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for the Payment of Money or Delivery or Transfer of Goods or other

valuable Thing, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Person or Per-

ioai, or any Body Politic or Corporate of the same 5 or shall know- Sending threat*

ttgly fend or deliver any Letter or Writing with or without a Nanie enm<; 15t, e.r % t#

or Names subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious Name or in "com*

fcmes. Letter or Letters threatening to accuse any Person of any ciimea

Crine jmmfhable by Law with Death, Transportation, Pillory or any with an Intent

other infamous Punishment, with a View or Intent to extort or gain c extott or gais

Mjf Bond, BH of Exchange, Bank-Note, Pmnifipry Note or other 01

Security

Sugar used in brewing of Beer or Ale till Nov. i, i8n, on certain Cob, 4itions.

Notice given to JExcise Officer.

His Majesty, by shodarnetion, may permit Brown or Muf- eovado Sugar to be used till 40 Days after next Meeting of Parliament.

C 63, <54.

fr* GEO. III.

Security for the Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order \ the Payment of Money, ' dr Delivery 6r Transfer of Goods or <*valuable Thing, shall be deemed Offenders against Law andtbeP Peace, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and punished in like! tier ad if they had knowingly and designedly, by false Preteade I Pretences, obtained Money, Goods, Warts or Merchandise^ fin Uhy Person or Persons, with Intent to cheat Or defraudwuy* PwftaI Perlotrs of the same, or had lent or delivered such Letter or Wij"' with a View or Intent to extort Money, Goods, Wares <St chandizedi from the Person or Persons fin threatened.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to allow the Use of Sugar in Brewing Beer in

Britain.

[9th June 1 Si 2

1 \\J by several Act* now in force Common

or Retailers of Beer or Ale are prohibited from ufin# Sod

in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale, and it is expedient!

allow the UCe of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or

for a limited time; Be it therefore enacted by the King* ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of J Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, I and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to nodi any such Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale in Oteat Brk until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred twelve, to make use of Sugar in the brewing or miking of any G or Brewing of Beer, Ale or Worts; any thing in any Act or Act of Parliament Contained to the contrary in any Wife notwhhftandP Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained ( extend or be deemed or construed to extend to sHlow any Corns Brewer or Retailer of Bper or Ale to make use of any Mobiles in 1 brewing or making of Beer or Ale, or any Sugar, except in the St in which the same shall have been imported im6 tWs Kingdom, without the same having been previously diluted with Water or < Liquor, or undergone any PrcScefs or Manufacture to alter the i Provided also, that no such Brewer or Retailer, or Brewers or tailers, shall be at Liberty or be allowed or permitted to make 1 of any Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worn, 1 he, she or they shall have given to the Officer of Excifr, voder 1 Survey he, she or they shall be then, Twenty four Honrs [

Notice of his or their Intention so to make use of such Sugar, specifying in such Notice the e*act Hout and TirfcC of his, her or t beginning to brew or make such Guile or Brtwing of Beer, Ale ( Worts, and the Weight of the Sugat to be made use of in the f ing or making of such Guile.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ia cab His Majesty, at any time after the First Day of Gftober in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve* shall in His Royal DiTotthm judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom to permit Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale to make oit of Brown or Muscovado Sugar in the* brewing or making of Bear, Ale or Worts, then and in such case it shall and may be bwfol to aodfor His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, tv he

issued

yC.

A.D.

GEO. III. C .65, 66. 3m

f*d by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to be published am time to time in the London Gazettef to permit and fuflfer all Summon Brewers and Retailers of Beer, Ale or Worts in Great hitmn (bat not any particular Common Brewers or Retailers of leer, Ale or Worts), at any time or times, not less than Thirty )sy from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Council, to rake afc of Brown or Muscovado Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Air or Worts, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of ftriuoieut, under, subject and according to the Rules, Reguta-tiou^'&rftndions. and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures couftdard and provided in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Common Brewer or Restrictienin Render df Beer or Ale shall, during the time that this Act shall to Ufa of Sugar, xouia or continue in force, make use of any Mobiles, Sugar, Honey,

Syvap, Competition or Extract of Sugar, except Brown or Mufco-rado Sogar, made use of in the manner hereinbefore allowed 5 or if wy Common Brewer shall receive or take into his, her or their Ddbdy or Possession, any Quantity of Mobiles, Honey, Syrup,

Compaction or Extract of Sugar, exceeding Ten Pounds Weight,

every Inch Brewer and Retailer shall forfeit and lose for every such Penalty.

Office respectively the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penaltios Jxm*.Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be sued for, recovered, levied or isityited by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt,

Ml, Plant or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court or Exchequer in Scotland respectively; tod that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety tofcim or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. LXVI.

ftn Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices in respect of which Security ought to be given, anj for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices in the Event of inch Security not being given within a time to be limited dfer the Grant of such Offices.

[9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His jog. 3.0.35. 1 tV Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the taking of Senates in all QJJicts in reffeS of which Security ought to he given t 1 and for. 0voiding the Grant of all such Offices in the Event of such

Sawrity not being given within a Time to be limited after the Grant

free Offices: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provi- ions of the Lid recited Act to Scotland; and some of the Enact.

wits of the said Act require to be amended: And whereas con-'ttttshle Expence and Inconvenience has been found to attend the 1 W&enog Memorials of Securities in the Register Office of Middle* rjWi>od loch Expence and Inconvenience will be avoided, and the nyifcs of the said Act move ^ffeftually >carried into Execution,

jfwftsgifter and Account of the Securities given in the ieversd

publy

C. 66.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Provisions of recited Act and this Act extended to Scotland;

But not to extend to Ireland.

Persons already appointed to give Security.

50 G. 3. C. 85. 1. as to registering Memorials repealed.

An Officer in every Department tD keep Securities.

' public Offices of Departments of Government are kept by Person

employed for that Purpose in eacty respective Office or Depart*

ment, and the State thereof from time to time reported to the respective Heads of Departments* and to the Lords Commissionen 1 of His Majesty's Treasury Be it therefore enacted by the Kh('k Most Excellent Majestyrby and with the Advice and Consent of ik Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fune, That all the Pnv vifione contained in the said recited Act relative to registering Seco-rities, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, and also the Provisions of this Act, shall extend and be condrued la extend to Scotland', and to all Offices* Departments and Persons of the like Nature and Description belonging to the Government of Scotland, as are subject thereto in England

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the bid recited A d or this A cl shall extend or be condrued to extend to ar.j Offices or Departments belonging to the Government of Ireland^ nor to any Persons holding or employed in such Offices or Depart* ments, for or in respect of such Offices or Departments; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who before the passing of this Act shall have been appointed to* and shall hold any Office or Employment, or Commission Civil or Military* in any Public Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or any such Office or Employment of Pub. lie Trud under the Crown, or wherein he shall be concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Disbursement or Expenditure of Public Monies, and who by reason thereof shall have been, or shall be required to give Security with Surety or Sureties or otherwise, and who shall not before have given such Security, shall, within One Mouth after the passing of this Act, if such Person shall then be in Scotland^ within Two Months if he shall then be in England or Wales, or within Three Months if he shall then be iu Ireland, or within Six Months if he shall then be in any other Part of Europe, or in the Wcji Indies or America, or within Nine Months if he shall then be in Africa, or within Eighteen Months if he shall then be in the Ed Indies, or in any other Part of Asia % or within Ten Months if be shall then be on the High Seas (unless he shall sooner arrive in England, Wales, or Scotland or Ireland, and then within Three Months after such Arrival) give and execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds, or other Security or Securities in such Sum of Money and with such sufficient Surety or Sureties, as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officers of the Office or Department to which he belongs, for the due Performance of the Trud reposed in him* and for the duly accounting for all the Public Monies cn truded to him or placed under his Controul.*

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires Memorials of Securities given by any public Officers to be made out and regidered with the Regider of the County of Middlesext shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Vv And be it further enacted, That in every Public Office or De- % part ment, the Officers or Persons belonging to which are required to give Security in manner directed by the said recityd Act or by this

AS,

C. 66.

33L7

52 GEO. III.

Act, some Person or Persons belonging to such Office or Department AaQ be appointed and authorised and required by the Person or Per-fcas having the Power, Direction and Controuj over such Office or Department, to keep and register the Securities relating to the Office or Department to which he shall belong, and from time to time to report the State thereof in manner directed by this Act; and all such Securities as aforesaid shall be delivered to such Person or Persons, to be registered under this Act, within such Periods (except whefe othefinfe prescribed by this Act) and under and subject to the fuse Penalties and Forfeitures in case of Neglect or Omission to deliver such Securities, as are prescribed in the said recited Act with frfpeft to registering Memorials with the said Register of Middlesex.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person so to be appointed Such Officer to cr to be employed to keep and register the Securities given or re- lay Accoum* quired to be given by Persons employed in or belonging to each ^efore Head* of respective Public Office or Department, shall immediately after the &* ^noadly*passing of this Act keep a Book of Entry of all Securities given in*

lbch Office, and shall in the First Place enter therein all Securities of Persons belonging to such Office which have been already registered in the Office of the Register of the County of Middlesex, and shall thereafter from time to time enter therein all such Securities, and also all Deaths of Sureties, and all Omissions or Negleds in giving Securities or in supplying the Places of any Sureties, and all other Particulars necessary to ffiew the actual State of the Securities in such respective Office or Department; and shall within Three Months after the piling of this Act, and thereafter once in each Year between the Fifth Day of January and the Twenty fifth Day of March lay an Account of the State of the Securities in such Department at the time of the making out such Account, together with an Abstract thereof, before the Commissioners or other Head Officer or Officers of the Office or Department to which the Securities shall relate, or in which the same are taken; and such Abstract shall within One Month after the said Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year be tnnsmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, of Great Britain, with a Minute in each case of any Orders which may have been given by the respective Commissioners or other Head Officer or Officers aforesaid, in relation to any Omissions or Negleds as to such Securities, or the keeping the Account thereof, and of what may have been done upon any such Orders.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Persons whohsr# who shall have already registered a Memorial of any Security with alreadyregisterei the Register of Middlesex, under the Provisions of the said recited not required i Act, shall be required to register the same Security with the Officer regI er agam* or Person appointed or employed to keep Securities under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person as Notice of Dead* aforesaid, who shall have given any Bond or Bonds or other Security or Bankruptc) of or Securities, with Surety or Sureties, for the due Execution of the Sureties giveu. Trod reposed in him, or for the duly accounting for Public Monies

coming to his Hands, shall give Noticfc in Writing to the Head of As Office or Department \o which he shall belong, of the Death t^ankruptcy of any Surety or Sureties or Person or Persons bound ftcor with him in any such Security or Securities, within-Four Ca-

6 lend*!*'

C. 6

A.D. 1812.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Heads of Departments may allow further lime for giving Securities.

GEO. III.

lendar Months after the same shall have come to his Knowledge he shall relide or be in Great Britain or Ireland, and if he Ml then on the High Seas then within Four Calendar Months rfirf? Arrival in Great Britain or Ireland, or within Twelve C<L Months if he shall then be in any Parts beyond the Seas, except East Indies or Parts beyond the Cape of Good Hope, and v Eighteen Months if he shall be in the East Indier or in any; beyond the Cape of Good Hope, unless he shall sooner arrive ir ( Britain or Ireland, and then within Four Months after such At and every such Person who shall neglect to give such Notice v such Period as aforesaid, shall forfeit One Fourth Part ofi: for which the Surety so dead or become Bankrupt shall hat?g Security, to the Use of His Majesty, to be recovered, if such N shall relate to any such Office or Employment in England\ the Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint formation, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General;: such Office or Employment be in Scotland, then to be ruo there in the Court of Session or in the Court of Exchequer: land, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at t of His Majesty's Advocate; and every such Person who (h i the Death or Bankruptcy of any Surety neglect to give the Set of another Surety, to be approved in such Manner as such^dying or becoming Bankrupt was approved, within such Perui his having given Notice of the Death or Bankruptcy of the ft Surety, as is by the said Act and this Act limited for giving: giftering the original Security, the same Regard being hid t Place in which such Person may then be, shall forfeit his A; .; ment, Office, Employment or Commission, in like manner ar: and subject to the Provisions in the said recited Act contain extending such Periods and giving Relief in the cases in the: cited Act and this Act specified.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if K appear to the Persons or Person being at the Head of and barir.; Chief Management and Direction of the Public Department in* such Office or Place shall be, or to such Number of the Comm iff or Persons at the Head of such Public Department as by the La Usage or Custom of such Department are authorised or empn to make any Order relating to the public Business of such D ment, to whom respectively Notice shall have been given of the Dtf of any such Surety, that the Period limited by this Act for grv Security for such new Surety is, in consequence of particular A. dents, Casualties or Circumstances, insufficient, or that bf T2/: of the Distance, or Loss of Letters, or Illness, or the Refui. any Surety to give the Security, or of such Surety being not d? eligible, and being rejected, or any other Accident or Gi that further time will be necessary to enable the Security of new Surety to be given, it shall be lawful for such Officer or missioners as aforesaid, or Person or Persons so at the Head Public Department as aforesaid, to allow' such further Pcno. giving the Security of such new Surety as shall appear to her: able and proper; provided that such extended Period shall in r exceed Twelve Mouths beyond the Period allowed by th* A*' provided also, that the precise Period proposed to be allowed, t v iiier wifch the special Grounds for allowing the same, (haD be id i

enter i

1

rti?. ji QEQ. III. C. 66- 33?

i in the Book in which the original Security shall have been red, or indorsed on the Back of the original Bond or other or Security itself; and the Person required to give the Se-of such new Surety shall not be subject to any Forfeiture or y for oot giving the same within the time limited by thiq A (wes k within such extended Period so allowed as aforesaid.

Trofided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be His Majestyert-I for His Majesty to remit any Forfeiture or Penalty* in apy \ which the *ailqre of giving any Security, or registering any or Security unejer the said recited Act, or the Delivery of Jcority to the proper Officer or Person to be registered und^f $, shall not have arisen from any wilful Neglect of the Person to give such Security or regii^er such Memorial, or deliver

Ipunty.

j. And whereas it hat been the Practice in same of the Public

U* in Scotland to take Bonds or Securities from fVrfont

j|g Offices there, according to the Forms of the Law of Scot-

[thereby Property Real and Personal can, if neceflfcry, be

Py and effectually attached; and which Practice has been

Isapedient in several Instances Be it therefore further en-

That it shall and may be lawful to take Bonds and Securities, Bonds in Scot-

panted by Persons holding Public Offices in Scotland, a- land taken ac-

; to the Forms observed in Scotland or hitherto adopted, or c"rd, n4 to ^orm

Pg to the Forms observed in England, as it shall be deemed, >nH gjj*

ypdient; and also to prosecute, sue for and recover upon the ian

llready granted or to be granted, according to the Forme

in the Law of Scotland, or according to the Forms observed

law of England, either in the Court of S'.ifion or Couit of

W in Scotland) and according to the Process and Diligence

tfeefe refoftctive Courts, as shall appear bed calculated in the

fauces of the case to obtain the speedy and effectual Recovery

Public Money.

} Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing Ahnottoex-recited Act or this Act contained shall extend to the tend to Bonds of Ur other Securities of any Receiver General of the Duties llif Management of the Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes, Taxes/*

Mr Sureties, but the faipe shall continue to be taken under Stbnrky of Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of His Treasury, by the Ring's Remembrancer of the Court of per, and to be recorded in his Office in like manner as they aifclbrc been.

t provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Period for Re-Ipities of the Principal and Sureties are executed at dif- giftry of Securi-ks whether the same are taken in one and the same Boud, t, es estimated ether lullfument, or in different ones, the Period limited

fcrwg such Securities shall be estimated from the time of

PUm thereof by the Person who shall have been the last to m uch Bpod* Deed or other Instrument.

r Prpvkled always, and be it further enacted, That no No Irregularity i Oaifiwp or Irregularity, in giying or renewing the Bonds t. avoi<I Securi*

Securities, or registering the same within the Periods, or tlcs* ipuer poescribed by the said re/cited Act or this Act, shall be I to have vacated or made void, or to vacate or make void or other $ecprjty, to have discharged or to kw. III. Z discharge

Deeds registered although IVriwd fli il have ea-

pUud.

50 G. 3. c. 85.

51 G. 3. C. 98. LX 1'.

Indemnification for Persons omitting to give Se*

CUiitUS.

C. 66. S2' GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

discharge any Surety from the Obligations of any such Bond or Security.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Deeds, Bonds or other Securities required to be registered shall be registered by the proper Officer, notwithstanding the Period prescribed for registering the same shall have expired; but no such registering of any such Deed; Bond or other instrument, shall be deemed or construed to waive any Forfeiture or Penalty, or to exempt the Periba on whole Behalf the same shall have been registered from any For. feiture or Penalty under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act.

XVI. And whereas divers Persons, who by reason of their Appointments to or holding certain Offices or Employments, 01 4 Commissions Civil or Military, in any Public Department or d 4 Public Trust, or who by reason of being concerned in the Col

ledlion, Receipt, DilLurfeir.ent or Expenditure of any Public Money or otherwise, are or may be required or bound under thit Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforefuj to give atiy such Security or to register any such Memorial as h mentioned in that Act, or to give Notice of the Death of in)

Surety, or upon the Death of any such Surety to give Security oi another Surety, and to register a Memorial of the Security of lud new Surety, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, q 4 some unavoidable Accident, omitted or may omit to give such Se 4 curitics, and to cause such Memorials thereof to be duly registered

or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety as aforesaid withk such time and in such manner as in and by the said Act is required:

whereby they have incurred or may be in Danger of incurring direr

Penalties and Disabilities: And whereas an Act passed in the lad 1 Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to Indemnify such Perfm in the United Kingdom as have omitted to give Securities and to regifa Memorials thereof under an Act of the last Session of Parliament and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectivd) 4 until 'Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session ej Parliament; and the said last recited Act ha6 expired, and it is ne ceflary that further Indemnity should be given to Persons who shall comply with the Provisions of the said Act and this Act withic limited Periods; Be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or hare omitted to give such Security, and to cause such Memorial thereoftc be duly registered in such manner as in and by the said recited Act i\ required, or to give Notice of the Death of any such Surety as aforesaid, and who after being appointed to, and accepting any such Office, Place or Employment, or undertaking any thing on account of which such Security ought to have been or ought to be given and such Memorial thereof registered, at any time before the passing of this Act, or who at any time before the Expiration of Twc Months from the passing of this Act shall give such Security and deliver the same as required by this Act, or give such Notice as aforesaid in such manner as is appointed by this Act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against ai Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Difiibilities incurred or tc be incurred, for- or by reason of any Negltdl or Omission of giving any such Security, or registering any such Memorial, or giving any

7 fuel

GoO

A.D. 181 a*.

52 GEO. III. C. 6<5, 67. 341

loch Notice, according to the above mentioned Act; and such Person and Persons is and are and shall be fully restored to the same* State and Condition as he, she or they were in before such Neglect or Omifhon; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had given such Security and registered such Memorial, or given such Notice, according to the Directions of the said Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Securities re-Securities shall and may be given and delivered to and registered by giftered. the same Officers and Persons, in the same manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, and within the extended Periods allowed by this Act for the giving or registering Securities, ifld shall in such case be as valid and effectual as if such Securities had been given and registered within the respective Periods limited for those Purposes in the said recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Action, GenerdIflue. Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, shall from and after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, re-capacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty,

Incapacity or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglerst or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence, give this Act and the special Matter ia Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for settling and securing certain Annuites on the Widow and eldest Son of the late Right Honourable Spence?

Percrualy and for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of his other Children., [9th June 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to declare,

that Your Majesty being deeply impressed with the severe Loss which Your Majesty and the Country have sustained in consequence of the Murder of the Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and

bring desirous of marking Your Sense of his public and private Virtues, and of affording Relief and Assistance to his numerous and afflicted Family, recommended to Your faithful Commons to

enable Your Majesty to make Provision for his Widow and Far milv Now We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds Annuity of <iWful Money of Great Britain, and One other Annuity or apcol. and of YeaW Sam of One thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great to^idow^nd Bekm, Chaff be respectively issuing and payable out of and charged eueft Son, &c.

34

A.D. 1812.

C. 61.

Jja* GEO. III.

and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, aftet paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Mo* ney as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, and the same Annuities or yearly Sums shall froa time to time be paid free and clear of aH Taxes and Deductoes whatsoever, except the Property Tax, in manner and form following; that is to say, the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two thou* fond Pounds to the Honourable Jane Perceval, the Widow of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, for and during the natural Life of the said Jane Perceval, and from and after her Decease unto or for the Benefit of such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, as shall be the Heir Mile of the Body of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval at the time of the Decease of the said Honourable Jane Perceval, foe and during the Term of the natural Life of such Son or Grandfoi, and until the same Annuity shall so by the Decease of the said Honourable Jane Perceval devolve upon such Son or Grandson, the said Annuity of One thousand Pounds shall be paid and applied to or for the Benefit of the Son or Grandson of the same late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, who shall be for the time being the Heir Male of the Body of the said late Right Honourable Sfenar Perceval, for and during the joint natural Life or Lives of such Sot for Grandson, as the case may be, and of the said Honourable Jeru Percevali which said Annuities or yearly Sums shall respectively commence and take Effect from the Eleventh Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve; the pirft quarterly Payment of each of the said Annuities or yearly Sums to be computed and made rateably from the said Eleventh Day of May to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence the same Annuities or yearly Sums shall be payable quarterly on the Four usual Days of Payment 'in the Year; that is to say, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, together with a rateable Payment of each of the said Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, to be computed from the lall quarterly Payment before the Death until the Day of the Death of, and os such Death to be paid to the Executors, Administrators or Assigni of the Person to whom or for whose Benefit the said Annuities or yearly Sums shall be respectively payable.

PUringMinority

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until the

of Son, Annuity $on or Grandson who shall be entitled as aforesaid, for the time being, Trustees.

to such Annuity of One thousand Pounds, or Two thousand Pounds as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, the said Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, so long as the same shall be payable, and the said Annuity or yearly Bum of Two thousand Pounds in case the said Honourable Jane Perceval shall die before the Son or Grandson entitled at the time of her Death shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, (foil be

r'd to and received by the Trustees appointed by or under this Act, relation to the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds herein after mentioned and the Acquittance or Receipt of such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, of whom the Speaker of the Houfo of Commons,

I.D. iSn.

343

52* GCO. III.

C. 67.

born, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, or Chancellor of tie Exchequer, Audi be One, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the

Payment of either of such Annuities or yearly Sums, as the case may be, until such Son or Grandson shall attain the Age of Twenty one Yean, and the same Trustees shall apply such Part or Proposition of the Anility or yearly Sum which shall from time to time be payable for the Benefit of the Son. or Grandson entitled to such Annuity as afcfcsaid, as they may deem proper, in and for or towards the Maintenance and Education or Advancement in Life of the Son or Grandson entitled to such Annuity as aforesaid, and shall lay out andiaveft the Surplus of such Annuity or yearly Sum in Government Stocks or Public Funds in the Names of such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, for the Use and Benefit of the Son or Grandson entitled to such Annuity, and shall, upon such Son or Grandson attaining the Age of Twenty one Years, transfer the Stocks or Foods so purchased, and ail Accumulations which shall have arifeo fism the Inve&ment of the Income thereof in like Securities unto the Son or Grandson entitled to such Annuity under this Act; and is case of his dying under the Age of Twenty one Years, then do tad dull stand possessed of the same Stocks or Funds and Accumulations in Trust for the Person or Persons, who according to the Sta-tales for the Distributkra of Intestate's Effects, would have been en titled to the dear Residuum of the Perfoqal Eftaie of such Son or Grandson in case he had died intestate.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Fifty thousand so, ooool. paid to Poinds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be paid out of any of the Aids or Suoplies granted for the Sendee of the Year One thou-^cn' find eight honored and twelve, free and dear of all Taxes and other Dedn&ions whatsoever, to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer, or the First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being respectively, the said Jane Perceval, Charles George Lord Arden* John Lord Redefdale f nd Andreev Berkeley Drummond Esquire, in Trust for the Use of the Children of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and to apply the same in the manner hesitnafter directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That until such Sum of Fifty thou- Until payment bad Pounds shall be so paid to such Tniftees as aforesaid, there shall is made Imerctt be paid to the said Trustees from time to time out of the said Con- shall be paid, feraled Fuad, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay any Sum

feefted to be paid by former Acts, but with Preference to other Pay-neats, Interest for such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds after the Rate of Five PoundsArr Centum per Annum clear of all Deductions except the Property Tax, and such Interest shall commence and take Effied from the said Eleventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 the First Payment of Interest to be computed and naderateabiy from the said Eleventh Day of May, to the said Fifth Daj of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from race such Interest shall be payable Quarterly on the Tenth Day d Odder, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and Ae Fifth Day of July in each Year, until such Sum of Fifty thou*

(nd Pounds shall be ft> paid as aforesaid, and any Fradion of a Qtotedy Payment of such Interest shall be computed and paid to utDiyof such Payment of the Principal: Provided always, that it Provfo.

344

A.D. 1812.

C. 67.

52 GEO. III.

Treasury to pass Warrants for Payment without Fees.

Warrant not revocable.

Treasury and

Exchequer required to do what is necedjry without Fee.

shall be lawful from time to time to advance and pay any Part or Parts of such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds according to and for the Purposes of this Act, without Payment of the Whole thereof; and in any such case all Interest for so much of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds as shall be so paid shall cease and be no longer payable from the Day or Days of such Payment; and the Interest which shall afterwards be paid shall be computed only on so much of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds as shall then remain unpaid, acd such Interest shall he paid accordingly.

V. And it is hereby further cuacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury nowand for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and the Lord High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and required by Warrant under their Hands to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures for paying the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from time to time for paying the said Annuities or yearly Sums of Two thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds respectively, and Interest as aforesaid on the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, z % the same respectively shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof, which said Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon shall be a sufficient Authority 10 the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Trustees respectively as aforesaid, and also for Payment of the said Annuities or yearly Sums of Two thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds respectively, and also such interest as aforesaid to the said Jane Per-ceval, or such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforesaid, or such Trustees as aforesaid, as the case may be, at the respective Days, and in manner in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof respectively, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained iu that Behalf.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and shall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demifeof His Majesty, (whom God long preserve,) or any of his Heirs or SucccfTons, or b? or upon the Death or Removal of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or the Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissionro of His Majesty's Treasury, now and for the time being, and the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being. Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorised and (Iridly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed

by

345

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 6j.

bjr them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the fcrrral Payments hereby directed effectual.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Trulors reflectively, for the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and the lut* ivlt thereof, so directed to be paid to them, and of the said Jane Peruv J fur the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two thousar.d Pounds, and of such Son or Grandfoc of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Pact veil as aforesaid, or the said Trustees as aforesaid, for the said Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds or Two thousand Pounds respectively, as the case may require, 0^iil) be a good and Sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and Interest, and Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, without any further or otfi r Warrant to be sued fur or obtained in that Behalf, and that the said seveni Annuities or yearly Sums, and the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof respectively and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other public Charges whatsoever (except the Property Tax), in respect of the said Annuities and Interest; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuities or yearly Sums of Money or either of them, or any Part thereof, or the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or Interest for the lame, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Trustees respectively, and the said Jane Perceval, and such Son or Gratidson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforesaid, or any of them, to receive the same, then the said Trustees respectively, and the said Jane Perceval, and such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforesaid, may from time to timelue, prosecute and implead such Officers or any of themfo refusing or neglecting, and their Executors and Administrators respectively, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, and their respective Heirs, Executors or Ad-nuuitlrators, for so much of such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, or for any such Interest as aforesaid as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of the said Annuities or yearly Sums or Interest respectively, or any Part thereof respectively as aforesaid, or for the Rehifnl or Neglect to do any Ad neceflkry to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall from time to time be invested accordingxo the Directions in this Act contained, shall be vested in the said Trustees upon the Trulls and for the Purposes following; that is to say, Upon Trull, for all tad every the Children and Child or such One or more of the Children of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval\ in such Shares nA Propositions, and in such Manner and Fornp>and with such Limi-over for the Benefit of others or other of such Children, as the Z 4 said

Acquittances of Trullet s, &c. ^ood Dikhai^at,

The rfy>3ot. to b; v.Gd in Trailers for Pur Kites herein-m onioned.

0

A.O.ifljj.

Proviso,

Manner of In-

vestment and Application of the 50, 0001. and annual Proceeds under Direction of Mrs.Perceval

said Jane Perceval shall from time to time by any Inftnimetit or liW struments in Writing sealed and delivered by her, in the Prefencecf, and attested by Two or more credible Witnessea, with or without Poorer of Revocation or by her last Will and Testament in Writing or any Codicil signed by her, and published in the Presence of ttl attested by the like Number of Witnessea, direct or appoint; and it Default of such Direction or Appointment, and in the mean tine until any such shall be made and subject to any such Directou or Appointment, which '/hall not be a complete and absolute Dispositxn of the Whole of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of the Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the same shall be invested, ore/ the entire Property therein, upon Trust for all and every the Children and Child of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, in equal Shares and Propositions, and to be veiled in Trust in them respedmly, on their respectively attaining the Age of Twenty one Years, ormJttv rying, Which shall first happen, and whether the same shall happen in the Life-time of the said Jane Perceval or after het Death, hot fob* jed to such Powers of Appointment as aforesaid; and if any of the same Children shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, then the Parts and Shares of such of them as shall so die, shall go over and be paid and transferred to the others or other of such Children, with like Benefit of Accruer, and all accruing Sham Aifl also go over and be paid in like manner and be veiled m Trofts in such Children respectively, at the same times as their Original Sham ns spectively; Snd if all of such Children shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, except one, then the Whole shall be paid and transferred to such only Child who shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or marry under that Age, and his or her Executors or Administrators; but if all the said Children shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, then the Whole of the Add Trust Funds remaining unappointed shall go and be paid to the Survivor of such Children, and his or her Executors or Administra-tors} Provided always, that in case any such Child shall by virtue of any Appointment to be made by the said Jane Perceval as aforesaid, have received or become entitled to any Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of the Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the same or any Part thereof shall have been invested, such Child shall not receive any Part of the Fund remaining unappointed, until the Sham of the other Children shall be made up equal with the Child in whose Favour any such Appointment shall have been made, unless the said Jane Perceval shall by some Instrument in Writing so executed and attested as aforesaid, or by her last Will and Testament in Writing or any Codicil also so executed and attested as aforesaid, direct to the contrary.

X. And be it further enacted, That when the said Trustees shall have received the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds or any Part thereof, they shall lay out and invest the same or so much thereof as shall not be then actually due and payable to any Children or Child of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval under the Trofts aforesaid, either in or upon any Government Stocks or Funds, or at Interest on any Real Securities, in the Names of the said Trustees for the time being, and the said Trustees shall pay and apply the Interest payable by virtue of this Act in respect of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof remaining unpaid, and aHo the

Dividends

A.D. 1812.

347

52 GEO. III. C. 67.

Dividends and Interests and annual Proceeds of the said Stocks, foods and Securities from time to time in and towards the Mainte-nance and Education, or for the Benefit of all and every or any of the Children of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, as the said Jane Perceval shall from time to time by Writing under her Hand drred, and shall also from time to time apply any Part or Proposition of the said Principal Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds when received, or of any Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the same or any Part thereof AaH be inverted for the Advancement in Life of any of such re<pedi?e Children, whether upon Marriage or otherwise, and in such Propositions and to such Amount as to any of such Children, whether Male or Female, as shall by any Instrument in Writing sealed and delivered by the said Honourable Jane Perceval and attested by Two credible Witnesses, be from time to time directed and appointed; and after such Application as aforesaid of such Dividends, Interests or an* Dual Proceeds, in case there shall be any Surplus thereof, do and shall layout and invest the same in or upon any such other Stocks, Funds and Securities as aforesaid, in the way of Accumulation, and so from time to time during the Life of the said Honourable Jane Perceval, fabjeA nevertheless to such Power of Appointment as aforesaid with rofped to the Principal as Well as Dividends, Interests or Proceeds as aforesaid, and from and immediately after the Death of the said Jim Percevaly then as to the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall be inverted, and rifo as to all such Accumulations, if any, as last mentioned, or so much of such Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds, Securities and Ac-cumitkrioQs as shall not have been before disposed of according to the Trusts aforesaid 5 in Trust to pay and apply the same Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, (except the Accumulations) according to the Trusts hereinbefore declared concerning the same, and to pay asd apply such last mentioned Accumulations according to the Trusts before declared of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stories, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall be inverted.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Death of the said Jane Perceval, in the mean time and until the said Principal Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall be inverted, shall become payable or assignable and transferable by virtue of the Trusts aforesaid, the Dividends, Interest and annual Produce thereof, or of so much thereof whereof no Direction or Appointment to the contrary (kaH have been made as aforesaid, or so much and such Part of such Dividends, Interests and annual Produce as the same Trustees shall item necessary and expedient, shall be paid and applied by the lame Trustees, in, for and towards the Maintenance and Education of such Child or Children of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval % whose Share or respective Shares of and in the same Principal Sum, or Stocks, Funds and Securities shall not then have become payable or (ffignable and transferrable under the Trusts aforesaid, according and in Proposition to their fevered presumptive Rights and Shares in the hoe Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds or Securities, and the Remainder (ifany) of such Dividends, Interest and annual Produce shall accu-tfc&fte for the Benefit of the same Cnildreu according to their pre-fattne Shares of the Principal from whence such Accumulations Mwk.

After Death of Mrs. Perceval how Money applied.

A.D. 1812.

Trustees to a^ply Funds in Det.u it of Appointment.

Funds mny be changed.

Appointment of new Trustees when uecefiary.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the Death of the said Honourable Jane PercevaU m Default of any Direction or Appointment as aforesaid by the said Honourable Jazs Perceval to the contrary, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees fur the time bring to apply all or any Part of the Share or Shares of any such Child or Children being a Son or Sons, of and in the said Trust Funds, for placing out such Son or Sons in any ProiefEun or Employment, or for his or their Instruction therein, or for purchasing him or them a Commission or Rank in the Army or otherwise for his or their Advancement or Benefit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the said Honourable Jane Perceval during her Life, and after her Death at their own Discretion, to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the said Trust Funds, and Securities, and to lay out and invest the Monies arising therefrom in or upon any other such Government or Real Securities as aforesaid; and in like manner to alter, vary and change such other Government Stocks, Fuuds and Real Securities for others of the same or the like Nature, and so from time to time as often as shall be deemed expedient, subject always nevertheless io the Trusts thereof hereinbefore declared.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That upoo the Death of any of them the said Charles George Lord Ardenf John Lord Redejdale and Andrew Berkeley Drummond Esquire, or of any Person or Persons who shall become a Trustee or Trusttes under the Power of Appointment herein contained p and also in case they the said Charles George Lord Ardeny John Lord Redejdale and Andrew Berkeley Drummond Esquire, or such new Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed as herein mentioned, or any or either of them, shall desire to be discharged from or decline to act in the Trusts in and by this Act declared; then and in every such case, and with all convenient Speed after the happening of any such case, the said Jane Perceval, and in case of her Death the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee shall with the Consent in Writing of the Speaker of the House of Commons, or the First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, by some Deed or Instrument in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the said Jane Perceval\ or in case of her Death under the Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal of such surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, nominate any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or deflring to be discharged or declining to act as aforesaid; and such new Trustee and Trustees shall have and be iimfted with such and the same Powers in all respects as if he or they had been originally nominated a Trustee or Trustees in ai.d by this Act, and after every such Appointment of a new Trustee or Trustees, such Conveyances and Acts shall be executed and done, as shall be requisite for veiling the Estate and Interest of and in all and Angular the Trust Premises in the continuing Trustee or Trustees (if any such there be), and such new Trustee or Trustees conjundly, or in such new Trustees, or such new Trustee only, according to the Nature of the Case, but upon the Trusts and for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, and in the mean time the Trust Premises shall be and remain in the remaining Trustees thereof for the time being, or the Survivors or Survivor of

them,

349

*hem, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor or his Jicirs, according to the Nature of the Trull IV nnfes.

XV. And be it further enacted, Tint it shall be lawful for any ThreeTiuftcts (Three of the Traders for the Purposea of this Act for the time being, may act.

bo do and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things in Execution of the Trusts aforesaid, as all the said Trustees respectively are hereby authorised and empowered to do, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done and executed by all the said Trustees respectively: Provided always, that in every such Ad, Provisow Matter or Thing done by Three Truih-es, the said Speaker of the Honk of Commons, or Lord High Treasurer, or First Lord CommiiSoner of the Treasury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, shall be one.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful The Speaker,

for the Speaker of the House of Common?, the Lord High Treasurer may appo: nt of the Exchequer, or First Lord Conuniffloiier of the Trcdlury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being respectively, from time to time, by Writing under Hand and Seal, to appoint a Person to act for each of them respectively, in nil or any of the Trulls of this Act, and either under such Except.ons and llellriot*ons as to such Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Ili'di Tveulurer of the Exchequer, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being respectively,

shall seem meet, or without any Exception or Rellridion, and also from time to time to remove such Substitute and to appoint any other Person for the same Purpose; and all things which shall be done by any Person so appointed as aforesaid, within the Corr.pass and during the Continuance of such his Appointment, hull be as valid and effectual for the Purposes of this Act as if such things had been done by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who shall respectively make such Appointment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Trustees only time being, of this Act, or any of them, shall not be charged or ai.fwerable for chargeable with or accountable for any more of the Trull Monies wlm they shall and Premises than they shall respectively actually receive, or shall re<-elve&c* come to their respective Hands by virtue of the Trulls herein declared,

bot with or for any Loss which shall or may happen of the same Trust Monies and Premises, or of any Part thereof, so as such Loss happen without their wilful Neglect or Default; and that it shall be lawful for the same Trustees for the time being, and every of them, in the first Place by and out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said Trusts, to dedud, retain to and reimburse themselves respectively, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences, as they shall respectively pay, bear, fultuin, expend or be put unto, for or by reafou or means of all or any of the said Trulls,

Powers and Authorities, or the Management or Execution thereof, or any Ad, Transaction, Matter or Thing whatsoever in any wise howsoever relating thereto.

C. 68.

jt Geo. nr.

A.D. 1812.

4* G. 3. C.IJO.

49 G. 3. c. 4?.

49 G. 3. c. 8a.

49 G.3.c; 129. and also so much f5 G. 3. c. aj. as rehtes to the Local Militia, repealed.

Repeal of Act* not to ifte& Commissions.

Local Militia now serving to continue to serve as if AO had not been made.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia it Scotland.

[loth June 18 f a.]

WHEREAS the Local Militia, as by Law established, In! been found of the utmost Importance to the internal De < fence of this Realm: And whereas it is necessary, in the prefrat

Circumstances of Europe, that the said Force should be perns-

nently maintained: And whereas the Laws now in force for regc- lating the Local Militia require Amendment; and it is expedient

that some of the' Provisions contained in the federal Acts relating ta

the same should be repealed, and others of them continued and

amended, and that new Provisions should be be made; and k would greatly tend to the better Execution thereof, if the Whole of th* mid Provisions were comprised in One Act of Parliament: And whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, that certain Act

and Part of Acts now in force should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Con* mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to eRablish a permanent Local Militia Force tn Scotland, under certain ReRriSions, for the Defence of the Realm; and also Three several Acts, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Local Militia, the One intituled At A8 to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the left Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to eflabkfb a permanent Coed Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Refiridions, for the Defence of the Realm; the other intituled An Act to amend several Acts passed is the last and present Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local Marti* / and the other intituled An Act to prevent the enlijling of Local MiTsti* Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong; and also so much of another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act so amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, as relates to the Local Militia, shall be tod the same are hereby repealed$ and that the Local Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject to all the Provisioss and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the repealing of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or any or either of them, shall not affect any Commission already granted under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, but that all such Persons to whom any such Commissions shall have been granted, shall and may ad in the Execution of this Act, in like manoer as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any or either of them: Provided also, that. so many of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and private Local Militia Men as are now serving for the several Counties, Stewartries and Places in Scotland, shall be liable and continue to serve in the same manner and for the same Length of time as they ought tn have served if this Act had not been made, and shall be liable andl4 bjed to the same Penalties, Pains, Fines and Forfeitures

A.Diitn.

C. 68.

351

5i#Geo. in-

fat wet for any Offence which they may have respectively committed previous to the passing of this Act, in the same manner as if the Ofeace had not been committed till after the passing of this Act $ and from time to time, in every case, where it shall be necessary to supply aoy Deficiency in the Number of private Local Militia Men at aoy County, Stewartry or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to supply such Deficiency shall be raised, provided and emailed, asd shall serve in the manner and for the time directed by sod uflder and according to the Provisions, Rules and Regulations of tbh Ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Lieutenants of Counties and Stewartries, or, in the Absence of the Lieutenant, the Vice Lieutenant or any Three Deputy Lieutenants duly authorised by His Majesty, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby requited from time to time to constitute and appoint such Persons as they fell think fit, being qualified as herein after is directed, and living vitlua their ivspective Counties, Stewartries and Places, or within same adjacent Counties, Stewartries or Places, to be Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and other Officers, qualified as herein after' dtre&ed, to train, discipline and command the Persons to be so armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to His Majesty the Names and Ranks of all sech Officers so to be appointed 5 and in case His Majesty shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before Him, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Lieutenants to grant a Commssion to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions mall be quoted to all such Persons who shall not be disapproved by His Majesty 5 and the Officers so appointed for the Local Militia, to be armed sod arrayed as herein after directed, shall rank with the Officers f His Majesty's Regular Militia as youngest of their Rank: Pro-tided always, that no higher Rank shall be given in any Regiment of Local Militia than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, except is cases where the Commandant shall have served with the Rank of Cstad m His Majesty's Regular Foroes, or Regular or Supple-sudUry Militia r Fencibles, or be the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of aoy County or Stewartry.

11L And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Local Militia bofeisg the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, shall take ittkofand command all other Lieutenant Colonels serving in the feud Local Militia, notwithstanding the Commissions of the said Lieu-ton* Colonels should be of a prior Date to the Commissions of such Lkfttcaant Colonels Commandant; and that Officers of the Local Milks shall yank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, scooiding to the Dates of their respective Commissions: Provided stays, that every Officer of Local MiUtia, who shall have held any (tatoififen in any Volunteer Corps at the time of his becoming an Oftptr of the Local Militia, shall be entitled to rank with the Ofiofirs of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to the Date dkhCiM8ttfion<of the same. Rank in the Volunteers.

IV. IVovided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person tfefeallhate held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion ^terror Supplementary Militia, and who may be appointed to ta (tanged oi any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia to be raised

Lieutenant (halt appoint Officers.

Rank of Officers

Lieutenant Co* lonels Commandant to commandLieutenant Colonel;

Provif_

Rank in Local Militia of Officers who have served in Regular or Supplementary Militia.

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

52 GEO. III.

ProviCb.

Commissions not revoked by Revocation of Po.ver of Grantor.

Qualifications of Oihters.

raised by virtue of this Act, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission, in the Local Militia; and every Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry, as long as he shall continue to act as such, who shall be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforesaid, shall rank a Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission in the Local Militia; and every Person who shall have served in the Regular or Supplementary Militia as a Cornu iflioned Officer, and by reason of the Reduction of such Militia shall have ceased to hold such Rank, shall, if appointed to a like Commission in the Local Militia, rank according to the Date of his first Commission: Provided always, that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Militia shall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia already granted or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia, in pursuance of this Act, (except withia the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties) shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall be seised or possessed of an Ellate in Property, either in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, of Three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in Scotland, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Major, shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Two hundred Pounds of valued Rent, or shall himself be possessed of Real or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of One thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Person so to be appointed Lieutenant shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Twenty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of foine Person who shall be or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Forty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who shall be or who at the time of H* Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or pot-sessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds Sterling; and that every Person so to be

appointed

A.D. 1812.

353

52 GEO. in C. 681.

appointed an Ensign shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a

[Proviso.]

like Estate as aforesaid of Ten Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Three hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of same Person who shall be or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Twenty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who (halibeorwho at the time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together (o the Amount or Value of Six hundred Pounds Sterling: Provided always, that any Officer who shall have held any Commission in His Majesty's Regular Army, or in the Regular or Supplementary Militia, or in any Fencible Regiment, or who shall have transferred h.nftelf together with his Corps or any Part thereof, from the Volunteers into the Local Militia with His Majesty's Approbation, shall be eligible and duly qualified to hold the same Rank in the Local Militia, although not qualified as hereinbefore directed; any thing in tins Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Qualification of Officers of the Local Militia in and for the City of Edinburgh and Office's of Local Liberties thereof, shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every vv"^lia

Person to he appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall be seised or poftel- X

fed of a Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised and possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds Sterling j and every Person to be appointed a Major shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Captain shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling; and every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant >shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Twenty*

Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of Personal Estate alone, or seised crpoffefted of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Three hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling; and every Person to be appointed an Ensign shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of Personal Etbte alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Two hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter No Officer fupe-b? appointed to a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of rior to a Subal-Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace ten of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which he shall be appointed,jon delivere/to" * (in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a clerk of the fp*ik Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, Peace, who shall

Rating

Q.69.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1f it.

Clerk of the Peace to enter Qualifications

January to Secretary of State Certificate of Qualifi ations to be laid before Parliament.

transmit Copy to Gating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Eflatet which

County Lieu- form his Qualification is or are situate, if the same be a Real Estate;

tsnant. or if the same be Personal Property, then of the Particulars of fact

Personal Property; or if the Qualification arise from Service in His Majesty's Regular Foroes, Regular or Supplementary Militia or F*t* cibles, or Volunteers as aforesaid, then of the Particulars of such Service; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to tie Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, a Copy of such Dw-scription; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lieutenant, ffaaO be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace $f every County, Stewartry and Place, shall, and he is hereby required.to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him, according to the D* tcTinfert in*regions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for tlu$

London Gazette Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in The London Gazette the DatCf Date* of Com- of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together millions, &c.nd with the Names of the Officers in whose Room they are appointed transmit every 'w manner as Commissions in the Army are published from t]* War Office; and he is hereby authorised to charge the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Colkdor of the County, Stewartry or Place, who is hereby directed to pay thit same; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to One of His Majesty, l Principal Secretaries of State a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (A.) that the Qualifications have been so left with him; and every Commissioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed thf Oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration, as required by this Act, shall, at some General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in some Sheriff Court in Scotland within Six Months after the paffiag of this Act, if he shall have been appointed before the passing of this Act# or if not appointed till after the passing of this Act, then wiihtf Six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Perf on and Government, and the Succejfon of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Prineefs Sophia, hang Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prism of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; and also by an Act passed in the Thirty f sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, a->, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lijls and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indidedof High Treason or Misprison oj'Treason; and also make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the First Year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated and subscribed by act Officers, Civil and Military.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any ^>owors directed to be executed by Lieutenant

or \ o vc g0jQilck^Majors, m>t being qualified as aforesaid, pr without

11 having

a G. i. Stat. a. c. 13.

IG.3 c. 53.

f Stem

i O i. St?t. 9.

c. 13.

Perf mi alin*

) iSiz. 52 GEO. III. C. 69.

tg delivered in such specifick Descriptloti of his Qualification as reinbefore required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the of Ofie hundred Pounds 5 and if any Person shall execute any of Powm hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being ified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick eription of his Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every such lot ftail forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One hdoiety itflf Aall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same; h every Action, Suit or Information, brought against any Per-fcr icting as Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain, not being led as hereinbefore dirr&ed, the Proof of his Qualification shall poa the Person against whom the same is brought: Provided ft, that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any of the Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being ked or acting as a Commissioned Officer in the Local Militia, b the County, Stewartry or Place, wherein such Peer, or Heir ptfet of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although h not have the Qualification hereinbefore required; or to oblige Ktt of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall pointed a Commissiooed Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the I of the Peace for the County, Stewartry or Place, for which ftl be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid.

L And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, his Heirs and ilbn, may from time to time, as He and they shall think fir, f his and their Pleasure to his and their Lieutenant of any if, Stewartry or Place, to displace all or any Officers in the i Militia, and thereupon His Majesty's respective Lieutenants forthwith displace such Officers, and appoint others within the Coaotv, Stewartry or Place, with the like Qualifications, and and (ubieft to the like Provisions and Reftn&ions, to serve in W

tl. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His If to order and direct, that a Number of private Men not ex-the Numbers herein specified for each County respectively, be enrolled to serve in the Local Militia at such Periods and in Counties, and in such Propositions io any such Counties, Divi-Or Parts thereof, as His Majesty by any Warrant or Warrants FHis Royal Sign Manual shall specify, order and direct, in that If, according to the Provisiops of this Act; that is to say, or SOftnty of Edinburgh One thousand three hundred and thirty two; ptCky of Edinburgh One thousand two hundred and forty; for Joantyof Linlithgow Th-ee hundred and seventy fix 5 for the If of Haddington Six hundred and sixteen; for the County of wk Six hundred and twenty; for the County of Peebles One tighty; for the County of Selkirk One hundred; for the jWof Roxburgh Seven hundred and twelve; for the Stewartry wLadbright Six hundred and four; for the County of Wigton rludred and seventy fix; for the County of Ayr One thousand ihoodred and forty four; for the County of Renfrew One thou-I. hundred and sixteen; for tb* County of Lanark Three thou-jsdfonr; for the County of Sitting One thousand and fifty two; ft County of Kinroft One hundred and forty; for the County ft One thousand nine hundred and thirty six; for the County of Four hundred amd twenty eight; for the County of Buti

PG10.JII. At _ Two

3S5

not delivered in Qualifications.

[Penalty.]

Onus ProbandZ.

Provif*

His Majesty may direct County Lieutenants to displace Officers.

Numbers df private Man.

C. 68.

A.D. 1811.

35<S

Where Quote nnv fixed is left than Number actually serving, Exoefs to continue to serve.

When Vacancies tupplied.

Where Quota now fixed is greater than Number of Local Militia now serving, no further Enrolment shall take place so long as Ixxal Militia and Volunfeemot*, ether equal six Times the Militia.

42 G.J. c. 91.

[Proviso.]

S2

Geo. ra.

Two hundred and forty four; for the County of Argyle One thro-sand four hundred and fifty six; for the County of Inverncft One thousand five hundred and thirty six; for the County of Perth T* thousand six hundred and tv lve: for the County of Forfar TS thousand and forty four; for the County of Kincardine Five huodrcl and forty four; for the County of Aberdeen Two thousand five hat dred and sixty 5 for the County of Banff Seven hundred and sixteca; J for the County of Elgin Five hundred and fifty two; for the County of Nairn One hundred and seventy two; for the County of Cromarty Sixty four; for the County of Ross One thousand and eighty; for the County of Sutherland Four hundred; for the County of Caitbqfi Four hundred and eighty four 5 for the County of Dumfria One thousand one hundred and thirty six; for the County of Clackmaam Two hundred and twenty four.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Number of Local Militia so fixed and settled for any County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, shall be less than the Number a&uafly serving for such County, Stewartry or Place, at the time^of paflin* this Act, the Excess, over and above the Quota so fixed as aforefai^ shall continue to serve in the Local Militia of their respective Counties Ejtewartries and Places, until the Expiration of the Period for which they were originally enrolled; any thing in this Act to the portrait notwithstanding; but that no Vacancies arising in the Local M3ki( of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be supplied until the Non* ber of Men serving in such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be rfr* duced below the Number so fixed as aforesaid, as the Quota of such County, Stewartry or Place.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Number of Locil Militia Men so fixed as aforesaid for any County, Stewartry or Plac^ shall be greater than the Number actually serving for such County^ Stewartry or Place, at the time of passing this Act, no further rolments of Men for the Local Militia of such County, Stewarby or Place, shall take place, beyond what may be necessary to keep tk several Regiments complete to their Establishments, so long as the' Number of Men serving in such County, Stewartry or Place (hsH, in Addition to and together with and including the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers ierving in such County, Stewartry or Place,

Sexclusive of Supernumeraries above the Establishment of such Corps Serving without Pay), amount to Six Times the Original Quota of tie Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, fixed under an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of Scotland: Provided always, that when and so often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers in any such County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, shall be reduced by the disbanding or discontinuing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or by reason of the effective Numbers of any such Corps being diminished, a Number of Local Militia Men not exceeding in Amount such Deficiency shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this Act, until the Number of the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be equal to the Number fixed as aforesaid for the Quota of such County, Stewartry or Place, under this Act: Provided always, that no Vacancy arising in any Corp* of Yeomanry^ or Volunteer Cavalry, by reason of the effective Numbers of such Corps being- diminished, shall be supplied as aforesaid by

Ballot

A.D. 1812.

G 68.

357

52 GEO. III.

5aflot for the Local Militia under this Act; unless such Vacancy (foil not have been supplied by the entering of any Men into such Corps within Six Mouths after such Vacancy occurring in such Corps.

XV. And be it further ettacted, That in all cases in which the Number of Local Militia Men so fixed by this as the Quota of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall be greater than the Number actually fenring for such County, Stewartry or Place, it shall be lawful for the Members of any Corps of Volunteers, within the Ages limited by this Act, and not having more than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, as may be desirous of forming Part of the fd Local Militia to be ndfed under this Act, to transfer themselves, with the Approbation of His Majesty, under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to become and form Part of the Local Militia under this Act of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Corps shall belong, upon such Terms and Conditions 2$ to His Majesty shall seem fit; and all Volunteers so permitted to transfer their Services shall thereupon forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in such Local Militia, and take the Oath herein after required to betaken by Persons ballotted under this Act, and actually furring in such on the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, and having constantly continued to serve as such since that Period, thallbc entitled to a Bounty of Two Guineas, and to the same Allowance for Necessariss as other Local Militia Men arc entitled to under this Act, and shall be deemed and taken to be Local Militia Men to all Ii.tents and Purposes.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall transfer himself as a Member of a Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, and shall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled to serve in the Regular Militia, by reason of his having been ballotted and entered for the Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member of a Volunteer Corps; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Bounty shall become payable to any Member of a Volunteer Corps so transferring himself as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice attending the Enrolment and swearing in of such Men shall sign a Certificate of the Amonot of the Bounty so to be paid, and to whom, and for whatPaiifhesor Places; and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting shall forthwith tmnsmit such Certificate to the Secretary at War, and draw upon the Agent General for the Amount of Bounties specified to be so payable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to permit aijy Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry or Artillery to transfer themselves into the Local Militia, upon such Terms and Con-dkkws as to their Establishment, and as to Allowances for Horses or Accoutrements, or other Things, and as to Pav, as His Majesty shall and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein such Corps shall serve, in such manner as His Map&yfcll direct: Provided always, that no Vacancies arising inny ineb Corps of Yeomanry, so transferred as aforesaid, shall befup-pWby Ballot iHpkr this Act; but all such Vacancies which shall not fc % Mby the entering of any Men into such Corps within Six*A a 2 Months

Volunteers may transfer Services to Local Militia.

Volunteers so transferring not liable to serve in Regular Militia.

Bounties to Volunteers,

Yeomanry and Artillery Coips may transfer Services to Local Militia.

[Proviso.]

C. 6H.

I

JS*

Powers of 42 G. 3. c. 91. 46 G. 3. c. 14a 49 O'3 c. 90. applicable to the Local Militia, extended to this

a a.

Subdivision Clerks to gire Notice of Meeting to Commanding Officers of Regiment*.

Men hallotted from Militia Lifts.

Persons neglecting to appeal.

Penary.

No Person under 3c to be Sptci*lConstable.

52 GEO. III.

Afl.l*!

Months after such Vacancy occurring in such Yeomanry Corps be supplietl by Ballot for the Local Militia of the County, or Place to which such Yeomanry Corps shall be attached.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Powers, Prov \ Rules, Regulations, Claases, Matters and Things contained at said Act of the Forty second of His Majesty, or in an Act p*f i the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, or in an Act r* the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, or in any other A relating to the Militia, as relate to the appointing and holdirr*neral and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, or to the maL Lifts from which to bailot, or to the Mode of ballotting, (LA

as the same are applicable and can be applied to and for the Prof carrying this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered,or repealed, be used, exercised, applied and put in force wnh to the Local Militia, in as full and ample a manner as if the t Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters ins .'hw were re-enacted and repeated in this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks Subdivision Meetings shall, as loon as conveniently may be aft Subdivision Meeting shall have been appointed, give Notice is of the Time and Place of Meeting to such of the Deputy Lieu who shall be resident within fuen Subdivision* and also to the manding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, attact such Subdivision, by Notice, addressed to the Adjutant, and 1 .< count of the several Days fixed for receiving Lifts, and for b*T and for inrolling the Militia Men within such Subdivision; art as soon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewise transmit to the lonel or other Commandant, or to the Commanding Officer n said, in manner aforesaid, a List, specifying the Names, Trad usual Places of Abode, of all such Local Militia Men as are ir.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Men to be raiirt this Act shall be ballotted out of and from the Persons bet*1 Age< of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now exiih which may hereafter be made and returned or amended and co for the raising of the Militia under any Acts relating to the of Scotland; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, it He fttafl fit, to order and direct the making out any new Lifts, and b Clafies as to Age or otherwise, and in such Form as may br df* expedient for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Executant.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That on making out or im ing of any Lifts after the passing of this Act, of Persons fit toft in the Local Militia, every Person who shall wilfully ucgle&rt within the time appointed for that Purpose, shall forfeit for eu Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less thas 7 Shillings, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Li or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, and on Non-paymei

be imprisoned, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Ltf nants or JulUccs of the Peace or Magistrates as aforesaid, time not exceeding Fourteen Day3.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person flteSbrl pointed or ad as a Special Constable for the Purpose of afliilir- "I making out any new Lifts, or otherwise in aiding in the Execiit this Act, who shall not be above the Age of Thirty Yt-rs.

XXIV. M

A.D. 1812.

359

52 GEO. III. C. 6J.

XXIV. And be it further matted, That it shall be bwful for the Deputy Lieute-Deputy Lieutenants within any Sabdivision, or any Two or more of na?t# may rt* them, or for any One Deputy Lieutenant and O le Justice of the ^le, u Peace, from time to time to ifine their Order or Warrant under their p^nlt*biet, Handa, requiring the Attendance of the Schoolmaster, Constable or

other Officer of any Parish or Place within such Subdivision, for the

Purposes of this Aid, at such Time and Place as in such Order or

Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Schoolmaster, Constable

or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Constable or other Officer of any Divi*

fioa, or any Schoolmaster, Constable or other Officer of any Parish

or Pfacr, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders and Di-

re&ions as he shall from time to time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or from any One Deputy

Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, or

dull be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or gross Neglect in

his Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or such One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending

to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail for the Space Imprisonment.

of One Month, or, at their Discretion, to line such Person in any Sum

not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Two Justices Constable or Officer shall be of the People called Quakers, (and cer- may appoint De. tihed to be so by Two Persons of the People called Quakers) and putimoQuikes* (Ml oegled or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, [^E^atioiu it Dull be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting of the Di-vifioo within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, in all cases where the circumstances of the afe (kill in their Judgment render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order under their Hands to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker, for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; id every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and ex-Strife all the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions given by this Act tofsch Officer for whom he shall so ad, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices, under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as the Person for whorq he (bill so ad: and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the Constable or Officer (being one of the People called Quakers)

Hull be, 3od he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the time of such Appointment,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any Two oy more Parishes or Places, or to add any extra-parochial Place or Places to any Parish or Panfhei adjoining thereto, for the Purposes of this Act; and also tq add together the Lifts of such Parishes and Places aforesaid, so as to aAetbe Choice of Local Militia Men by Ballot within every such &&tvision as equal and impartial as possible; and where any Parishes4 frees so added together shall lie in different Wards or other Di- g^named^hi* rife* within the {me County, Stewartry or Place, to direct in what Order of Deputy

Ward Lieutenant*.

Two or more Places and Lifts may be added together, and Constables, &c. shall act together as if they were Officers of same ParUh, and shall

C. 68.

A.D. 1812.

Deputy Lieutenant* to determine Disagreements between Porish Officers.

AQ to extend to extra-parochial Places added to Parishes; and where no Constables or Schoel-waiter*.

Clerks of Subdivision Meetings to transmit Copies of Rolls to Clerk of General Meeting.

[Penalty.]

General Meetings may alter

Subdiviuons, and Allotment of Men in each Division.

5 2

Geo. in.

Ward or other Division the same shall be considered for the Par^ofet of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lifts so added together, in like manner as if they had beeu origwaDjf returned for One Parish, or for the Parish to which any extra-p chial Place shall have been added as aforesaid: and the School maftei % Constables or other Officers of Parishes and Places so added togethes, shall act together in the "Execution of this Act, as if they were respeC* lively Officers of One and the same Parish or Place, and all such School-masters, Constables and Officers so as aforesaid acting together by viitB* of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish or Place which shall be named (irft in such Order of Deputy Lieute* nants; and if any Difference or Disagreement shall arise between the Officers of any Parish or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes or Places, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the Subdivision when* such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall at any Subdivision Meeting, tod they are hereby authorised to hear and determine the same, and make such Order therein for the better Execution of this Act, as to then shall seem meet} and such Orders shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without being subject to any Sift or Review whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to every extra-parochial Place added to any Parish or Place for the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if the said Directions and Provisions had severally and ic-spectively been expressly applied to extra-parochial Places, and where there shall be any extra-parochial Place or other Place wherein co Schoolmasters or Constables have been or are appointed, or ad, the respective Constables and Schoolmasters of the Parishes or Places, to which such extra-parochial or other Place shall have been added by the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, may and shall act as School-masters or Constables, for such extra-parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Act, and may and shall do, perform and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things therein, relating to the Execution of this Act, as fully and amply, and with all such and the like Powers in every respect, as if such extra-parochial or other Place was within and made Part of such Parish or Place.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, within Fourteen Days after every such Sub-division Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Mectingsof the County, Stewartry nr Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Subdivision Meeting; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid within such Period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, together with any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) any Five or more Deputy Lieutenants may at any General Meeting, alter the appointed Subdivisions within such County, Stewartry or Place, if they shall see Oc^afioo, and also may alter the established Allotment

D. 1812.

C. 68.

At Second Sufc-

divisionMe fbi$, Deputy Lie te- nants (h.ill ip-jvsim Number of Men to serve for each PariOi^&c. and (h ill o*dec Notice to be given thereof and of next Meeting, ^nd Hi >11 cause Number be bal-iotted, &c.

52 GEO. III. C. 68. S^t

Ac NtJbber of Men in each respective Ward or other Division, to ic in trfe Local Militia, towards raising the Number of Local Militia

a by this Act directed to be raised for such Cotinty, Stewartry or ice, according to the Numbers contained in the respective Certifies received from the several Subdivision Meetings; regard being i 'in such Allotments and Apportionments to the Number of eflec-tYeomaury and Volunteers fenring in each such Ward and other fjfryi

xxx. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants at their Second Meeting within any Subdivision shall ap-st what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish and Place, til such Subdivision, regard being had in such Appointment to ^Jomher of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in each hParish or Place in Proposition to the Number last appointed, in fcaiKT hereinbefore directed, at a General Meeting to serve for k&rish or other Division; and shall appoint another Meeting to pUeo within Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meet-holden within the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an the Schoolmaster or Constable or other Officer of every Place within their respective Subdivisions, of the Number lies so appointed to serve for such Parish or Place, and of the Time Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Deputy ptenanU, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieu-(ft, and One Justice of the Peace, afiembkd in pursuance of such jpitments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as niidto be chosen by Ballot out of the Persons between the Ages fjghteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, or which ^hereafter be made and returned, or amended or corrected, for the the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia of Scotland,

- appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Week9 tfeme Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order directing the nailer or Constable, or other Officer of every Parish or Place,

Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Local Militia, par at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his fof Abode at lead Seven Days before such Meeting: and such bJmzfter, Constable or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, flake such Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was "; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall upon such Notice Persons chosen at such Meeting, and if on Examination found able and fit for ty Ballot totjfct rice, and approved of in manner herein after directed, shall then take the following Oath; that is to say,

B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful A bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that faithfully serve in the Local Militia of i Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the time [Foot Years, for which I ara enrolled, unless I shall be sooner

Jerery such Person shall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to h i and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Local of such County, Stewartry or Place, as a private Local Militia

r the Space of Four Years.

# I. And be it further enacted, That every Man enrolled to Men before En-kthe Local Militia, shall, before such Enrolment, be examined r^merne*-

' A a 4 upon amiued urou

C. 68.

A.D. 1812.

5<S2

Oath atto Residence, &c refilling to be ex-mined.

Punishment.

Perfom insuring.

[Penalty.]

No Person balloted allowed to find Substitute.

Volwnteen received with Confer it of Inhabitants of any Place, andRate established for paying them Bounties not exceeding Two Guineas each*

SfGVO.UL

ifpon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants, as to his Residepct, Age and Family, and the Oath so administered to him shall V in the Words, and according to the Form and Effect in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and if any Person shall refusetobefo examined, such Person may, at the Discretion of any One or our Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, be imprisoned for any time not exceeding One Week, and shall notwithstanding be liable to be enrolled to serve in the said Local Militia if be shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to be a fit and proper Person to be so enrolled.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person whatsoever shall insure, or take 0? agree to take any Mouey for the Insurance of, or be any ways concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, Club or Office, for the Insurance of any Person or Persons, or for the insuring or indemnifying each other against or for the paying any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine or Penalty, for any Person or Persons who may be ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, or shall par or engage tp pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to (me in discharge of any County, Stewartry or Place, beyond the Sum of Two Guineas to be paid to such Volunteer as herein after directed, every such Person as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia shall be allowed to find or provide any Snb-fiitute to serve in his Stead; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Herioters of any Parish shall, with the Consent of a Majority of the Heritors of such Parish in Value, according to their valued Rent, given at a Meeting called for that Purpose, provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Local Militia Men by Bailot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, being of the same County, Stewartry or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, who shall be examined and approved, as is herein after mentioned, such Volunteer or Volunteers lo examined and approved shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled to fenre for such Term, and on thr same Conditions, as is hereinbefore provided in case of Persons chosen by Bailot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be cholen by Ballot out of the Lifts returned for such Parish or Place, as shall be thea wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish or Place 5 and if any such Majority of Heritors in Value as aforesaid (half agree to give and shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two Guineas each, to serve in the Local Militia for such Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for the Heritors of such Parish, being Proprietors of Lands within the Parish to the Extent of at lead One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, appearing in the Land Tax Books of the County or Stewartry within which such Parish or Place is situated, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose to be called by any Two or more of such Heritors, upon Notice to that Effect given from the Pulpit on any Sunday at lead Five Days previous to such Meeting, to assess Sums equal to all such Bounties upon the Heritors within such Parish, in proposition

8 to

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

52 GEO. III. C. 68.

to the lalued Rent of eTery Heritor within the Parish, ind One Half of eraj Sum fb assessed shall be paid by the Tenant or Tenant* of the Land upon which the same shall be assessed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all case* in which a Ballot shall be directed under the Act for the Local Militia, and any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty five Years, of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches and upwards, and fit for Military Service* and not having more than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, shall voluntarily enrol themselves under this Act, to fine according to the Provisions of this Act, if the Persons so voluntary enrolling themselves shall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any stich Parish, then no Ballot shall take place in inch Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling the rafcives as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number re. quiied to be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, then the Number of Periods so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall be deduded from the Number required to be enrolled by Bailot, and the Remainder only shall be ballotted for in such Parish; and all Persons so volun. tardy enrolling themselves, shall take the Oath required by this Act to be taken by Persons ballotted, and shall serve in the same manner and under the same Regulations, and be subject to the same Provisions, as if they had been ballotted for under this Act: Provided always, that do Seaman or Seafaring Man shall be enrolled in the Local Militia as i Volunteer.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person being a Commissioned Officer in the Regular Militia or in His Majesty's other Foroes, or in any one of His Majesty's Calles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, oor any Non Commissioned Officer or private Man (erring in the Regular Militia or in any of His Majesty's other Foroes, nor lay Person being an effectice Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and duly returned as such, nor any Professor nor any Person being a Resident Member of any of the Universities, nor any bernfed Clergyman, nor any Teacher licensed within the County, Stewirtry or Place, to preach or teach in some separate Congrcga-boo, (not carrying on any Trade, nor exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster) having taken the Oaths and made and subscribed the Declaration required by Law

the Teachers or Preachers of Congregations of dissenting Pro-tdbots, and being bona jide the Teacher of any Congregation whose Place of Meeting shall have been duly registered at lead Twelve Mootbs previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in October for the rurposes of this Act; nor any Parish Schoolmaster, nor any Confbble or other Peace Officer, not being a Special Constable; nor toy Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person mustered, trained or dong Duty, or employed in any of His Majesty's Cadies or Forts; oor soy Man who has more than Two Children born in Wedlock, and tbois not possessed of an Estate in Lands, Goods or Money, of the dear Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and who shall make Oath that k is not fcifed or possessed of such Estate, nor any Person receiving fa Education on an JEleemofynary Foundation, shall be liable to serve fi the Local Militia; and no Person having served personally in the legdsr Militia, or provided any Substitute, or for whom any Sub-fate ik bee prtwded, pr paid any Fine for opt serving or finding

a Sub.*

5*1

No Ballot IhaB take place where Person* shall voluntarily enrol themfebrea.

Proviso far.Seamen.

Certain Persons. exempt from Service.

A.D. 1812.

364 C. 68. 52 GEO. III.

Persons enrolled in Local Militia exempt from Service in Re -gular Militia for Two Years. Persons hereafter enrolled only exempted for Year.

Persons exempt nevertheless liable to serve in Regular Militia if they neglect to attend Train-in.

Proviso for Members of

a Substitute in the Regular Militia, shall be liable to serve in the Local Militia until Four Years after the Expiration of his Period of Service, if he shall have served in Person, or Six Years after the Period at which such Substitute shall have been enrolled, or Four Years after having paid any such Fine; and that no Person having served personally according to the Directions of any former Act or Acts relating to the Local Militia, or under this Act, shall be obliged to serve again until the Expiration of Two Years; and that no Person having paid any Fine, or upon whom Distress has been made for any Fine for not serving in the Local Militia, shall be liable to serve until the Expiration of ^Two Years from the Period of having paid such Fine or suffered such Distress.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man enrolled and actually serving in the Local Militia at the time of passing this Act, shall be entitled to and have Exemption from serving in the Regular Militia, and shall not be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia for Two Years from the Expiration of their present Period of Service in the said Local Militia: Provided always, that all Persons who may hereafter be enrolled to serve in the Local Militia shall only be entitled to have Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, and shall not be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular M&tia for One Year from the Expiration of their Period of Service in the said Local Militia; Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to claim any such Exemption under this Act, who shall not produce a Certificate signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Local Militia to which he shall belong, or in case of his Removal from the County, Stewartry or Place in which he may have been originally enrolled, then by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps in which he may have been subsequently serving, that he attended at the last Period of annual Training and Exercise, or that he was prevented by Illness or bodily Infirmity, so certified to his Commanding Officer at the last Period of annual Training and Exercise, or that he was absent by Permission of his Commanding Officer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person enrolled and serving in the Local Militia who shall have claimed Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, shall nevertheless be compellable to serve in the Regular Militia, in case he shall not afterwards attend the Periods appointed for the Training and Exercise of the Local Militia, during the Time for which he may be enrolled to serve in such Local Militia, (unless prevented by any Infirmity incapacitating him for Service); and the Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia to which he may belong shall certify such Absence from Training and Exercise to the Clerk of the Subdiri-fion for which he shall have been before ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia, who shall make the same known to the Deputy Lieutenants afietnbled at their next Subdivision Meeting, and such Man shall then and there be enrolled to serve in the Regular Militia; or if he shall not then appear, shall be liable to any Penalties imposed upon ballotted Persons not appearing to be enrolled in the Reguhr Militia.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Member of any Friendly Society, serving or entering to serve under this Act, shall

7.bT

C. 68.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

35

bj such Service be excluded from such Society, or be subject to the Friwfly Socic-

Forfeiture of any Benefit to which he may be otherwise entitled

Duder any Rules of such Society; or to any Fine or Penalty'im-

poCed by such Society for Non-attendance; any thing in any such

Rules to the contrary not with (landing.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ccrps of Allowances ta Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and Wives and exercised, or for the Suppression of Riots, or for the Suppression of fanu* Rebellion or Invasion, all Persons enrolled therein] who shall join on such assembling, and shall have Families unable to support them-feJiw, shall, during the Period of their being so assembled as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the same Relief to their Wives and Fa-nilies, and under such and the like circumstances, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions, as the Wives and Families of Men ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain are entitled to, under an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intitu'el An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Fa- 49 O* 3* C>90, vulus of the Militia Men of Scotland, when called into actual Service; and for that Purpose all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions,

Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in the lad mentioned

A it contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving

or refusing such Relief as aforesaid as fully and effectually as if the same were herein enabled: Provided always, that no Assessment shall Provif*

be made to make good the Amount of any Sums paid for such Relief

to inch Wives and Families under this Act in the manner directed by

such last mentioned Act to make good the Sums paid to the Wives

[Proviso.]

and Families of Militia Men pursuant thereto: Provided also, that

whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for Training

and Exercise, all Persons enrolled therein, having Families who would

be entitled to Relief if they wtre resident in some other Place than

that in which the Regiment shall be assembled, shall be entitled to

Relief for their Wives and Families, notwithstanding such Wives and

Families may be resident in the Place where the Regiment may be

assembled.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Deputy Lieutc-Mistake of any Con (tables, Schoolmasters or other Officers, or from maY cuCe any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdi-^, ^4 and rihons should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that proceed to freffc Purpose as before directed, then the Deputy lieutenants at their Bailot, and may said Meeting, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy administer Lieutenant and One J11 (lice of the Peace, may and they are hereby required immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Bailot, and to adjourn the Meeting, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Local Militia, to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Directions of this Act, such ballotted Man or Volunteer having been duly examined and approved as is herein after mentioned; and fob Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised todirect and require the Clerk, of the Subdivision for which every joch Person by whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to

3 66

C. 69.

52 GEO. III.

Tentky.

Fruvifa

Tines paid to Clerk of Suhdi-fion Meeting*, and paid into Bank to Account of Agent General.

Person* Ha Hotted not appearing to ke enrolled, tined.

Lift of Fine* transmitted to Seiretaiy at

War.

Person* imprisoned compellable to lerve Four Years.

Personi claiming Exemption on Payment of 20I. or iol. to sign a Declaration of Income.

serve, to enrol the Name of evenr such Person so bavin g bexm <kly examined and approved as aforesaid, together with the Date of the Day on which tbt said Oath was so administered to him, in the U1 of such Subdivision.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia tinder this Act shall, after Notice given to him, or left at his usual or last Place of Abode, of hit having been so ballotted, refuse or neglect to appear within such Period and at such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose within the Subdivision for which he shall have been so ballotted, (which times and places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants iu their respective Subdivssions under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, and Notice thereof given by the Schoolmasters or Constables of the several Parishes, by putting up the same on the Doors of the several Parish Churches in such County, Stewartry or Place,) and be enrolled under this Act, and take the Oath to Serve under this Act, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds: Provided always, that if such Person shall not have or be in the Receipt of any annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances or other Income whatsoever, amounting in the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, such Person shall forfeit only the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if his Income shall not amount in the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, he shall forfeit only the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall on Receipt thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the same being paid, which Certificate shall be countersigned by some Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, transmit the same to the Collector of the Cess, who shall within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the some to the Receiver General of Scotland, who shall, within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, pay the same into the Bank of England to a separate Account of the Agent General for the Local Militia, for the rurposes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, being furnished with a Receipt for the same.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That a List of all such Fines shall once in each Year, or oftener if required, be transmitted to the Secretary at War by the Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stewartry, City or Place where the same shall be imposed, according to the Form of the Schedule marked (H.) hereunto annexed; and a Duplicate of such Lift shall at the same time be transmitted to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person imprisoned for the Non-payment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or for refuting to take the Oath, or for refuting or aeglefting to attend an annual Period of Training and Exercise, shall be compellable to serve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds, instead of Thirty Pounds, shall sign a Declaration that the Amount of hi* Income does not exceed

Tfft

A.D. 1811.

C. 6I.

52 GEO. III.

3f

Two hundred Pound* or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, a* th* dfe may be, and shall deliver the same to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or produce a Certificate to the like Effect, allowed by any Commissioners under any Ad relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Pro-feftoas, Trades sod Offices, or to any Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties* within Twelve Months previous to the Production of such Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false Filfe Dcl*r* Deckntion in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit and pay for "n* fneb Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in Addition to such Fine. ent tjr#

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Per- Shu* Person* to Id* claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act upon Jj5B Dechratiou Payment offine as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Act, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be summoned and required to appear before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, and shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he shall appear to claim fuen Exemption, or by such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shill be so summoned and repotted to appear as aforesaid* to sign a Declaration that he hath not direfUy or indirectly, by any Policy, Premium or Promise of any Pubcy or Premium, or by any Engagement, insured himself against such Fine or any Part thereof, and that no Person or Persons hath or hivedirrftly or indirectly, in Considerntien of any Sum of Money or PromHe of any Sum of Money, or Gift or Reward, or for any valuible Consideration whatever, undertaken, engaged or promised

io airy way to indemnify him therefrom, or from any Part thereof, ur to repay to him* or to any Person or Persons on his Behalf, or for his Use, Benefit or Advantage, the said Fine or any Part thereof; audio case any Person so claiming to be exempt, or Io summoned or Refuting rq sign revoked to appear as aforesaid, shall refuse so to sign such Declaration, or making f-U* wf to appear according to such Summons or Reqoifition, or shall Declaration wake any false Declaration in that Behalf, every such Person shall, ipoo Conviction thereof before Two Justice* of the Peace, forfeit Three times the Amount of such Fine; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall bd confined in any House of Correction or Common Gaol for such County, Stewartry or Place, for any Period not ex^ ording Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty; and shall Penalty, be liable perfcmaliy to serve in the said Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment, or the Payment of such Penalty.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Deputy Lieutt-thr Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry or Place, in any may make case in which it shall appear to them to be necessary or proper, by rtifw of any Quotas of Local Militia of any Divisions of tfny County, q uom an '

Stewartry or Place, or of any Parishes of any Ward or Division, found not to be being found by any Returns now made or which may hereafter be m Proposition to made, aot to be in Proposition to the relative Numbers of Men liable Number# k*W* to km in the Local Militia in such respective Wards, Divisions or 10 <rve* bribes, or by reason of any Alteration which may have taken place ache bomber of the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving $or fob Ward* Division or Parish, to make anr new Apportionmftrts, addbeitatn ard settle any Quotas of Local Militia, as to any Ward* fcttnsions of any County, Stewartry or Place, or as to any Parishes in

C. 6

A.D. 1812.

3<58

Mew Lifts made out if any lull.

Quakers or United Brethren, on Production of certain Certificates, not enrolled, but adjudged to pay Proposition of Fines on Persons ballotted nd not appearing.

Imprisonment.

[Proviso.]

Persons having more than One Residenct.

52 GEO. III.

in any Ward or Division, by any new Apportionment as to such Wards or Divisions, or as to the Parishes in any Ward or Division, according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local Militia which shall have been settled and ascertained for any Wards or Divisions, or for any Parishes of any Ward or Division, shall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of such Wards, Divisions and Parishes respectively, unless and until the Deputy Lieutenants shall deem it necessary to alter and shall have altered the same, and fettkd any new Quotas under this Act

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, to cause a raw Lift in such Parish or Place to be made and returned to them, at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same manner as the Lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unit as Fratrum or United Brethren, who shall be ballotted under this Act, shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivision Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more respectable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as afune-said, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion, such Person shall not be enrolled; and it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any such Person to pay such Proposition of such Fines as are by this Act imposed on Persons ballotted and not appearing, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of such Person 5 and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Person, by Warrant under their Hands (the Overplus, if any, after deducting of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Effects can be found whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices shall nevertheless upon Inquiry be satisfied that such Quaker or United Brother is of sufficient Ability to pay such Fine of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justke of the Peace, if he shall think fit, to'cominit such Quaker or United Brother to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Month, unless such Sum shall be sooner paid and satisfied: Providci always, that no Quaker or United Brother so committed as aforesaid shall be confined among Culprits.

L. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to serve in the Local Militia, having more than One Place of Residence, shall serve for the County, Stewartry or Place, where his Name shall bare been first inserted in such Lift as aforesaid; and the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting to which such Lift shall be returned shall, if such Person requires the same, grant a Certificate gratis under his H*ad,

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 68.

3<*9

examined and approved by

that such Person's Name was inserted in such Lift, and specifying the

Time when such Lift was made and returned.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in Persont to serve Two or more Counties, Stewartries or Places, the Inhabitants of in Militia of such Parish shall serve in the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated; church situ t*. and that such Parish shall, for all the Purpose6 of this Act, be deemed Part of such County, Stewartry or Place.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved No Man en. or enroIM to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, either as a rolled until bcJfotted Man or Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully exam.'ntrd by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been dc- Surjewu clarcd and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for Service 5 and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Mice of the Peace, shall in all cases before they proceed to enrol ry Mao for the Local Militia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or the said Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place for which any Man is to be en* rollvd, if any such Surgeon is within a reasonable Distance, and can conmiieDtly be had, or other wise to require toe Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpose; and a reasonable Allow- Allowance t# ance, not exceeding One Guinea, shall be made to the Surgeon per- Surgeon, forming such Examination, for every Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, and shall be paid to him in like manner as other Allowances are directed to be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks under this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to Deputy Lieute-any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant* may dif-uot and One Justice of the Peace assembled at any Subdivision Meet- charge Persons ing, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia

is unable to serve from any permanent Illness, Debiiity or bodily In- w oareun firmity, or is not of the full Height of Five Feet Two Inches, or 19 cot approved upon Examination by a Surgeon according to the Directions of this Act, such Deputy Lieutenants or such Deputy Lieutenant 2nd Justice of the Peace shall and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead, by Bailot, according to the Directions of this Act

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in Deputy Lieute* their several Subdivisions shall, as soon as they shall have enrolled the nmts loc, ^s Number of Men required in their Subdivision, divide the Men so en- m*keut' rolled into as many Classes of the Description herein after ^mentioned, jrTsche-

to shall be found among such Men; that is to say, in the First Class du!e(C.)a Copy thy shall put all the Men having no Child or Children living 5 and in Clerk of Subdi-tVSecond Class, all the Men not having any Child or Children living vi?on ^l1 ranf-uwkrthe Age of Fourteen Years; and in the Third Class, all the J?1110 9, ]5Jk tc Mm having any Child or Children, One of whom only shall be under ing^he entile tered.

C. 6t.

A.D. 1812.

Men becoming

unfit to serve discharged; hut if done by Com-Bunding Officer only, confirmed by Deputy Lieutenant befiire others are bal* lotted ior.

Vacancies occasioned by Death, ice. filled up by fresh Ballot.

Meetings of

Lieutenancy to fix by Ballot Order in which Subdi\ificns, icC. shall stand as to (applying Deficiencies on Account of Appoint mettt of Persons to be fietjeants, &f.

52 GEO. III.

the Age of Fourteen Years; and in the last Class, all the M 01 included in any of the former Descriptions; and shall forthwith out a List of such Classes, according to the Form in the Schec! > this Act annexed, marked (C.), and within Three Days after i completing thereof, the Clerk of such Subdivision Meeting transmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exact and a Copy of such Lift, made out in such Form as aforesaid, to be I entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Local M ir Man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become unfit hr > vice, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandaw Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Local Militia M belong, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants. Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace of the O Stewartry or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or C017 longs, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall then be the said County, Stewartry or Place, or for the Colonel or Commandant only, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps r. absent therefrom, to discharge fuen Local Militia Man from his giment, Battalion or Corps; but another Man shall not be ba1' for in the Room of such Local Militia Man so discharged, until Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of Two or morr

futy Lieutenants or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice tace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Reg.' Battalion, or Corps belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the S vision for which such Local Militia Man was enrolled, or at any neral Meeting for the County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any private M Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he feive, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer Local Militia, or enter or enlist into His Majesty's Regular Fc-a Navy or Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Reg litia, or be discharged in Manner aforesaid, as unfit for Service, miffed in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Col Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to such private Man shall belong, shall certify the Vacancy occair such Death, Appointment, Entering, Enlistment, Dischargew missal, (as the case may be) to the Clerk to the General Mfc-who shall forthwith tronsmit the said Certificate to the Deputy I tenants of the Subdivision for which such Private Man shall h*w enrolled, and such Deputy Lieutenants shall immediately up^ Receipt of such Certificate, cause such Vacancy to be filled up t fresh Ballot for a Local Militia Man to serve according to the fions of this Act; except in such cases as are in this Act except

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it! lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any 0 Meeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and fix by K the Order in which the respective Subdivides, and Parishesic. respective Counties, Stewartries and Places shall stand as to tl plying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may exist or arise therm t reason of the Appointment of any Persons serving in the Local Militia of any such County, Stewartry or Place, to be Scijcaou or C<xj porals, and shall immediately after the same shall be so ascertainti. fixed, cause such Subdivisions and Parishes respectively, to bcc

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

37i

52 GEO. III.

cb Order, in a List to be prepared for that Purpose; and such incies shall be supplied by such Subdivisions and Parishes, in the tr in which they shall have been entered in such Lilt as aforesaid, not by the Parishes for which the Men so promoted shall have ed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private al Militia Man shall be appointed a Non Commissioned Officer or tourer in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in Room of any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer reduced to Rinks, no Ballot mall take place in the Parish or Place for which private Man so appointed was then serving, in consequence of Vacancy occassioned by such Appointment, so long as the Non missioned Officer or Drummer so reduced shall continue to serve cb Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the Ky Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice it Peace, at their several Subdivision Meetings, shall and they ittby required to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the room of Mai Militia Men actually serving, whose Terms of Service will ebefore the Twentieth Day of November next ensuing the hold-$ such Subdivision Meetings, and shall, at a following Meeting holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to enrol the said tted Men as aforesaid; and the Commanding Officer of any Rent, Battalion or Corps, is hereby empowered, from time to time, fctarge any Man or his Regiment, battalion or Corps, whose of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November ensuing, and to receive any other Local Militia Man in his s who shall have taken the Oath, and been enrolled according t Directions of this Act; and every such Man so discharged be entitled to the same Immunity from further Service as it he fened his full Term.

ft. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever,

I by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Local Militia \bf virtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate or refeind Sontraci or alter the Engagement between Inch Servant and his erorMistress, ov Employer or Employers, unless the Local Mi-if the County, Stewartry or Place for which such Servant shall wiled, shall be embodied or called out by His Majesty, or ordered foiupurfuance of this Act, or unless such Person lo enrolled, shall ihc Service of his Master, Mistress or Employer or Employers, k Purpose of being trained and exercised, iu pursuance of this pud shall not return again to the same Service at the End of [Period cf Training and Exercise, or as soon after; s reasonably iftlllowing to his Master, Mistress or Employer or Employers, Keraent from his Wages in Proposition to the Duration of his pet from his Lid Service, to be settled by a Julhce of the Peace k-Aaoocr herein after mentioned; and in every such case, w h?re fiifpute shall arise between such Servant and his Master or Miffcor Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of ky due to such Servant for or on Account of his Service per-jibefore the time of his Departure from Service, under the Con-Ill, of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching r Abatement to be made by such Servant by reason of his Ab-52 Geo. III. 13 b fence,

No Ballot for

Private appointed Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer in Room of One reduced to the Ranks.

At SuSdiv'fton Meetings Men ba.lotted for in room of thoie whole Terms < f Service will expire before Nov. 2C next ensuing, and l'u- h Men discharged and others received.

Enrolment of Servants shall not vacate Contrail* with Mailers. Proviso,

Dispute touching Wages under act. Justice may settle Jt, and may grant Warrant for levying Money by Dif-trds if not paid.

37*

C. 68.

A.D. 1812.

Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justice may order Money agreed to>e given to Volunteer, to be paid him on Enrolment.

Local Militia permitted to inlist.

Serjeant, &c. not permitted,

ja GEO. III.

fence, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it tell aid any be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace far the County, Stewartry or Place, where such Master or Miftiefe, m Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hearmd determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath cwif such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the fane, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to fad Servant in Proposition to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages in Proposition to the Duration of his Absence from his Service, in cases where the Party shall disagree, as the case may require, and as to such Justice shall seem just and rateable,

frovided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of Twenty 'ounds; and m case of Refusal or Nonpayment of aay Sums fa ordered to be paid by the Space of Seven Days next after such Determination, inch Justice may and shall issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Mate or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, rendering the Overpka to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Ditefe and Sale.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Heritors of my Parish shall have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aha* said, and such Heritors shall have agreed to pay to the Person so cm gaged, a certain Sum for such Service, it shall be lawful far Ttf Deputy Lieutenants or any One Justice of the Peace, and they ml he are and is hereby required, after such Volunteer has been exaitet by a Surgeon, and approved according to the Directions of this Afjf and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in pursuance thereof, to orfatf such Sum of Money as shall appear to them or him to be doe to dm Volunteer so engaged, to be immediately paid to him on such Eantt ment, in the Presence of such Deputy Lieutenants. 1

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfol for am Person ballotted or enrolled to serve, or serving in the Local MifitS under this Act, to enliil or enter into His Majesty's Army, Navy til Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia of W same or some adjoining County, Stewartry or Place at any timeeM cept during such Portion of the Period of being assembled for fta Purpose of annual Training and Exercise under this Act, as HIb Majesty shall by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe; and the Ew Ming or Entry of every such Man shall be immediately certified bj| the Officer with whom such Man shall have enlisted or entered, tfe the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Locdjj Militia, from which such Man shall have enlisted or entered; and al?r Vacancies arising by any such enlisting or entering as aforesaid, be supplied in Tike manner as any other Vacancies in the said Look: Militia: Provided always, that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of: any Regiment of Local Militia on'permanent Pay asfnch, fhtflbl entitled to his Discharge, or be allowed to enliA into the Amyf Navy or Marines or Regular Militia, or to engage hirafelf as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, whether the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer shall belong, shall be assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise or not, unless with the Consent in Writing of the Comtqiodiitg Officer of his Regiment given for that Purpose.

LXIIL p

fill.

51 GEO. III.

CIS.

373

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Apprentices not \ A & contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permitted to toil* any Apprentice ballotted under this A A to inlist in the lift without, Navy, Marines, or to enter as a Substitute or Volunteer in ^after* C00* egnlar Militia, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia, cnt* ne a Member of a Volunteer Corps to transfer himself into the Militia without the Consent of his Matter; provided also, that Sot, Enrolment and Service under this Act, shall extend to had or in any manner to affect any Indenture of Apprenceship,

Mbnding any Covenant or Agreement in any such Indenture;

Service under this Act of any Apprentice shall be deemed or ed or taken to be an Absence from Service, or a Breach erf tenant or Agreement as to any Service or Absence from SeN 1 any Indenture of Apprenticeship; any thing contained in ft or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Deed or In-fof Apprenticeship to the contrary notwithstanding.

!V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Va- Vacancies filled arising in the Local Militia by such jnlifting as aforesaid, or by up notwithstand-ge, Absence, Desertion, Death or Expiration of Service, shallnK Suspension of lop according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided al-

hat it shall be lawful at any time before the Local Militia of lo^directer onty, Stewartry or Place, shall be completed to the full until l.ocal: specified in this Act as the Quota of such County, Stewartry Militia com. e, and also at any time thereafter when any Vacancies shall pkted-such Local Militia, for any Persons between the Ages of a and Thirty Five, of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, having more than Two Children under Fourteen Years of ho shall be approved of in the manner hereinbefore directed.

Members of Volunteer Corps as others), voluntarily to enrol its in the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, g to the Provisions of this Act, until the full Number of mired by virtue of this Act in such County, Stewartry or nil be completed.

\ And be it further enacted, That in all cases in the Execu- Lieutenants, his Aft, when any Matter or Thing is directed to be enquired Deputies and mined into, upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, be- Justices, autho-Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry, or any Deputy Lieu- ritejLt0 a<, minM* n Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such ter at* wt, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices eace, is or are hereby authorised to administer such Oath to toefe or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths to be taken in*of this Act, shall and may be respectively administered by Bfcnant or Deputy Lieutenant.

ft. And be it further enacted, That the Local Militia of the How Regiment* Btanties, Stewartries and Places aforesaid, shall be formed of Militia formed llpatries, which shall not consist of more than One hundred and officered,

Ity, nor of less than Sixty private Men, and that to each of hfepamea there shall be One Captain, One Lieutenant and figs; and that where the Number of Men raised for any jrStewartry or Place, is sufficient, the Local Militia thereof prmed into One or more Regiments, confiding of not more Wve nor of less than Eight such Companies 5 and where Jhtf of Men nrifed in any County, Stewartry or Place, is fctttta form a Regiment, the Local Militia thereof shall be B b 2^formed

374

C. 68.

A.D. 1811.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

His Majesty may

direct any Number of Officers, &c. serving in Local Militia at time of patfing' Ad, to be retained, although Number may exceed Prop, r-tion prescribed for any Regiment, Sec.

Officers retained beyond Propositions prescribed, to succeed to Vacancies.

In cases of Regiments being reduced, Officers

52 GEO. III.

formed into a Battalion, confiding of not more than Seven i less than Four such Companies; and where the Number of 1 raised in any County, Stewartry or Place, is not sufficient to f Battalion of Four such Companies, the Local Militia thereof C formed into a Corps, confiding of not less than Three such i panies; and that the Field Officers of such Regiments, Batti and Corps respectively, shall in no case exceed the respective and Ranks following; that is to say, in every Regiment confif3 not less than Eight hundred private Men, One Lieutenant( Commandant, One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors; ]' Regiment or Battalion confiding of not less than Four huj' eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commaik Lieutenant Colonel and One Major; and in every Battalion c of less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Li Colonel and One Major; and in every Corps conOding of! Companies, One Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other J Officer: Provided always, that no Colonel or Field Officer ] Local Militia shall be a Captain of a Company: Provided J every Battalion confiding of Five Companies or upwards, i One Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which! Lieutenants shall be appointed indead of One Lieutenant aaf Ensign; and that every Regiment may have One Company of I diers and One Company of Light Infantry, to each of whit' panies Two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of One] nant and One Enlign s Provided also, that to every confiding of Ninety private Men or upwards, there may Lieutenants and One Ensign, or Three Lieutenants, as may be.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be W His Majesty, by any Order signified by His Majesty's Scci State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non Commissioned f and Corporals, actually serving in any Regiment, Battalion t of Local Militia, at the time of passing this Act, to be l ring the Continuance of the present W3r, or for so long it ring the Continuance thereof as His Majesty shall think tit| cers, Non Commissioned Officers or Corporals respectively I Regiments, Battalions or Corps, although by reason thereof t ber of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals i of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall exceed portion of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corp spectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps < Militia, by this Act; and all such Officers, Non Cobt Officers and Corporals so retained as aforesaid, shall be such Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Non

Officers and Corporals respectively are by Law entitled thing in any Law or Act to the contrary thereof notwithst

LXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, Officers so retained who shall exceed the Proposition of < spedlively prescriled for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, ceed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment,

Corps respectively, according to their respective Ranks, and I with the elded Officer of each Rank respectively.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Local 1 of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall, previousy to the pd

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

375

52 GEO. III.

0/ this Act, have consisted of Two or more Regiments, Battalions appointed to or Corps, and any One or more of such Regiments, Battalions or "I*1 Regiments, Corps, shall (in consequence of the Reduction of the Quota of Local Militia for such County, Stewartry or Place under this Act) be reduced, it shall in every such case be lawful for His Majesty to order and dire# that any Number of Field Office!s and Officers, together with the Adjutant and Quarter Mailer, who were serving at the time of passing this Act, shall and may be appointed by the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry or Place, to act as Field Officers, Officers,

Adjutant or Quarter Mailer respectively, in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia within the said County, Stewartry or Place, and shall continue to serve in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they may be so appointed, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps may exceed the Proposition of Officers prescribed for any Regiment,

Battalion or Corps of Local Militia under this Act; and all such Officers so appointed and retained as aforesaid shall be entitled to such Pay,

Rank, Emolument and Advantages, as other Officers of the Local Militia are entitled to, and shall succeed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, according to their respectire Ranks, beginning with the elicit Officer of each Rank respectively; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty, in any case in which more than One Regiment, Battalion may order or Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raised in any County or Counties to be Stewartry, to direct the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County or Stewartry, to divide such County or Stewartry for the Purposes of this Act, into such Number of Di-Tifioos as there are Regiments, Battalions or Corps to be raised in such County, regard being had to the Number of Persons liable to lerTe and tie Establi foment of each Regiment, and all other Circumstances of local Convenience; and from and after such wivision each of such Divisions of such County or Stewartry shall supply all Vacancies arising in the Regiments, Battalions or Corps respectively belonging to such Divisions: Provided always, that such Divisions and all Apportionments made in pursuance thereof may be from time to time varied or altered, as Occasion may require.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Local Militia Local Militia of of any County or Stewartry shall not be sufficient to form Four Two or more Companies, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Counties joined Local Militia of such County or Stewartry to be joined to the Local rm

Militia of any other County or Stewartry", in order to form a Battalion, and to be trained and exercised in any one of such Counties or Stewartries as His Majesty shall be pleased to direct and the different Field Officers to be hereafter appointed to any such Battalion shall be appointed as follows: Where Three or more Counties,

Stewartries, Cities or Places shall be joined together to form a Battalion, the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry", City or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of private Men > the Lieutenant Colonel shall he appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or shee, furnishing the next greatest Number; and the Major shall be 1PPted by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or wee, farnishing the Third greatest Number $ and where Two Coun-B b 3 ties*

37*

C. 69.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

[Proviso.]

In what case His Majesty may order Local MU litia to be formed, &c.

In what case County Lieutenant may act u Commandant of Local Militia.

Local Militia Officers accepting Commission* of same Rank in any other Regiment how to rank*

When Commandant abfemfiom G. R, His Majesty may direct Officer next in Command to act, who shall he veftid with same Powers 111 Commandant shall return and notify Arrival.

ties, Stewartries, Cities or Places only shall be joined together: form a Battalion, then and in such case the Lieutenant C*Commandant and the Major shall be appointed by the Lieute the County, Stewartry, City or Place furnishing the greased F' and the Lieutenant Colonel shall be appointed Dy the Laetib the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the (mailed ] ber: Provided always, that where any County, Stewartry, C Place, shall not furnish Men sufficient to form a Company, the tenant of such County, Stewartry, City or Place (kail not any of the Field Officers.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lai His Majesty in every case for which no special Provision is i this Act, to cause the Local Militia of any Couaty, Stew Place, to be formed and regulated in such manner as to His ]

shall seem meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, Ba Corps, conforming in every case, as near as the ProporboM oil will admit, to the Establishment with respect to Regiments, f talions, Corps and Companies, in this Act particularly aireded.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be faisrfi the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, to act as ( mandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Mfl" ' such County, Stewartry or Place, for and during such tune ast shall not he any Commandant appointed to such Regiment, T or Corps; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Stei Place, shall take the Command of any Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place, such Lieutenant shall be eat*the Rank of Colonel, but shall not receive any higher Pay \ of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant: Provided always, that i tenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall act as Corns of more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps, at One tin cepting in those cases m which such Lieutenant may have ti  his Services to the Local Militia as Commandant of more t Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer < Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being duly qu who may have accepted or shall accept a Commission or Apj of the same Rank in any other Local Militia Regiment, or Corps, and shall thereby vacate his former Commission, (haftj tinue to rank in the general Service according to the Date Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in the Local f so vacated as aforelakf.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Co other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of ] Militia, shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall i to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the ( the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such ment, Battalion or Corps, shall belong, and to the Commanding ( cer and Adjutant thereof, it shall he lawful for His Majesty, by 1" rant under his Sign Manual, to dind and order that the Officer io Command, who shall be redding in Great Britain, shall in dll ad and serve as the Commandant of such Regiment, Batt " Corps; and all Powers and Authorities which might have'erciicd by such Colonel or other Commandant, so absent as atoMlli while reddent in Great Britain, (halt be veiled in and eaerrifed by the

AshJu.

C#68<

37?

p# GEO. III.

tk Oficer aext ia Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be resident in Great Britain, and from and after iAiring the hid Warrant as aforesaid, 'all Matters and Things which ought to be tranCi&ed and done by any other Person or Persons with such Colonel or other Commandant whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be traafa&ed and done during the time aforesaid, with such Officer so next ia Command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain / and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order of such Coload or other Commandant for the Use of such Regiment, Battalias or Corps, shall be ifiiied and paid to or to the Order of such Oficer neat in Command as aforesaid; and all A da. Matters and Things, done by and with such Officer so next in Command as afore-(ad, during the time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorised or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant when in Great Britain, shall be as good and valid as if done by or wkh such Colonel or other Commandant; and during the Absence from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the Quarter Mailer to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the same manner as such Colonel or other Commandant {night have done: Provided always, that such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall assume the Powers so given to him as aforesaid, in confluence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, shall, within Seven Days after he shall aflame any such Powers, notify the Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel or other Commandant to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, and also to the Secretary at War: Provided also, that if any such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid shall hare given any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Ac-costrements, which ought to be provided for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, and if before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, sod before the Money shall be issued for the same, such Colonel or other Commandant shall leave Great Britan, the Orders so given by such Colonel or other Commandant M nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or other Com-nasdsat, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain as aforesaid$ and in Hkt manner if any Officer so next in Command as aforesaid OuU, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, and before such Orders shall be com-phted, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the same, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Ar-nul u aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Csmaaod as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued ia \dpft thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, not-B b 4 withstanding

Officer neit in Command shall within Seven Days after assuming Command, notify Absence of Commandant to County

Lieutenant, &c. Orders given by Commandant for Clothing, See. completed and Money paid, though he may leave G. B.; as shall Orders given by Officer next in Command during Absence of Commandant, though he may return.

37

C. 68. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812

withstanding the Return of such Colonel or other Commandant as

aforesaid.

His Majesty to

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and appoint Adju- shall appoir/t One proper Person, who shall have served in some of t.ints from Army pjjs Majesty's other Foroes, or in the Militia while embodied, for shall preserve  ^e Term of Five Years at the lead, to be an Adjutant to each Re-Rank in Army, giment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia; and such Adjutant, and may be ap- if appointed out of His Majesty's other Foroes, shall, during his Sc?-pointed to Rank vice \n the Loca] Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army in the same f ive YearsSer- manner as^he had continued in that Service; and it shall be lawful vice, though not ^orhe Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, on the Requalified. commendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment,

Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, raised within such County, Stewartry or Place, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to serve with the Rank of Captain, provided such Adjutant shall have served Five Years as a Commissioned Officer in the Regular or Local Militia while embodied, or in His Majesty's other Foroes, or as an Adjutant in the Volunteers, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains: Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia while embodied, or of His Majesty's other Foroes, such Adjutant hath served, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Corn-No Adjutant so million or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutant so appointed appointed to to serve with the Rank of Captain shall, by virtue of the Date of i^lUorn^Tnd n ^uch Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank Captain ot above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Local Mi-Company, or be Htia: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall, by reason of any entitled to great- such Appointment as aforesaid, be entitled to receive any greater or er Pay than other Pay or Allowances than those of Adjutant.

Adjutant.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Regiment

To Co; ps of not Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, confiding of not less than Two Com^ani-s Sur Companies, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, geon appointed, Stewartry or Place, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appointe. One fit and proper Person, who shall have passed an Examination it

Surgeons Hall, or at the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and received his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and every such Appointment shall recite the Certificate of the Person so appointed, and an attested Copy thereof shall be transmitted to and kept by the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every such Surgeon shall, while the Local Militia to which he shall belong are disembodied, receive Fifteen Shillings per Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise of such Local Militia under this Act, and One Guinea for every Day that he shall attend the Enrolments at the Subaivision Meetings; such last mentioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Collector of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which such Local Militia shall be-In what case long 5 an(^ every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid shall, during Surgeons to re- the time of the Local Militia to which he shall belong being em-ceiv*Pay and bodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry

Allow.n: c of in Majesty's other Foroes, and be subject to the like Rules,

fMuybut not Restrictions and Directions in every respect, as far as the same may

V'*

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

379

52 GEO. III.

Inapplicable; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, to hold other Stewart nr or Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall be- Commission. Inrg, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant thereof, to give to such Surgeon a Commission as Lieutenant or Ensign in such Regiment or Battalion; but no such Surgeon shall be capable of receiving any Pay in respect of any such Commission in such Local Militia, during the time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Quarter Mailer the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion ori; omted, but Corps of Local Militia, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to n<^ hoW appoint one fit and proper Person to be the Quarter Matter of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Matter to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quarter Matter may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that such Quarter Matter shall not be capable of holding any Commission, or receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company in the Local Militia, during the time of his being such Quarter Matter as aforesaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Surgeon No Adjutant, or Quarter Matter in the Local Militia, shall ^e capable of being ap-c* appointed pointed Captain of a Company, nor shall any Person holding the ofnor

Commission of Captain of a Company be capable of being appointed any Caplin Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Matter of Local Militia. appointed Ad-

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is en- jutant.&c. titled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay Offi-Half Pay, during the time he shall serve as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter on taking follow-Matter or Surgeon in the Local Militia, but that the lame shall never- ing thelefs continue; and instead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so entitled to Half Pay and serving as aforesaid shall take the following Oath

A.B. do swear, that I had not, between the Oath.

' and the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, be

1 Odes my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in

late Regiment of save and

' except my Pay as [Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain,

Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Matter or Surgeon, as the ' case may be\ % for serving in the Local Militia.*

And the taking of the said Oath, shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals Proposition* of and Drummers shall be appointed to the Local Militia, in the fol- Non Commis-lowing Propositions; that is to say, there shall be One Serjeant and officer, ani One Corporal to every Twenty Private Men; and there shall be Two Drummer*' Drummers to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer fa each Hank Company of Regiments or Battalions confitting of Fire or more Companies as aforesaid $ and all Serjeants, Corporals

and

3*

C. 68.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Oath to be taken by Non Comm iffioo Officcn and Drummer* n Permanent Pa7.

Serjeant Major* and Drum Majors appointed, but no Publican shall serve at Serjeant, Ac.

Commandant* may discharge Serjeants, Sec. and appoint others.

ExtraDrummert kept as Fifersor Musicians, at Expence of Regiment.

and Drummers, not being retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters in the manner herein after directed, shall take the Oath heraa* before directed to be taken by Persons chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia; and that all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers* who may have consented or been engaged to remain on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as herein after directed, shall take the following Oath; that ia to say,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be true and

faithful, and hear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George,

and that I will faithfully serve in the Local Militia within Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally dif-< charged.*

And all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, receiving permanent Pay as such from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be deemed to be engaged, and shall be compellable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, until they shall be legally discharged, and when not in actual Service shall be new clothed once in Two Years: And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Two or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major: Provided always, that no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, dull be capable of being appointed, or of serving or receiving permanent Pay as an Adjutant, Quarter Mader, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Cop* poral, Drum Major, or Drummer in the Local Militia.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer whether upon permanent Pay, or otherwise, may be discharged by the Colonel or other Commandant, and the said Colonel or other Commandant may appoint any proper Person in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who shall die, defat, be difrnifTcd or discharged, all which Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, to appointed, shall take the like Oath as is berenbefore re* quired to be taken by Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers respectively.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, Stewartry or Place, or the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than is herein directed to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the Use of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commandant, to retain in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps, any Number of the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifcn or Musicians therein, over and above the Number established by this Act, or at any time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps; and all such Drummers lb retained or ia future engaged to serve in any such Corps as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed Drummers of Local Militia within the Meaning of this Act to all Intent! and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject

to

&.XXiSia.

52 GEO. III.

c: s.

s*

0 tie fane Order*, Regulations, Penalties and Ptmilhmente as other

)nunmen of Local Militia are by this Act subject, and shall continue

1 serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and lotbk ther Drummers have, or better Clothing ia lieu thereof, ad no

LX.And be it further enacted, That the said Local Militia Load MiBtU vhen drawn oat and embodied shall be entitled to the same Pay and w*[ fUlowancft, for themselves and Families, according to their respec- p* &Vai the Ranks, as His Majesty's other Militia Forces when drawn out R^ida- Militia, sod embodied.

LXXXV. And be it farther enabled, That every Person enrolled Local Militia to serve in the Local Militia under this Act shall, upon being aflem- entitled to AL bled for Training and Exercise under this Act, be entitled to a Sum 19win" for t exceeding Ten Shillings and Six pence for the First Year of his Nece"an Smite, and Five Shillings and Three pence for each succeeding Year of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company to which such Man shall belong, for the Purpose of providing and teeping up such Necessaries for such Person as may be specined in my Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State to that Enest; and ifl such Sums of Money shall, at the Conclusion of each Period of Exerdfe or Service as aforesaid, be accounted for, by the Captain commanding each Company, to the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment,

[Proviso.]

Battalion or Corps to which such Captain shall belong; and the Residue, if any, paid to such Quarter Mailer, who shall account for the same to the Secretary at War: Provided always, that no Person shall he entitled to receive any Allowance for Necessaries, who shall not haw been present during the whole of the Period of Annual Exercise.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty may His Majesty to put the Local Militia enrolled under this Act, when afanbled for Training or Exercise'in time of War, or when embodied^at herein after mentioned, in like manner as the Regular Militia when officers; embodied, under the Command of such General Officers of his Re-

gular Foroes, as His Majesty shall please to appoint; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tnd may order His Majesty to order and direct that the Local Militia to be raised it to be called under this Act, shall be called out within their respective Counties out yetrlyto bo or Stewartriesin each Year, at such times, in such manner, and in such tramed* Propositions, and under such Regulations as His Majesty shall direct in that behalf, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, regard

being had to the local Circumstances of each County and Stewartry, and to the Seasons most important to the Course of Industry and Cokbation within the same; and the Periods and Places for such Esercife shall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieu tenon of the several Counties and Stewartries with the Approbation of His Majesty: Provided always, that no Local Militia Men under Men not trained this Act shall be trained or exercised any greater Number of Days for more than 28 in the whole in each Year than Twenty eight entire Days, exclusive Day*"*Year, ef Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from for be ?r^cred the Place appointed for Exercise (for which extra Days the Pay and County in which Subsistence allowed to His Majesty's Forces on March shall be al- enrolled, lowed] 5 and no such Local Militia shall be ordered to march for such Tnnag and Exercise out of the County or Stewartry within which

any

382

In what case Local Militia may Sc marched into .<dj >!ning County.

His Majesty may difrrifs any Part of Inch Militia Men, and discontinue Training, &c.

Men may remove from one County to another

[Penalty.]

C. 68. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

any such Local Militia shall have been enrolled, unless as herein after directed

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Majesty by any Older notified by his Secretary of State, upon the Application of the Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry ie which the principal Town or Towns of such County or Stewartry shall not aff >rd sufficient Accommodation for the Quartering of the Local Militia of the County or Stewartry, during the Training and Exercising of such Local Militia, or in any case in which it may be more convenient with respect to the Residence of the Persons enrolled in such Local Militia, and to the Distance which such Persons may have to march for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, to authorize and allow, and to order the Local Militia of such County or Stewartry, or any Regiments or Regiment thereof, or any Detachment or Company of any such Regiment, to be marched into any adjoining County or Stewartry, for the Purpose of training and exercising; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall have been to called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order of His Principal Secretary e/ State, at any time that he may think fit, to order and dire^l any Pa t or Proposition of such Local Militia to be dismissed, and its Exercit? to be discontinued; and from time to time again to direct the afletn-bling of any such Local Militia, or any Part or Proposition thereof, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, as to His Majesty may seem necessary, according to the Rules and Provisions in this Ax contained.

XC. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person enrolled to serve as a Private in the Local Militia under this Act shall be desirous of removing from one County, Stewartry or Place, to another County, Stewartry or Place, at any time or times during the Period of his Service, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon giving Notic? in Writing to his Commanding Officer, who shall certify the same to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or the Clerk of the Lieutenancy of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Local MiJitu Man intends to remove; and every such Local Militia Man so removing, shall be received into the Local Militia of the County, Stem-artry or Place, if there be any Local Militia enrolled in such County, Stewartry or Place; and if not, into the Local Militia of some adjoining County, Stewartry or Place, to that to which be shall hare removed, and shall continue to serve therein for the Remainder of the Term for which he shall have been enrolled; and every such Local Militia Man wrho shall not present himself to the Deputy Lieutenants of some Subdivision in such County, Stewartry or Place, or such adjoining County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being enrolled in the Local Militia thereof, and who shall not transmit to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from which he shall have removed, within One Month after the Expiration of such Annual Training, a Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps into which he may have been received, of his having been duly trained and exercised in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall forfeit double the Sum 'which such Person would have forfeited if he had not appeared to be

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 68.

383

trained and exercised in the Local Militia in which he was ballotted snder this Act; and every Person who shall again remove, or who shall proceed to any other County, Stewartry or Place, than that of which he shall have first given Notice, shall in like manner again give Notice, and transmit Certificates as aforesaid: Provided always, that bot nof dtiring it shall not be lawful for any Person enrolled to serve as a Local Mi- Period of litia Man, to remove from one County, Stewartry or Place, to another Training.

County, Stewartry or Place, during the time that the Regiment to which be belongs shall be assembled, without having first obtained the Confect of his Commanding Officer expressed in Writing.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be LoH Lieute-lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or for the Vice Lieutenant of any nant, Sec. mar County, Stewartry or Place, or for the Sheriff of any County, or cjII out Local Stewart of any Stewartry, or, in the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant for

awl Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, Stewartry or Place, Mennot0* for any Two Justices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to appearing, call out and assemble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local Mi- Penalty, litia of such County, Stewartry or Place, for the Suppression of any Riot or Tumults in such County, Stewartry or Place, or in any adjoining County, Stewartry or Place; and every Person then enrolled in the Local Militia so called out as aforesaid, who shall not appear tad join his Regiment, within such time and at such Place as shall be specified in any Notice or Notices put upon the Door of his Parish Church, or otherwise publicly given, shall be subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in this Act, for not appearing when the Local Miiiiia shall be assembled for Training and Eiercife: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part of any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that the Person not appearing was prevented by Absence or any unavoidable Cause from receding such Notice, or appearing as aforesaid; and all such Local When so called Militia, when so called out and assembled on such Service as aforesaid, out, deemed shall be deemed to be assembled for Training and Exercise under this aTembled for Ad; and all Provisions relating to the Local Militia when assembled rawing, amd for Training and Exercise shall apply to the Local Militia called out secretary of # upon such Service as aforesaid, and all Days of such Service shall be Stite; but not deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercise under this Act: kept so a(Tm-Provided always, that when any Local Militia shall be so called out mor? t|^n as aforesaid, the same shall be immediately notified to One of His ^aysmne Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty's Approbation thereof: Provided also, That no such Local Militia shall be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Service for any longer Period than Twenty eight Days in any One Year and if any such Service shall arise after any such Local Militia shall have been trained and exercised for the full Period of Twenty eight Days in such Year, then and in such case the Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercising of the succeeding Year.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That any Person able and fit Serjeants of to serve, being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, kJhvlfea Hospital or being an Out Petitioner on the Establishment of the said Hospital, and being appointed to serve as a Serjeant in the Local Militia, may ce^AlUw- and shall receive the Allowance to which he is entitled on the Efta- antes therefrom, blishment of the said Hospital, together with his Pay from the said together with local Militia: and any Person who shall have faithfully served on Pjy wDocal

Per- MUmiu

3*4

Serjetntt, Sec. having (Served in Local Militia oo Years may receive Chelsea Peofion.

During time of Exercise, Mutiny-Ad and Article! of War how far in force.

Officer commanding Division of Local Militia

called out to Exercise, not

may order Courts Martial to be held, and Commandant of Regiment on Application,

shall order (\ifficent Number of Officers to attend, but Sentence submitted to Commandant*

C. 6S.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1IA

Permanent Pay a a 8eijeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the Militia for Twenty Years, or any Period who having previousl as a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man in the: Army, or at a 8erjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Regular shall by Service in the Local Militia make up on the who)*] Period of Twenty Years Service in the Army, Militia, and I Militia taken together, and who shall be discharged on Ac Age or Infirmity, shall, on the Recommendation of the C other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corpa to 1 belongs, and the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lie of the County, Stewartry or Place to which the said Reg' talion or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or I Absence of the said Lieutenant) on the Recommendatioa 1 Colonel or other Commandant, and Three or more Deputy - nants of such County, Stewartry or Place, be entitled to Exan at the Chelsea Board, and be capable of being placed on the 1 ment of the said Hospital at the Pension of Five pence per 7 the said Board should judge him deserving thereof.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That, during such tknei Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being tr exercised, or for the Suppression of any Riot or Tumult as; said, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things contained U Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for the on Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the An their Qu*rters, and in the Articles of War made in pursuance <_ Act, shall be in force with respect to such Local Militia, and the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and priv of the same, in all cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishm extend to Life or Limb; and that it shall be lawful for the < commanding and present with any Detachment or Division of 1 Militia called out to Exercise under any of the Provisions d Ad, not being under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he| think it necenanr, a Regimental Court Martial to be held Trial of any Offence committed by any Serjeant, Corporal, mer or private Man, under and during his Command; and iJf cient Number of Officers shall not be present to constitute such <j Martial, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the] giment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to which any fact| tachment or Division of Local Militia shall belong, and be is f required, upon Application made to him by the Officer con ing such Detachment or Division for that Purpose, to order a I cient Number of Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Pw of assisting at such Court Martial, who shall forthwith attend the i and assist as Members thereof; and the Sentence of every such C Martial shall in every case be submitted to the Colonel or other ( mandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such F ment Of Division shall belong, or (in his Absence from the < Stewartry or Place) to the Senior Field Officer within the fan Ms Approval thereof, who shall cause such Sentence to be J Execution, mitigated or remitted, as he shall in his Discretion \ toeft for the Service; Provided always, that every such Court M which may have been assembled for the Trial of any Offender as l laid, daring the Period of any Regiment, Battalion Or Corps, I _ nflombM for Training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of RiojEj

10

Ilia.

C. 68-

52 GEO. III.

malts, may continue to fit, notwithstanding the Dismissal of the lent, Battalion or Corps, to which the Members composing the Martial may belong.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Com-sed Officer and private Man of the Local Militia, who shall I the Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he Kbog being embodied or assembled for Training and Exercise, 'the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, have been guilty of fence against any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment tty and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance f such Act, and shall have been put under Arrest for, for shall ecu reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, e committed such Offence before the Disembodying or Dif-of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by any al or Regimental Court Martial confiding of Officers of the l or Local Militia, and if found guilty may be punished for such, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such r, Non Commissioned Officer or private Man shall belong, shall be embodied or assembled, in like manner as any Officer, at, Corporal or Drummer, or private Man of the Local Militia t tried during the Period of the Local Militia being embodied.

V. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times and of Exercise of the Local Militia Men to be raised by virtue of & shall, by Order of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or i Absence of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) of any Three y Lieutenants, be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in the respective its, Stewartries and Places; and shall be advertised Three times

County or Stewartry Paper, or if any County or Stewartry re no Paper, then in iome Newspaper published in Edinburgh; e laid Deputy Lieutenants, at some Subdivision Meeting to be n carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the otices, shall cause the Men serving for such Subdivision to be out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the of the General Meetings as aforesaid, and for that Purpose hie Orders directing the Schoohnastere, Constables and other r within their respecthre Divisions and Parishes, which School-, Constables and other Officers shall cause such Notice as afore->jbf affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging tr respective Parishes or Places, or (if any Place shall have no k or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or i of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice so fed or affixed as aforesaid, shall be deemed'a sufficient Notice to Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any ins in the Delivery of written Notices in manner herein after M; and such Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, are J required also to give Notice in Writing to the several Local i Men who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at IWt and Places respectively, by serving them personally, or by the same at their uiual Place of Abode, to attend at the Time woe mentioned in such Order; and all such Local Militia Men My attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such httspectively.

3*5

Offences committed during Training tried afterwards.

Notices of Tassi and Places of Exercise lent to Subdivision Meetings, who shall issue Orders for calling out Men; Notices advertised and affixed on Church Doors, sufficient.

Constables to give written Notices to Med to attend.

386

C. 68.

Clerks of Sub-division Meetings to lend Lills of Men enrolled, and the time and Place of Exercise, to Commanding Officers, fcc.

When Pay of Men called out to Exercise to tommence.

I.OC.d Militia Man falling Tick on March how relieved.

Magistrates may b'Uet Local Militia when called out to annual Exercise, and when not embodied may order Lodgings, &c. for Non Com-sniflioned Officers and Drummers.

52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the federal

Subdivision Meetings in every County, Stewartry or Place shall, within the Space of Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notices m aforesaid, from the Clerk of the General Meetings, cause a full and true Lift, specifying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Persons enrolled (within each Subdivision respectively)to serve ii such Local Militia, and the Time and Place of Exercise to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, for which such Persons have been enrolled by virtue of this Act, or to such Person as shall be appointed by such Commanding Officer to receive the same, and shall in like manner cause a Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, when not embodied and called out into adltial Service, and who shall be called out for the Purpose ot being trained and exercised as aforesaid, shall commence upon the Day on which such Perton shaft join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or DiviGonwhich he ffiali belong, and not before.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Local Mi* litia Man shall on his March to the Place where he shall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercise, be ciifabled by Sickness or otherwi^ it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County* Stewartry or Place, or auy Provost or Chief Magistrate of any City, Burgh or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant uaderj his Hand, to order him such Relief as such Justice, Provost or Chief* Magistrate, shall think reasonable, and the same shall be giveu by the Kirk Session of the Parish or Place where such Local Militia Mai shall then be; and the Kirk Session giving such Relief shall, upoa producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Quarter Mallet j of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Local Militia* Man shall belong, (such Account being first allowed under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace) be re-imbursed such Expences by such Quarter Master, who shall be allowed the same in such Accounts.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fot all Provosts, Bailiffs and other Chief Magistrates, and for all Cob* {tables and other Peace Officers of Cities, Burghs, Parishes and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any One Justice of the Pace inhabiting within or near any City, Burgh, Parish or Place, (but for no others) and they and he are and is respectively hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men serving in the Local Militia at the times when they shall be called out to annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houses, Victualling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglm, by Retail, upon Application made to any such Provosts, Bailiffs or other Chief Magittritw, or for any Constables, or other Peace Officers of His Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Local Militia, of the County, Stewartry or Place where they shall be so called out to Exercise as aforesaid; and when the Local Militia is not embodied, nor called out to Exercise as aforesaid, all Provosts and other Chief Magistrates and Officers aforesaid, or (in their Defaulter Absence) any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they

13 aid

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

37

52 GEO. III.

wl he are and is hereby respectively required to order and provide convenient Lodging, with Fire and Candle, in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia OB permanent Pay.

C. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia shall Justicet to grant be called out to be trained and exercised, or for the Suppression of W*<J.T*n2 Riots or Tumults, any Justice of the Peace of any County, Stewartry Lal*Militia or Place, being thereunto required by ati Order from the Lieutenant on it* March, or from any Deputy Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry or Place, or from the Coloneh or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment,

Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Local Militia, bring within such County, Stewartry or Place, may and shall issue his Wamnt, specifying the Carriaget necessary to convey the Arms,

Godu, Accoutrements, Ammunition and other Stores of any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Local Mili-tm, and the Person or Persons by whom the same shall be furnished, with the Number of Men who shall be required to drive the same 5

in case such Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any sech County, Stewartry, Parish or Place, then any Justice of the Ptace for any adjoining County, Stewartry, Parish or Place, may ed shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn to him, issue his Wamnt for such Carriages and Men as shall be necessary to make up Rates paid for Ac Deficiency; and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of Carriages, the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Local tt&da for which such Carriages and Men shall be required to be fiBnied as aforesaid, shall pay to the Person or Persons who shall noride such Carriages, such Rate per Mile as shall be fixed by such Jdbce, and specified in such Warrant, not exceeding Four pence 6r every Mile any Cart with one Horse shall travel, and so in Proposition for any Number of Carriages drawn by any greater Number f Hordes; and every Person so ordered to provide such Carriages ad Men is hereby required to provide and furnish the same accord-iBgly, for one Day's Journey and no more.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Bat- Local Militii talion or Corps of Local Militia, or any Detachment or Division when thereof as aforesaid, shall be assembled for the Purpose of being Exe % ife, Vut trained and exercised, or for the Suppression of Riots of Tumults, it un(jer stoppages M be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every for providing Company, to put the Local Militia Men of his Company under them with Stoppages, not exceeding Four pence per Day, for the Purpose of Linen, fcc, providing them with Linen, and also with such other Necessaries as shall be specified in any Order from the Secretary of State to that Eied, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Local Militia Man's Neried: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Local Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the Hands of the Local Militia Man to whom the same belongs, before such Local Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise, or such Afleabty.

C1L And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Returns of Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Loral MU'tis JiGm.III. Cc Local

OUC

C. 68.

A.D. tSw

3W

52 GEO. III.

to 1>c exercised, to be made by Colonel, ic.

; o County Lieutenant, dec.

Local Militia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion or Corps fasti called out to Exercise as before directed, and within Fourteen Dm from the time of assembling, shall and he is hereby required teirtcr to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place to whka same belongs, a true State of such Regiment, Battalion or GrJ and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meeti _ be kept by him; and all such Lids shall (late the Numbers adat present, adding thereto the Names of those that have beet without Leave of the Commandant, or without transaiitting G cates of Health; and where the Local Militia of any County, artry or Place shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised a

or Propositions successively in manner directed by tliie A6i, tkcOfc

[Penalty.]

Neglect.

Penalty. CaptainsofCom-panies to make out Return for Adjutant, or w here none, for Commanding Officer, who shall make out

commanding every such Part or Proposition for the time within Seven Days after the assembling of such Part or Pa; 'make a Return of the State of the Local Militia exercised by under his Command to the Colouci or Commanding Officer Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Local Militia to cited shall belong, on Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for such Omission; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer reo such Return shall, within Fourteen Days after all the Reti Men belonging to his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, \v have been so assembled, shall have been received by him, trai General Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewart Place, to which such Local Militia shall belong, end a Doyi thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be kept by and in case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for Three Mor.tf. the time herein appointed for making such Returns, so to do, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pou CIII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain or Con

ing Officer of every Company of Local Militia called out to cile tinder this Act shall, during the time of such Exercise,

Under this Act shall, during the time of such Exercise, out a correct and accurate Return of the State of the Classes

Men belonging to his Company, arranged according to the F the Schedule tc

a

to this Act annexed, marked (D) specifying the ral Particulars therein mentioned, and the Subdivision to wh c

andu7nrmitUrn' ^ai1 belong, and shall deliver or transmit the

iame to Clerk of Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or where General Meet- be no Adjutant, to the Commanding Officer of the Local N

inp, andnecei- the County, Stewartry or Place, to which such Company; fary Extrude to long; and such Adjutant or Commanding Officer, os the ca* vifioni whoU(hail One Month after every such Exercise as afor.--

correct Booki of Pr?Pare a, id make out a general and accurate Return of

Enrolments

therefrom.

C'erk to Gn-; <i Meetings

Classes, according to such Form, and with such Sptctfe: aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the(-Meetings, and shall also transmit to the Clerks of the Su! Meetings within the County, Stewartry or Place, to the Militia of which he shall belong, Extracts of such Return, ing the State of the Classes of Men belonging to their Subdiviijona, and such Subdivifon Clerks shall forthwith Looks of Enrolment of their respective Subdivisions, so pond accurately with such Return; and the Clerk to t Meetings shall forthwith, upon Receipt of such Return as

Pkril'd t^trans- anc* within Two Months after the Expiration of such i

ma to Secretary aforesaid, make out and transmit to One of HU Majest/t P

2 iecn.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

C.CT.

3^9

Secretaries of State, correct Abstracts of all such Returns as afote-W, made out in the Form in the Schedule marked (E.) to this Act annexed; and every Person so required as aforesaid to make any such Return, who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make the same in manner aforesaid, at the Period hereby required for that Purpose, stall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CIV. And be it Further enacted, That every Local MiKtia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercised according to the Directions of this Act (Notice having been published ad given as by this Act required), shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken until after the time of any such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and also every Local Militia Man, who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which kbelongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Division thereof, shall desert or absent himself during the time of any such Lercife, and shall not be taken until after the time of such Exercise, wQ forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds \ and if such Pe-salty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before trhom any Local Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence* M commit such Local Militia Man to the House of fcorre&ion to bard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Rad, for any Space not exceeding Three Months, and not less than Povteen Days, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

CV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Local Militia Mao shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not Rtnrn and voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other Officer, Commissioned or Non Commissioned, commanding at the City or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, shall be deposited, or shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the time of his so deferring or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Local Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One De-pitT Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the Room of such Local Militia Man; and in case such Local Militia Man shall at any time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same manner and for the same Term as if 10 Person had been chosen in his Room.

CV1. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Local Militia shall be marked distinctly in dome iSbk Place with the Letters (L. M), and the Name of the County,

1 Stewwtry or Place to which they belong; and in case any Local y&ek Man shall fell, pawn, or lose or wilfully damage any of his Ami, Cloths, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or neglect or refuse tontanwhen required to do so the lame in good Order to his Captain, er to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Local Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not

CC* byGodgfe^S

of Si ate, Ab-flra^t of Returns.

Neglecting#

[Penalty.]

Men not appearing at Exercise, or absenting.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Men shfenting and not returning, or not taken within Three Mouths, others ballot* ed for.

Such Men re^ turning, &c. compelled t# serve.

Muskets

marked.

e

Selling Arms,

kc.< x negledirg

to return them in good Order.

[Penalty.]

Buying Lecal Militia Artm, See.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

When Local Milith not embodied, how Adjutants, Stc. may be tried.

Commandant, Sec. may order any Officers of Local MiEiia, resident where Trial is to be.

C. 6$. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

exceeding Three Pounds; and if such Local Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding Three Months, or until he shall have paid such Penalty.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or otherwise improperly receive any Local Militia Arms, Cloths or Accoutrements, or any such Articles belonging to any Local Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or may have been specified as such in any Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State to that Effect, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by the Money allowed under this Act for providing NccefTaries, or by Dedudiocs out of his Pay, or any public Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Local Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Effect* whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail for the Space of Six Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine, or shall cause such Offender; to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice 5 and it (half be lawful for the Justice before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to order him to be detained is Custody until a Return shall be made to the Warrant of Distress.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Quarter Matter, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major asi\ Drummer of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as herein after directed, shall be at all times subject to any; Ad which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and DesertionL and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commands* of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War, committed during the time such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied or assembled for the Purpose of Training and Exercise, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, for* poral. Drummer or private Man of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have deserted while the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps was embodied, and shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been disembodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That, if a sufficient Number of Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held, uiall belong,

t#

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

391

52 GEO. III.

to order any Officers of the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry to assist at or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall ^belong, Court Martial, adoally resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Ser- eiu^ei

jeant, Corpora], Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, to attend and assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and assist accordingly, byt no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Sentence not Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Execution Dram Major or Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put byColonef&c in Execution, until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or y other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

CX. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Non Commis-Drummer of the Local Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court Mar-till, be reduced to the Condition of a private Local Militia Man, to peduoed^if not imeas such during any time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case reitored, dif-the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, shall not chained, be then embodied or called out into actual Service 5 and in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service to serve as aforesaid, until the disembodying of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, after which time or at the End of the said Fifteen Months, as the case may be, if not regularly rc-appointed to the Rank of a Non Com-rnffiooed Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service: Provided always, that in case any Serjeant, Corporal or Provif*.

Drummer serving on Permanent Pay, shall have been reduced by Sentence of a Court Martial to serve as a Private Man, for any Period not exceeding Fifteen Months, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall not by such Reduction be released from his Engagement as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, but shall at the Expiration of the Period of such Reduction be again liable to serve as such until legally discharged; nor shall any such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, during the Period of such Reduction, be at Liberty to enHft or enter into His Majesty's Regular Foroes, Navy, Marines or Regular Militia, unless with the Consent of his Commanding Officer specified in Writing.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Courts Martial General Court Martial assembled for the Trial of any Serjeant, Cor- mayfentenceto poral. Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, to sentence any Service in such Sergeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to serve in the^f8U- Local Militia, for any Period not exceeding Four Years, over and

above the Period for which he may be already enrolled; or to sentence any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to serve for any Period not exceeding Three Years, in the Regular Militia of the County, Stewartry and Place; and such Man shall thereupon be enrolled to serve for any such Periods, and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, considered a Militia Man during such Period; and it or to Imprison-shall also be lawful for any General or Regimental Court MartiaL by ment* whom any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may bare been sentenced to Imprisonment, to adjudge any such Serjeant,

Cofjoral, Drummer or Private Man, to be imprisoned in any House of Correction, Common Gaol, or public Prison of the County, Stew-arty and Place, for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months-

C c 3 CXII. And

39*

C.$8.

A.Dain.

Gaolers to re ive PrSlooers when required by Piefideot of Court Martial.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Commanding Officers may imprison Men previous to Court Martial.

[Proviso.]

Arms, kc. when Local Militia not embodied kept in Place appointed by Commandant with Approbation of County Lieutenant, to be under Care of Quarter

Mailer.

rv

k

52 GEO. III.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepen

of Prisons shall, if required so to do by any President of a Gtwnl or Regimental Court Martial assembled for the Trial of any Serjetit Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, receive iota their Custody, and confine for such time a? they shall be respectvdy j required so to do, any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man who may have been feotenced to Imprisonment by any such General or Regimental Court Martial; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a Prison who shall refofe to receive and to confine any such Scf jeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, that during tin Continuance of any such Iraprifoquent, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol shall receive the full Subfiilence of such Serjeant, Cop t poral. Drummer or Private Mao, at the Rate of Six pence per Da? for his Maintenance, during the time that such Serjeant, Corporal Drummer or Private Man shall continue in Custody; which Sum of Six pence per Day shall be paid by the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, $attalk>n or Corps to which any such Serjeant, Corpora^ Drummer or Private Man may belong, and shall be charged asfi allowed in his Accounts.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which that. Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps qt DetacWt ment of Local Militia shall deem it necessary to* confine any SerjeJWtfv Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Regiment under his Coflu-mand, in order to hie being brought to Trial before a Court Martah it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer, by Warrant under bit Hand, to commit such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Mia. to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, Gaol or Houftl of Correction, who shall Deceive into his Custody and confine fadT Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man accordingly, fudF Gaoler receiving the full Pay of such Serjeant, Corporal, Dnuamot or Private Man, for his Maintenance during the time he may contiaua in such Confinement: Provided always, that no such Serjeant, Cos* poral. Drummer or Private Mail shall continue in Connaeaaent, i| Order to his Trial by Court Martial, more than Eight Days, or uod a Court Martial can conveniently be assembledL

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Anns, Account*

ments, Clothing and other Stores, belonging to every Regupent, Battalion or Corps of Militia, when not embodied, shall be kept if such convenient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant shall direct, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place; and that the Quarter Mailer to such Regiaent, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or other Commandant; and it shall be lawful for the Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, at the Desire of the Colonel or other Commandant, to draw upon the Colle$or of the Cess of each County, Stewartry and Place respectively, for any Sum necessary for the Purpose of providing a proper Place for keeping such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Stores, nofc exceeding the Proposition of Ten Pounds Sterling for each Six hundred Men in any one Year and which. Sum shall be paid to the Colonel or other Commandant, requiring such CWk to draw for the fooaci and shall be applied by him in providing tack Depot,

and

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

393

52 GEO. III.

aifloti bo wgaiaft, accounted for by the Production of Receipts folk Money expended in providing such Depot, which Receipts AiiLbe delivered to the CoUe&or of the Cess, and shall he a Dif-cbsrgeto him in his Accounts, and shall be delivered by him as Cash to t Rectwer General of the Cess-or Land Tax ip Scotland; and* it shall be lawful for the General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County or Stewartry to order and dire<5 a lit, proper, and oonve-nkor nice for the Purpose of keeping the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Stores of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be profideaor built, if no such lit, proper and convenient Place can be toattd, the ffire or Colt of which Place shall be certified by the Gtuenl Meeting of Lieutenancy to the Clerk or Clerks of Supply of the County or Stewartry,. Counties or Stewartries, wherein or for which such Place of Depot ought to have been provided; and such Cksk or Clerks of Supply shall thereupon summon a Meeting of tk Commissioners of Supply to be held within Twenty one Day* afar die Receipt of such Certificate, and the Commissionere of Sup at such Meeting make au Assefiuient for such Expence, it die manner and to be levied a6 is herein directed in the cafo of Bbkiendes in the Quotas of Local Militia to be raised in any County or Stewartry: Provided always, that in ail cases in which any such* at, proper and convenient Place shall be so ordered by the General Mbedog of Lieutenancy to be provided or built, the Sum herein-kbrc diw&ed to be allowed to the Colonel or other Commandant of oik Regiment for providing the same, shall be paid to such Colonel orotkr Commandant, and shall be by him applied in Diminution of tkfonto be levied upon such County or Stewartry, for the Pur-pde of defraying the Hire or Cost of such Depot.

CXV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty toordtr and direefc that such Proposition of Serjeants, Corpo* rail and Dnmyners, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, together with the Adjutant, Quarter Matter and: Staff Serjeants, of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall remain on permanent Pay, at the Head Quarters of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, as His Majesty Oui order and diretk.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which Hit Jbjetty, by his Secretary of Stateor otherwise, shall have ordered aflddpe&d, or shall hereafter order and direct, that the Serjeants, Corporals-and Drummers.of the Local Militia allowed to remain on puwnent Pay, shall be reduead in any Proposition below One H&if of each Rank as herein after specified repebively, it shall be lawful bribe Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion* or Corps, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant* or Dcpaty Lieutenant abnp so* the Lieutenant in case the Lieutenant Audi be absent, and of His Majesty's Secretary of State* to agree with the Serjeaatst Corporals of Drummers, of lm Regiment, Battalion or Corps, os any of themi* or with any other Persona willing to engage to fenre as such, notwithstanding the Number so willing to engage 3f caeecd the Half of each Rank, t serve as Serjeants* Corporals adPtamtcs upon- any Deduced! Pay, during the Period* of the Repanit, Battalion or Corps reoai being embodied or af&nnbled for wmfi, in such manner as to the Number of Days' Pay to be allowed, tk Uu&iowuf aoy Proposition* of the Pay per Diem* as shortt fed Ry the Scaretacy of State i* that Behalf; and every C c 4 Seijerat,

Provif*.

His Majesty may order Proposition of Serjeants, &c. to remain on permanent Pay.

Commandant of Corps may agree with Non Commissioned Officers, &c. to serve on reduced Pay, who shall take the follonv-ing

394

C 68.

A.D. 1812.

Oath.

Non Commission Officers, Scc to reside within certaii DilUnce of PUce where Arm* kept, and be under Command of Adjutant; and Monthly Returns of State made to Secretary of State, &c.

52 GEO. III.

Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to serve at such upoa i such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath befi some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace of the County, J Magi (Irate of the Place to the Local Militia of which he dull be* which Oath every such Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Pc Magistrate, is hereby authorised to administer; that is to lay,

I A.B. do engage to serve as a [Serjeant* Corporal or Dri as the case may be] in the Local Militia of 4 I shall be duly discharged, upon the Terms of receiving during such Periods as such Local Militia shall i

embodied or assembled for Exercise.*

And every such Oath shall be reduced to Writing, and fig attested by the Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or ! trate administering the same, and delivered to the Commanding ( of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Serjeant, C or Drummer shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof shall, if i be given to the said Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer; and t jeant, Corporal and Drummer so engaging to serve on such i Pay as aforesaid, shall be compellable to ierve in the Local for the full Period of his Service, in the same manner as if he 1 ceived the full Pay of his Rank therein, and shall be subject t Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be \ force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and I better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the An War made in pursuance thereof; and it shall be lawful far iaj( man ding Officer of Local Militia who shall engage any Soj Corporals and Drummers to serve upon such reduced Pay, to i such Number of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as shall bes- by His Majesty's Secretary or State in that Behalf, so as f whole Amount of such reduced Pay shall not exceed the Ai the full Pay of the Number allowed in any such Order of Re as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the! trary notwithstanding.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Mai all the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, on permanent Parisi Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia, shall const resident within the City, Town or Place, where the Arms 1 to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps are kept, or within One! thereof, excepting when on Fui lough as herein after directed, orf ordered to be absent on Military Duty, under this Act, or f Purpose of raising or enlisting Men for the Regular Milka Majesty's Regular Fcroes, (which Absence shall in no C3fe be fin than Three Months in any One Year, nor shall any greater Ni than One Fourth Part of such Serjeants, Corporals and Dim be absent at any One tim.) and such Serjeants, Corporals and mere shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who shall b Handy resident within the said City, Town or Place, or with ] Miles thereof, (unless as herein after provided) and shall act iai. Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other CommsaMd such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and that the Adjutant, aMty his occasional and unavoidable Absence, the Serjeant Major* (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjeant (baflarfH Monthly Returns of the true State of the Serjeants, Corponbai

Drufflom

C. 68.

395

52 GEO. III.

Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps severally, to His Majesty's Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the County or Stewartry, md to the Colonel or other Commandant of the said Regiment, Battalxfci or Corps, in Default of which, on each such Neglefct, such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall be subject to such Punishment is a Court Martial shall adjudge; and that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent from such City, Town or Place, without a regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, signed by his Colonel or other Commandant; and evry Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who fTiall absent himself without such Furlough or Licence, shall forfeit all Pay during the time of such Absence, and be liable to be apprehend d and punished as a Deserter; and such Adjutant shall never absent himself from such City, Town or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, nor for more than Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cases of Skkuefs: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Ad-jotant shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Quarter Mailer, Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the said Colonel or other Commandant, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant or of the Senior Serjeant, when the Corps haj not any Adjutant or Serjeant Major.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty at any time to order and direct that the Serjeants, Cor-

Sand Drummers of the Local Miluia retained on permanent it Head Quarters as aforesaid, should be employed within their live Counties or Stewart ties under the Command of the Adjutant, in raising Volunteers for His Majesty's Regular Forces or for the Militia: Provided always, that no such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, who shall have consented to receive any reduced Rate of Pay during the Period of the Regiment to which he belongs not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, shall be compellable to be employed on such Service in any other Town or Place than that in which the Arms belonging to such Regiment are kept, without his Coofeot specified in Writing.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Local Militia Man shall not join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, Detachment or Division to which he belongs, at the time of annual Exercise, or shall desert during the time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the time appointed for such Ex-erdlie, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment or Division to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division, at the time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the time of annual Exercise, (as the case may be) and fend the same by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Ser-jeast Major of the Corps, of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein

Serjeant, Sec. absent without Leave.

[Penalty.]

Adjutant absent without Leave, or for more than Three Months in the Year, except in Sickness, See*

Serjeants, frc. ordered to raise V.-iunteers for Regular Force* or Militia.

Method of proceeding wheu Information is received of ReGdence of Local Militia Man who shall not join at annual Exercise, or shall desert during it, and not be apprehended.

39*

C. 68.

iiKita

Method of proceeding where Persons are found suspected to be Non Coui-roilBoned Of5* cers or Drummers who have defexted.

Gaoler* to Te-

t ve Subsistence of Deferior*r

52 GEO. III.

such Offender is suppofod to be or reside $ and tke Adjutant, Snjwt

Major or Senior Serjeant, to whom such Certificate* shall be feat, shall forthwith direct a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drmta mere of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, to mfiifi in apprehending such Offender, and conveying bin before fans Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Race, wheieii such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by ftiu Confttffion, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Judies, it (had appear or be found that such Person it

fuilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Seneant Major or Senior erjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under hie Command, to convey such Offender to flhs Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion.or Corps of Local Militia of the next County, Stewartry or Place in the way to the County, Stewartry or PJaoe to which such Offender belongs, and deliver bins into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regi- meat. Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, who fluff cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the Adjutant or Sasjeaot Majpr of the Regiment, Battalion oc Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the next County, Stewartry or Place, and so in life* manner until such Offender shall be deiinensd into the Custody of the Adjutant or Senior Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, of the Corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with ss this Act directs in case* of Local Militia Men deferring or absenting Themselves from their Duty when* not embodied or called out mto tctual Service; and from the time of his being so apprehended; as aforesaid, until he is brought before uch Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, uch Offender shall be fobfifted at the Rate of Bis* pen* per Day, to be paid by the Coiie&or of the County,. Riding or Pl to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, for which Subsistence such Justi c* is hereby required to make fuedr Order up* such Collector, which, with the Receipt taken upon Payment, fluff be received as Cash by the Receiver General of Scotland from such Collectorr and if any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, retained upoa permanent Pay, shall desert from the Regiment, Battaboai or Corps to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Headborough, C*n-fiable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person wb* may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter shall be- found; to cause such Person to be apprehended and taken before any Jollier of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such fufp&ded Person; and if by hfoCoo-fjession, or the Testimony of any Wituefe or Witnesse* upon. Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that stich suspejdled Person is such Deserter, such Justice fintti forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of ttirConnty, Stew* aitry or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Corra&o* or other public Prison in the Town or Bice in or near to which, such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons. authorised to receive hunaadwe-inafter dira&d, and shall transmit an Account thereof: to the Ckrk of the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Bhwe.to which such Deserter belongs; and the Keeper of such Gaol*.HonfeoCo* refefogiO* ITifon, shall motive, thefutLSnbflfteqeeofe focfoDtititan it

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 68.

the Rate above fpocified for his Maintenance, during the time he Aafl continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the Genial Meetings, receiving such Account, shall immediately transrait i Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regi-B*en Battalion or Corps of his County, Stewartry or Place 5 and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps retained 0* permanent Pay at the Head Quarters; and where there are more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps in any County, Stewartry or Place, such Clerk shall fend such Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants or Commanding Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps, and also to each of the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, retained oq permanent Pay at their respective Head Quarters, within his County, Stewartry or Place; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion car Corps to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to fend aoy Serjeant, Corporal or Druramec, or any Party of the Serjeants* Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall also (end by such Serjeant, Corporal or Drum* urn, or the Serjeant commanding such Party of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand, to the Keeper of the ud Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he ia hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, -m case One only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Stewartry or Place where Cuch; Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant* Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall order a. sufficient Party of the Serjeants* Corporals or Drummers under his Command, to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which he belongs, in the same manner as before directed with respedk to the conveying of Private Local Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major or the Regiment, Battalion or Corps* of! Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall take such Deserter before % Mice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which he belongs, who shall forthmth cause him to be conveyed to the Cora* mon Gaol, House of Correction or other public Prison of such County*. Stewartry or Place, where he shall remain, without Bail, untda Court Martial can and shall be {ummoned* and held for the Trial of such Deserter, according to the srovisions of this Act, when- lie shall b* ddraned to the Person or Persons named in any Order to be issued for that Purpose, under the Hand of the Officer, by whole Author rity such*Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the Delivery of inch Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Pri&a* shall (*f mjmd Ce to do by say. Serjeant, Corporal ot Dmwnae* employed!

in

397

while'confined, tot no Few

Gaolers to receive and confine Defer ten.

C. 68>

A.D. 1812.

Penalty. Serjeants, kc. conveying Deserters, or on March, to be billetted.

Persons apprehending Deserters paid aoe. by Warrant of Justice before whom convicted.

Concealing,

Icc. Deserters.

[Penalty.]

His Majesty may order Local Militia to be embodied in cases of invasion, &c. and put under Command of General Officers, and led by respective Officers, into any part of G. B.; and while so embodied, subject to Mutiny Ad and Articles of War.

1* GEO. III.

in conveying any such Local Militia Man or Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer so offending to the Regiment, Battalion or Cores to which he belongs) receive into their Custody, and confine such Offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding Forty eight Hours; and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, whir they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia while os any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal Authority, shall be billetted in like masher as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to His Majesty, i other Foroes, employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters, an to be billetted.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Deserter shall be brought, shall and may, mo Proof of the Conviction of any such Deserter, either before a Joffiee of the Peace, or by Sentence of a Court Martial, issue his Warrant to the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Deserter shall belong, or to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Quarter Mailer or such Commanding Officer to pay out of the Contingent Fund of such Regiment, Battalion or Cotjh, the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Person who shall have apprehended such Deserter; and such Quarter Mailer or Commanding Officer is hereby authorised and required to pay the same accordingly on Demand.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or alfift any Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast of any Part of the United Kingdom, and in all cases of Rebellion and Insurrection, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to draw out and embody such Local Militia, or any Part or Proposition thereof, and to direct all or any of such Local Militia Men to be marched to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention asd repelling of any such invasion, or for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection, and to keep and continue such Local Militia so embodied for any Period His Majesty may deem requiftte, not exceeding Six Weeks after the Enemy shall have been prevented or repelied, or drivafi from the Coast, or after such Rebellion or Isfur* redion shall have been suppressed; and from the time of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia being called out and embodied as aforesaid, until the same shall be returned again to its own County, Stewartry or Place, and disembodied by His Majesty's Order, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of every such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Ad, and Articles of War, shall be in force with respect to the

12 Local

CM.

399

52 GEO. III.

Local Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the Local Militia, while embodied as aforesaid, in all cases whatsoever.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Local Militia neither the Whole, nor any Part of the Local Militia directed by 10XII this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried  or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty Proclamation shall caofe the Local Militia to be drawn out and embodied as afore.^ect, nE said, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment Par um*m* or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty mar and shall ifltie a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, acd continue to (it and aft in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, mi/it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of |<ocal csery County, Stewartry and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Stewartry j/, eule*

or Place) any Three or more Deputy LieutAiants, to whom any nantstoilTue Order from His Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole Orders, of the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his or their Order to the Constables,

Schoolmasters or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places

within their respective Counties, Stewartries or Places; and such Noticet#attend.

Constables, Schoolmasters or other Officers, are hereby required, upon

Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to

the federal Local Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode,

within their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, to attend at the

Time and Place mentioned in such Order.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in Local Militia the Local Militia shall fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of Officers not to any Officer or Soldier serving in any of His Majesty's other Foroes, or in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Officer, serving in any of nCconua^wHe. His Majesty's other Foroes, fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall be construed to prevent any Officer of the Regular Militia from fitting in a Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the Local Militia fasd Local Militia, ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afore- 1101 marcil* laid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance r*

of such Order, every such Local Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and

Ddeition; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War, made in pursuance of the same; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Local Militia Concealing.

Mao, when ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Local Militia Man, every such Person shall, fa erery such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds.

C. 68.

Si" GEO. Cl.

AAJ.iBii.

Local Militia when ordered to be drawn out, entitled to same Pay as Regular Militia; and entitled to Chelsea Hospital.

Pay of Officers and Men who shall not join on Day appointed, unless prevented by Necessity, shall commence only from Day of joining.

Pay of Men inrolled after Local Militia embodied, when to commence. Allowance at Time of Enrolment to enable them to march. Paid by Collector of County, kc.

When Local Militia ordered out, Collect or shall pay to Captain of every Company One Guinea for the Use of each Man, and alfe

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from the Date  His Majesty's Order in Council or Proclamation as aforesaid, hr drawing out the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or flat into actual Service, the Officers and Men of the Local Militia a such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be entitled to the same ft] as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's Regular Militia, and a other; and if any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or privtt Man of the Local Militia, shall be maimed or wounded in such adia Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hot pital with any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Mai belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That tl^ Pay of every Officer, Serjeant, Con>oral, Drummer and private who shall not join his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia* on the Day appointed for that Purpose, shall commence odj from the Day of his joining such Regiment, Battalion or Corp^. unless such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Ma % shall have been prevented from joining on the Day appointed aforesaid by Sickness or any other inevitable Necessity, to be proretf to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer of the RegimeSw Battalion or Corps; in which case such Officer, Serjeant, CorpotiJ or DnimmeT or private Man may, by Order of his Commandiafr' Officer, be accounted with for his Pay from the Date of His Majesty Order in Council or Proclamation as aforesaid.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Ptav son enrolled to serve in the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry: or Place, after such Local Militia shall have been embodied act! J called out into actual Service, shall commence upon the Day ot which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps tu which he shall belong, and not before: Pttmded always, that it 1 shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace by whom any such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order ani 5 direct an Allowance to be made to such Person for the Purpose of* enabling him to proceed to and join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay: of so many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where i he was enrolled to the Place where the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps may be stationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than Ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of halting Days; and the said Allowance of Pay shall be advanced to such Person at the time of his Enrolment by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices aforesaid, or One of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Collector of the County, Stewartry or Place, on the Production of a Certificate to that Effect, signed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Tuslices, or One of them; and the said Collector shall be allowed for the same in his Accounts accordingly.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Collector of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Local Militia so ordered out, the Sum of One Guinea for the Use of every private Local Militia Man belonging to his Company5 and the said Collector shall also

A.D. 1812.

a

401

52 GEO. III.

jaj to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company at for each Recruit, a&rtsaid, the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit at early at mayearly " ra*y be after such Recruit shall have joined hit Company, while oOt in !*.* h*h" adotl Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by the said Col- for hb lector shall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Money so re- Advantage, ceired fey any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out by him, agreeably to the Orders which he may receive from the Colonel or other Commandant, in the manner such Colonel or other Commandant shall think most advantageous for the respedire Local Militia Men 5 and such Captain or Commanding Captains to c- Oficer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month J011"1 w, th Me, > next eefning that in which he shall have received such One Guinea for Cunc* a aforesaid, account to such Local Milkia Man how the said Sum of One Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the tine of settling such Account, pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the (hid Local Militia Man.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regi- When Regiment stmt, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be embodied, and out of County, t aWeat from the County, Stewartry or Place to Which it belongs, the !Wen. Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local h; ST* Milkk, shall apply to every Man whole time shall be within Four Months of er-Mootba of expiring, and who in his Judgment, and after an Exami- piring, and who mdkn by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shallre willing to e be fit to serve os a Local Militia Mart, and inquire if he is willing c?utinue > Ser-tocosbnue in the Service for such Term as any Man who should be then baBotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price or at certain period* Sen, not in any case exceeding Two Guineas, he will so continue \ be transmitted and such Commanding Officer, shall on the First Day of the Months by Commanding of January, March, May, July, September and November respectively, Flerk

or as soon after a conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of Meeting*! the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Place to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, belongs, a List of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia as he shall find willing to continue in the Service, on such Terms as aforesaid, and which Lift shall be signed by every such Local Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall he made in the Form in the Schedule marked (F.); and that the signing of the said Lift shall be Sgnirtg Lift binding upon the Persons signing the same, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regi- When Regiment neat, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be aftetobied for ?f Ifcal MilitU the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise, the Commanding Offi- xra^so Com-cer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall apply to every Man minding Officer femsg in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whole time will ex- fall make out pire in the Course of the ensuing Year, who may be of the Height Lift of Men vhs specified in this Act, and between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, are w,!l| id who in his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Surgeon ^!^ue* of the Regiment, mall be fit to serve as a Local Militia Man, and V1CW* who shall not have more than Two Children under Fourteen Years, and esquire if he is willing to continue his Service for such Term, os my Man who (houki be then ballotted to serve would be subject to* aid for what Price or Sum, not in any case exceeding Two Cabas, he will so continue; and such Commanding Officer shall, as

soon

4c*

C. 68.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, a List of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; which Lift shall be signed by every such Local Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the Form in the Schedule marked (F.); and the signing of such Lift shall be binding on the Persons signing the same, to all Intents and Purposet whatever.

Clerk of General

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the

Meetings shall General Meetings of every County, Stewartry or Place aforesaid, NjClerk ag soon after t^e Receipt of such Notices as the same can be Extract^t^Re- done, transmit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meeting*, turns, and De- for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants acting in such Subdivio^ putyLieutenants correct Extrads of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract mayeaufeMen the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which Umu "to* be en" Clerk, to whom any such Extract is sent, shall belong; and there-

rdUed'as Volun- uPnn ca^e the Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied, teers, and re- it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, if they shall think fit,

quire Parish to cause the Men willing to continue to serve as aforesaid, to be es

Officers to remit rolled as Volunteers for the particular and respective Parishes or Pisces mailer*6*to ^or ^ey have ^>een originally enrolled to serve, and a

ma er' every such case to direct and require the Heritors of such Parish of

Place, to pay such Bounty or Bounties to be given to such Men so engaged, immediately upon their Enrolment; and in case such Regiment, Battalion or Corps should then be embodied, then to cade such Men to be enrolled as Volunteers in such Manner as aforesaid, and to order and direct the Heritors as aforesaid to remit such Bounty or Bounties to be given to such Men to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which such Men shall be then serving, who shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively for the same; and it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of fuel Parish to make an Assessment for the Amount of all such Soros so paid or remitted for Bounties, in the manner in which an Assessment is herein directed to be made by such Heritors for Bounties to Volunteers, provided and produced to Deputy Lieutenants by Heritor* of Parishes or Places.

Allowance to CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall Men whose have been enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, and whose Term of Term of Service Service shall be prolonged in the manner herein directed beyond the is prolonged. Term of Four Years, shall be entitled to the same Allowance for Necessaries, and all other Allowances which are by this Act directed to be allowed during the First Year of their Service to Persons inrolled in the Local Militia, and shall in like manner be entitled to such Allowances, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so enrolled to serve in the Local Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid. If any Man en- CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person fworo idled shall not enrolled in the said Local Militia, (not labouring under any

thetnor any^ Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man) shall Serjeant, tee, not with due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of shalldefartor Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which he shall be absent himfetf* so sworn and enrolled, (in case such Regimept, Battalion or Company Proceedings. Ilsall then be embodied) according to such Order as shall be gives him in that respect by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or asy of them, or by any Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps,

or

A.D. 1812.

53 GEO. III. C. 68.

<Jr by any other Person authorised to give such Order; or if any Person serving in any embodied Local Militia, or any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall desert or absent himself from his Duty; trery such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Local Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and pumshed, according to the mviibns of any Act which fcnfl be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the same, and may by a General Court Martial be adjudged to further Service in the Local or Regular Militia for some Period to be limited, or 16 Service in His Majesty's other Foroes, without Limitation as the Period or Place of such Service, according as the Court Mar-id before whom he shall be tried, shall think nt to direct.; and in the said Court shall adjudge such Local Militia Man to serve HHb Majesty's other Foroes, and such Sentence shall be approved His Majesty, it shall be lawful by Order under the Hand of Jp Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to cause, such Man, if found T-for general Service, on Examination by a Surgeon of His Mar's other Foroes, to be entered as a private Soldier, to serve iii 5 Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's other Forces as shall directed in such Order, and to be forthwith conveyed either to f Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which he shall so entered, or to such other Place as shall be directed in such CMct; and shall, from the time of his being delivered over to be so eciweyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the like Penalties .fifuni(hments contained in any Act then in force for punishing Jfttay and Desertion, as if he had Been originally enlisted for genial Service, or for the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be fc ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

CXXXVII. And whereas it may be expedient that only such a Proposition of the Local Militia, and in such of the Counties, Stew-artnes and Places as shall be specified in any Order of His Majesty, ftould be drawn out and embodied in the first Instance, and that the Appointment of the private Meri necessary to constitute such Proposition, should be made or decided by Ballot or otherwise as is herein after mentioned in each Subdivision or District, without assembling them previously out of the Subdivision or District to which they belong; Be it therefore enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry or Place, or fin case of Vacancy or in the Ab-fcnceof the Lieutenant from his County, Stewartry or Place) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order of His Majesty for the Purpose of embodying the said Local Militia, or such Part or Proposition thereof as His Majesty shall have judged necessary aBd ordered to be embodied, shall have been directed, shall, as soon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently may be, issue his or their Order to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Stewartry or Place, to prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing the Names of all Persons enrolled to serve in the hid Local Mil litia by virtue of this Act, within each Subdivision respectively, and arranged according to their Classes as hereinbefore mentioned, before a Day to be specified in the said Order of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and which Day shall not he later than Three Days after the Date of such Order; and the hid Clerks shall, within the time fixed by such Order, prepare J2 Gse. III. D d And

If His Majesty shall i>rder Local Militia, or Proposition thereof, to be embodied,

County Lieutenant, kc. fl.all issue his Order uj Clerks of Sub-, dviftom, to mak# ut Lifts of Persons enrolled. Duplicate Copy made for Deputy Lieute-, nants, and another transmitted to Clerk of General Meet-ingi*

44

C. 68.

A.D. 1812.

also issue Orders for assembling Men within their respective Subdivisions, and in such Propositions as lh<iU appear most expedient; and Constables shall cause a written Notice to be given Men to attend, and Notices of Time and Place advertised and affixed opots Church Doors,

Men not appearing, or not abiding Orders of Deploy Lieutenants,

Penalty,

County Lieutenant, &c. toap. pnint First Si: b-division Meeting fer bafTotiing,

5* GEO. III.

and make out such Lifts accordingly, and also Two Duplicates thereof, One of which Duplicates shall be for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the Lieutenant of the Countj, Stewartry or Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants who shall hare iffiM such Order as aforesaid.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lin* \ nant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid to whom HU Maiet/s Order shall be directed, shall at the time of issuing his or their Oroer hereinbefore mentioned, direct the Clerk of the General MeetUp to advertise the Place and Time of assembling the Local Militia in the County or Stewartry Paper, or if any County or Stewartry ftfll. have no Paper, then in some Newspaper published in the City Edinburgh, and also issue his or their Order for assembling all tkft Men of the said Local Militia within their respective Subdivisioos, m. at such Place or Places within their respective Counties, Stewartxvt or Places, and in such Propositions as to the said Lieutenant or puty Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall appear most expedient, on tfe Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order, to the Cota (tables, Schoolma&ers or other Officers of the several Parishcsdt Places within the said Counties and Stewartries respectively; af such Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers, are hereby requinf upon Receipt thereof forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to b| given to the several Men of the said Local Militia, or left at usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes or Places, tn attend within their respective Subdivisions or Districts, at the and Place mentioned in such Order, and shall also cause such Nog tine as aforesaid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches so Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes or Places, or (if aijJ Place shall have uo Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on dag Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parirn or Place thereunto' adjoining, which Notice so advertised or affixed as aforesaid, flat be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of writte* Notices in manner herein directed; and all such Local Militia Mai shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

CXXXLX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of tk said Loeid Militia not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to ferre as a Local Militia Man, shall not appear in purfuaoceof such Order, or, appearing, shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken previously to the Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and ibaD be deemed and taken to be a Person liable to be embodied within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to serve according to the Directions herein contained, over and above the Number to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid of every County, Stewartry or Place, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint the First Meeting to be holden by the several Deputy Lieutenants of the same County, Stewartry

A.D. 1812.4 GEO. III. C.

vttj or Place within their respective Subdivision*, or at such other Place or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on the Day Bcntwned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the hid Local Militia, in order to their being chosen or ballotted to serve according to the Directiont of this Act, and shall also appoint the Time and Place of assembling such of the said Men as shall be so chosen or ballotted within their respective Counties, Stewartries or Places, in order to their being embodied; of which several Appointments the respective Deputy Lieutenants shall have Notice; and all the Men enrolled on the Lift of every such Subdivision or District, and appearing in pursuance of such Order on the Day so to be appointed, shall be then mustered by the said Deputy Lieutenants, and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall at such Meeting proceed in die manner by this Act directed, to cause a Number of the Men so Spearing to be chosen or ballotted for, according to the Directions ef this Act, equal to such Proposition of the complete Number that fadbeen or ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, on the Lift such Subdivision or District, as shall or may be specified in His Ifcjeihr's Order for drawing out and embodying any rart or Propor-#n of the Local Militia as aforesaid, and to cause the Nanjes of all Ik Persons chosen and ballotted to be marked on the Lift of such fibdirifion or District; and when the Choice and Ballot shall be Aseloded, the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Lift of such schdivision or District to be publicly calied; and as the 'Name of tsd Person contained therein shall be read, shall then and there Mat whether such Person is or is not (as the case may be) chosen Hotted out of such Lift in the manner hereinbefore provided; M the Names of all the Persons so chosen and ballotted shall be turned to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which such Persons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who M hate given such Order as aforesaid 5 and the Persons so chosen mi ballotted shall be embodied to serve according to the true Intent of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall openly declare to the Men, who have been (o cnofen or ballotted, the Time and Place of their assembling, in order to their being embodied 5 and all nd efeiy such Persons or Person who shall have been declared to be (b chosen or ballotted, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and Hull duly attend at the Time and Place (o to be appointed and de-darfd, is order to their or his being embodied accordingly; and all nd every such Person9 or Person as shall be so declared not to have been so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from fntber Attendance in pursuance of such Order as aforesaid.

CXLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, in their several Subdivision Meetings, and before they proceed to choose or bailot, as hereinbefore directed, to revise and correct the Names of the Men contained in such Class or Classes, according to the several Changes or Alterations that may have taken place since the last Revisal or Correction thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proposition only of the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions (half, before they proceed to choose or ballot for the private Men who ait to form such Part or D d 2 Propor-

405

and Time and Place for assembling Men chosen, of which Deputy Lieutenant shall give Notice, and shall cause a Proposition of Men to be ballotted for, and their Names marked on Lift which is to be called over, and Names of Persons chosen returned to County Lieutenant, &c* and Time and Place of being embodied declared, and Men not chosen discharged from further Attendance.

Deputy Lieutenants may correct Gaffes.

When His Majesty shall order only Part of any Militia to be embodied, Deputy Lieutenants shall ex*.

40 5

C. 6S.

A.D. tEit-

52 GEO. III.

mine Classes, and if Number required shall equal First, or First and Second, or succeeding, Cl-fles in their Order, the Men Coritair.edtherein ftnil be chosen^;boHt Bailot; hi': it lets than Fir, I Clais, the Number shall be ballotted so'i thereout, and if more than that and any futcceding Cl.es in Order, f. ch ClalTes shall he first choten, and Remainder ballotted h r out of next Cl is to the lad wholly Ukcn, Jtc.

If any Person enrolled in any Siftcliviflon of County, Local Militia whereof shall be ordered to be embodied, shall defer t,

See. and shall not be taken within Three Months, Vacancy filled up by frelli Ballot.

Any Person enrolled and not chosen, not having a Child under 14, may be accepted as a Volunteer.

Proposition, examine the Classes of the Descriptions hereinbefore mentioned, entered according to the Provisions of this Act, and in every case in which the Part or Proposition of the Militia required t bt called out in such Subdivision shall equal the Number of Men tained in such First, or First and Second or other succeeding ClsAfr*in their Order, then and in such case the Men contained in such CSM or Classes, as the case may be, shall be forthwith chosen without JflM Bailot; and when the Proposition of Men so required asforeM(i shall be less than the Number of Men contained in such First then such Proposition shall be ballotted for out of such Class only, no other; and when the Proposition so required as aforesaid (haQ ceed the Number of Men contained in the First, or First and any fafr ceeding Class or Classes in the Order in which they shall so stanftl' aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants shall first choose all the Ml such First Class, or First and next succeeding Class or Classes, 0 such Proposition shall be as near as may be completed, and fhaB proceed to ballot in manner directed by this Act for the Retm of the Proposition so required as aforesaid, out of the Class ii diately following the last Class that shall have been wholly til towards making up such Proposition as aforesaid; and the Depl Lieutenants shall proceed in like manner for supplying of any ford Part or Proposition of Local Militia, in case any further Part fbo be afterwards ordered by His Majesty to be embodied, and (fa during the whole of the time that a Part or Proposition only of t Local Militia shall remain embodied, supply all Vacancies, as ti shall arise, in such Part or Proposition, out of the Claftes stand in Succcilion, and shall in no case proceed to ballot for thefi plying of any Vacancy out of any Class, until all the Men contak in the preceding Clais or Classes, who shall be able and fit to joiofifl Local Militia, shall have been chosen for that Purpose.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the L Militia, or any Part or Proposition of the Local Militia of any Com Stewartry or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out embodied in pursuance of this Act, in case any of the Persons rolled in any Subdivision of such County, Stewartry or Place, t Local Militia whereof shall be so ordered to be drawn out and d bodied as afoasaid, shall make Default either by not appearing pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Defcttton or AbftM From Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space! Three Mouths from the time of such Default, then a Vacancy flu be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their First Meeting tow holden for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Detain was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such DefauhJ Desertion or Absence, under the Hands of the Officer commaikliaf the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Person belonged^ and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by*! freftr Ballot within the Subdivision aforesaid. 1

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolieft by virtue of this Act, and not chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, \rhm shall not have any Child or Children living under the Age of Four*l teen Years, shall offer iiimfelf as a Volunteer, to be drawn out and em* bodied in the Room of any Person so chosen or ballotted, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting, to accept such Volunteer in the Ropmof such Person so chosen or ballotted as afora S _ said*

AJIiSn.

52 GEO. III. C. 68.

407

U4 wd such PerfoB Go accepted shall serve as if he had himself been to ckoka or ballotted in manner aforesaid.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said M* n attending Local Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken at Ballot and baekbefcre directed, and who Hull not be chosen or ballotted as *t being chosen, atswW, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of One ' owance, c. Shilling per Diem, during the time he shall be necessarily employed fan Hone, in going to and continuing at, and returning from the Pfcce to be appointed for such Bailot, not to exceed Three Days, to by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which salt Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Number of fan fb paid, under the Hand* of such Deputy Lieutenants and fahew of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant fall there attend, then of any One such Justice of the Peace as afore-fakthe Collector of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall re-UpHe to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any Monies in his fasds of any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks Clerks may draw it the Subdivision. or other Meetings shall be and they are hereby au- "Pon Collector, fttrited and empowered to draw on the Collector of the Land Tax x^e^u^Lieute-fatbe County, Stewartry or Place, for such Sum ofr Sums of Money na^&c. for il such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, Money to pay % where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as one Justice of Allowance!.

Peace stall^ by any Order, under their or his respective Hands or Bmi, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be Jtofad by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances herein-litre directed to be made; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, to-Ijther with such Order, shall be to the said Collector of the Land Tittasufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of fawsy, and be allowed iu his Account.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Clerks when fabdflrifion or other Meeting shall, when required by such Deputy required, Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieu- !^ak* ttaant shall attend* then by One Jullioe of the Peace, make out an received and"'* Aooooant of the respective Sums of< Money by Him received and paid, paid, to be ex-9 ptufiignec of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed and amined and Sgped; and the Account so examined, allowed and signed, shall belkwed. mi i hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of fob Glcrk for the Application and Dispofxl of such Money.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con- His Majesty may tfoed shall be construed to debar His Majesty from ordering the order Remainder Remainder of the said Local Militia, or so many of the Remainder Local Militia of the said Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, as His to eem le MfieAy shall in his Wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied whenever the Occasion shall require, according to the Pro-^vifious prescribed by this Act.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty County Lieute-shall think fit to draw out and embody any further Proposition of nan*.&c-to the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, it shall be Ru, s

lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry or Place, or ^cSyfng First Three or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is proposition, and are hereby respectively required to cause such further Proposition to be drawn out and embodied as His Majesty shall order; and in fb doing such Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively,

While any Part of Local Militia shall continue embodied, His Majesty may order any, not e mbodied, to be drawn out to be muttered, &c.

When the whole Local Militia of County, &c. is ordered to be embodied, all Officers, &c. shall join; and when Part, such Proposition of thems His Majesty shall direct.

His Majesty may disembody Lot al Militia and embody them, &c.

I^ocal Militia when disem-hodied subject to same Orders only as Ik-fore being drawn out.

C. 68.

ja GEO. III.

A.D. 181*.

and also all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officer* aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions heron-before prescribed for drawing out and embodying the First Proposition thereof.

CL. And be it further enacted, That, if during such time as any Part of the Local Militia which shall have been drawn out and embodied for Service, shall continue embodied, His Majesty shall deem it expedient that the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, or any Part thereof, which shall not at such time be actually embodied for Service, should be drawn out in order to be muttered, trained and exercised, for a limited time, inilead of being so embodied for Service, according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any of the said Counties, Stewartries or Flues, to cause the said Local Militia not actually embodied, or any Pat thereof, to be drawn out, in order to be mustered, trained and exer* cifed, in such Proposition, anf^for such time, and at such Place or Places, as shall be appointed, with the Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, in manner as is beitis-before directed for training and exercising the disembodied Local Militia; and the same Audi be mustered, trained and exerdM accordingly.

CLl. And be it further enacted, That, whenever the Whole of the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, is ordered to be embodied, all the Officers, Non Comraifnoned Officers and Dnu* roers of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall immediately join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they respectively belong, at the? Time and Place appointed for the embodying such Local Militia\ and whenever the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Pla* is called out and embodied by Detachments or Divisions, under tBy Order of His Majesty for that Purpose, pursuant to the Provisio* of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct tbs Proposition and Description of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers, who shall accompany such Detachments or Dmfioas of Men, and the respective Establishments of such Detachments or Divisions, and also to regulate the Numbers and Duties of all such Officers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, as shall remain witha any such County, Stewartry or Place, for the muttering, training and exercising of the Remainder of the private Local Militia Mea thereof, as the Service may require, and to His Majesty may fB most fit and convenient.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, as he shall think fit, to disembody any Part or Proposition of any Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, embodied under this Act, and from time to time spin to draw out and embody any such Local Militia so disembodied as aforesaid, or any Proposition thereof, as to His Majesty shall fecro necessary, according to the Rules and Provisions of this Act.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Milrtb, or any Part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and prifawMea,

-'1*M

C. 68.

52 GEO. III.

409

flail be subject to the lame Orders, Directions and Engagements only, at they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

CLIV. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all cases of In case of actual Invasion, or of imminent Danger thereof, and in case of Re- In*Con> hellion. His Majesty should be empowered to increase, without Delay, the Number of Local Militia Foroes, for the more effectual Protection tarnation r|n-and Defence of this Realm; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be crease Local lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to M litia, not ex-Parlament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in ceding Six Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then imnjor in being) to order and direct, by His Royal Proclamation, MilitbLand tint m Addition to the Number of Men required by or under the County lieute-iartgoin^ Provisions of this Act, to be raised by the several Counties, nantt, &c. shall ftfwartnes and Places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith apportion Num-n&d and enroUed in the said several Counties, Stewartriea and Places,

Mj Number of Men as will, in Addition to and together with and Men, at facti"

Winding the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in such time as shall be

County, Stewartry or Place, or Part of such County, Stewartry specified in Pro-

sr Place, together with the Local Militia raised for such County, clamation.

Stewartij or Place, under the Provisions of this Act, make the whole 42 G*3*c*91

force of such County, Stewartry or Place equal to Six times the

anginal Quota of such County, Stewartry or Place, under an Act

pled in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty: Provided

fays, that such effectice Yeomanry and Volunteers shall be exclusive

rf Supernumeraries serving without Pay above the Establishment of

fecii Corps who shall have been enrolled after the First Day of April

Ose thousand eight hundred and eight $ and the Lieutenants and

Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the said Counties, Stewartries

aid Places shall, immediately on the issuing of any such Proclamation,

alemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men

+required to be raised in their respective Counties, Stewartries and Places, among the several Parishes or Places therein respectively; and shall thereafter proceed to raise and enrol such Men, at such time or times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relative to the Local Militia, shall be applied, practised, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, training and exercising, and for the embodying and calling out into actual Service, such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a manner in every respect 21 for as the same can be applied and put in force, as if the said Num her of Men so added to the Local Militia had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this A1

CLV. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty yicause such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid to be

When such additional Number

ruled and enrolled, or drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Proroga- Majesty (hll tkm as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and i(Tuc ProcUma-Miffue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within tion for M.eting Fourteen Days, and the Parliament fhalT accordingly meet and fit of Parliament, upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and Dd 4 continue

4io

C. 68.

A.D. 1812.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, way reduce and disembody such additional Number of Local Militia; and Privates so disembodied or those enrolled and not embodied, ft)all remain liable to serve for Periods for which en rolied, and shall iu^ply Vacancies;

and no Fallot shall take place while Inch Vacancies can be supplied from them, but they shall not be liable to supply Vacancies for any other Place than that for which originally enroll; d. Counties /c.for each Man deficient at certain Period.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

52 GEO. III.

continue to fit and act in like manner to all Intents and Purposes at if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time (whenever he shall deem it expedient to reduce the Whole or any Part of such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid, by his Royal Proclamation to declare such RS* \ duclion accordingly; and in case such additional Number of Lool j Militia as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be then embodied)^ disembody the same, or any Number of private Local Militia M& equal thereto, without regard to whether Rich Men vhrre raised aif| ! inrolled in pursuance of any Proclamation for raising such additibciL Number of Local Militia as aforesaid, or were enrolled before, jg were serving at the time of the iflu'ing thereof; and the private B|P] litia Men io disembodied as aforesaid, 'or so many of them as 1 have been enrolled and not embodied at the time of issuing fuefi carnation, shall neverthelefo remain liable to serve for the respeq Periods for which they shall have been respectively inroflrd ter fcf and shall, during such Periods, supply all the Vacancies that r arise in the respective Parishes or Places, oi* United PaHfhes pr Pta for which they shall have been so enrolled, whenever called up& to do; and the Deputy Lieutenants o? the respective SubdiVrfiooS' shall, from time to time, cause afiy Man dr Men, as the case be, that may be required for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies in the established Local Militia that may arise for any Parish or or United Parishes or Places in their respectice Subdivisions, toll* taken from their respective Classes as aforesaid, or ballot ted as tile case may require, according to the Provisions in this Act ' contained, relating to the taking Men for the Local Militia from Classes, unfit all the Men so remaining liable, and that shall be fit to serve, ffitS' have supplied such Vacancies: Provided always, that no Ballot fKffl take place for the raising and inrolling any Man to supply toy Vacancy that may arise from any Parish or Place, so long'astro famq. can be supplied from any Men, or by any Man, then enrolled for such Parish or Place that shall remain liable and be fit to ferre: Provided also, that no Man so remaining liable to serve as aforesaid for any Parish or Place shall be called upon or be liable to supply anf Vacancy arising for any other Parish or Place, than that for which he shall be originally enrolled to serve under the Provisions of this Act.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That every County, Stewartry, Place or Parish for which the full Number of Men required by any Order of His Majesty under this Act shall not have been ballottod and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February foe-cecding such Order, if given Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies arising in such Local Militia shall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the same shall have arisen, if the same shall have arisen Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, shall be subje*5t to a Fine of Fifteen- Pounds lor every Man remaining deficient.

CLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which such Fine shall have arisen, and in which focli Deficiency filed] be thereafter supplied, shall be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Two Third Parts of any such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March,

C. 68

52 GEO. III.

4U

and One Third Part of every such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the First Day of April\ after any such Fine shall Have so arisen as a fore fa id.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Constables and other Conflablesto Officers of all Parishes and Places for which any Local Militia Man make Return*, shall be serving shall make diligent Enquiry as to all Men enrolled in ascertain the Local Militia, for the Parishes or Places for which they shall tuppUed!* fefgeftively be Constables or Officers, and shall before the Four- PP

teruth Day of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the SiMviGon within which such Parishes or Places shall be, and also to tie Colonel or otht*r Commandant of any Regiment of Local Mi*

Jftia in which Men shall be serving for such Parishes or Places, a true Account of all Persons serving for such Parish or Place in the Local Militia, specifying such as shall have died or left th-ir Residence, and whether the Perform not then redding in such Parish or Place fiali have wholly left such Parish or Place, or shall dill retain any ftouse, residence or Lodging, in such Parish or Place, and also the Place to which such Persons (h all haye gone as have changed their kvfidences, if the same can be ascertained; and every Conti able or other Officer who shall neglect or refuse to make any such Return, iir Ihafl wilfully make any false Return, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds. Penalty.

ttLX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Com- Commandant!o# mandants of the Regiments of Local Militia in Scotland shall ^within Regiments shall tWtcen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Year, ^nl5niJ.ti>.trinimit to the C!lerk of Supply, to be laid before the Commissioners Cemficates of afonMed at the several Meetings to assess the Land Tax, next after Number of tlieFir& Day of March in each Year, Certificates of the Number of Deficiencies.

Men then remaining deficient in their respective Regiments, distinguishing the Period for which such Deficiencies or vacancies have nulied, by what Cause occasioned, and for what District, Division or Parish.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Commissioner Supply of every such County, Stewartry and Place, assembled at the of Supply upon Meetings fur assessing the Land Tax, to be held next after the Firil Day of March i f each Year, shall upon the Receipt of the aforesaid Aflelf-Certificate of the Commandant, Which Certificate he is hereby re- meat, quired to transmit to the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry or Place, in order to be laid before the said Commissioners of Supply respectively at such Meetings, rate and assess the said Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every such County, Stewartry or Place, in the manner directed by the aforesaid Act passed iii the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 49 G. 3. c.?o. tuled An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into actual Service; and the Clerk of Supply of every such County, Stewartry or Place shall, wiibin Fourteen Days after every such Assessment shall have been made, transmit to the Receiver General of Scotland an Account, specifying the Amount of the Assessment in each Parish, and the Sub-dmfion to which such Parish belongs.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Such AssessT-Supply aforesaid, in making any such Rate and Assessment upon the went# upon Whole of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall apportion the Suras Co"t, M to lo to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess the same upon the parifo^J<^or-

J several

C. 68.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

tiooally to Number of Men it is required to raile.

WTien Deficiency shall arise in any particular Parish or Parities, the Assessment shall be made thereon.

Commissioners of Supply totranl*-mic Amount of Sums assessed to Subdivision Clerk, who shall five Notice to Collector.

Collectors may deduct for Men raised within comm Periods.

Collectors on receiving inch Money fluH

several Parishes in such County, Stewartry or Place, in the lame Propositions in which the Men for the Local Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes respectively, according to such Apportionment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Parish or Place.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Stewartry or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arise from the Default of any particular Parish or Parishes in such County, Stewartry or Place, m not raising the Proposition or respective Propositions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or Parishes, then and in such cases the said Commissioners of Supply, in making such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Parishes that shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proposition to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes shall fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties, Stewartries and Places, where any fuen Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted the several Amounts of the Sums so assessed upon the Teveral Parishes to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision to which such Parishes respectively belong, and also a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary at War; and such Clerks of Subdivision shall, within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, cause Notice thereof to be given to the respective Collectors of the Cess of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, wherein the several Parishes upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be situated; and such Collectors shall proceed to levy the same within Fourteen Days after such Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment.

CLXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Sum shall have l>ecn so assessed upon any Parish or Place for Men certified to be deficient upon the fourteenth Day of February, it shall nevertheless be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Subdivision in which such Parish may be situated, in all cases in which any Man shall have been subsequently enrolled to supply such Deficiency, to certify to the Clerk of such Subdivision the Date of such Enrolments respectively; and if it shall appear from the Certificate that such Men were enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of Aprils it shall be lawful for the Clerk of such Subdivision, and he is hereby required to remit to every such Parish such Two Thirds or One Third Part of such Fiue respectively as is hereinbefore directed to be returned to such Parish for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April respectively; and the Collectors of such Parish are hereby authorised to make a Deduction of Two Thirds or One Third Part of such Fine (as the case may be) from the Amount of the Assessment made Upon such Parish for every Man so certified to have been enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of Abril respectively.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Collectors levying any such Sum or $ums of Money, shall within Ten Days after

C. 68.

413

I12. 520 Geo. in.

e Receipt thereof, remit the Amount thereof to the Receiver I of Scotland, who shall within Ten Days after the Receipt remit the same to the Bank of England, to be placed to the t of the Agent General for the Local Militia; and during iod of Three Months from such First Day of April next ag the making any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of 1 County, Stewarti y or Place, within which such Parish or tall be situate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for such filitta, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so deficient Gaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer for a Bounty ceding the Sum of Two Guineas; and the Deputy Lieu->efore whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, i, (worn and enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, shall trans-rrtificate of such Inrolment to the Agent General, and upon luction to the said Agent General of such a Certificate under acts of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such er having been duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled in the Local Militia, and of a Certificate under the Hands [Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps ia of such County, Stewartry or Place, of such Man having tis Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the said Agent General d be is hereby required under the Direction of the Secretary to pay out of such Money in his Hands as aforesaid, any Money not exceeding the said Sum of Two Guineas for such Volunteers as aforesaid*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Agent General ofe Hands or to whose Account any such Money shall be ill give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons the same, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for yment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in: e of this Act, such Payment shall be a full Discharge and ification to such County, Stewartry or Place, for the Failure ed in raising and training the Number of Men in the Local for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made; Money so paid into the Hands of the said Agent General, i Account at the Bank, shall be applied to the Purposes of al Militia, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament: [VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Jerk of Subdivision to whom any such Money shall be paid jfud, shall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of any in the Pound, upon the whole Sum so by him received d; which Allowance every such Clerk of Subdivision is hereby ted to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received, before Payment made to the Receiver General as aforesaid; Ty Collector, who shall act in the raising and collecting of the ooey, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such Clerk of ifion, as a Recompence for their Trouble thefein, the Sum of 'tuny in the Pound of all such Money, in the raising and ing whereof they shall respectively act as aforesaid; and such of Subdivision is hereby authorised and required to deduct he oit of the Money so received by him as aforesaid, and

remit same to Agent General, who shall pay thereout Bounties to Volunteers.

When Assessment upon any Place is paid to Agent General, it shall be indemnified for not raising its Quota.

Clerks of Subdivision may detain id. per Pound of Money they receive, and shall make a like Allowance to High Constables, Sec. out of such Sums as they shall be concerned in collecting.

44

C. 68.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. Six.

Clerks of Supply to transmit annually Copies of Certificates received from County Lieutenants, and where not delivered, to certify such O million to Secretary at

Commissioners.

to pay the respective Propositions thereof to facb Cofe&oraaforesaid.

CLXIX. And be it further eaiacted, That the Clerk of Supply for every County, Stewartry or Flape, shall and he is hereby required, wit))in Fourteen Days next after the Meeting tQ be hekt far assessing the Land Ta*, yearly, to twsmit to the Secretary at Ww a Copy signed by such Clerk of Supply, of every CectifcaXe which he shall have received fiot# the Commajidanta oi thj? several Jfcegj-ments of Local Militia in fuel* County, Stewartry or Place a* afcne-said; and where fupk Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk q Supply (frail certify such Orniilion to the Secretary a. War, and tocer- War, and that such Clerk of Supply, hath* certified the same to, the tify Omissions of Commissioners of Supply assembled at their Annual Meeting to affirtt a {be Land Ta*, and required fiuph Conanojffionprs of Supply to proceed)

according to the Directiona of this Act, apcj such Clerk of Supply shall also certify what Proceedings, have been had at such Ajumi Meetings, in relation to the assessing and, raising of the Lid Money, where the Lqcal Militia shall not have been raised; and in case such Commissioners of Supply shall omit, npglpft or refuff to.proceed ux raise the said Mpuey, according t, Q the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall and is hereby required \vithin Fourteen Days next after such Annual Mreting, to certify to the Secretary at War such Qrmffipn* Neglect nr Refusal of Inch Comn^fiipners of Supply, and the Namea-of the Commissioners of Supply who shall be present at such Meeting; and the Secretary at War is hereby empowered and required, on Receipt of: such Certificate, forthwith to giye Directions to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotian(/, to proceed by \11 liich legal ways and* means aa shall be moll effectual and expeditious, to compel such Commissioners of Supply tQ pay due Obedience to this Act, and tQ cause the said Money to be raised, collected and paid.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, Thai if the said Sum of Fifteea not raised many Pounds per Man, to be raised andjp^id ift any such County, Stewartry*nt^Jene or ^ace 38 aforesaid, shall not he levied, collected apd paid into the xal, the"Solicitor Hands of the Agent General, or to hi^ Accost at the bank, in for Taxes in manner hercinbelore directed, tfre SofrcitQi for Tax* ift ScotUaJ is hereby required forthwith, upon Knovylfdgp or Information thereof, to proceed, by all such legal ways apd mean$ as- shall be. nao^ effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of such Money and the Payment thereof into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, as aforesaid*

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if, aj*y, Clerk of Supply shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, dsliver, preserve. make, re. cord or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, or M?y Account of Assessments hereby directed to be transmitted to the Receiver General of Scotland, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of Supply so offending shall, foy every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if any Clerk of Subdivision, Collector or other Officer who ought to act and affiil in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit or neglect or refuse to act or therein, according to the* Direction and true Meaning of this Act,

every

If 15I. per Mu

Scotland tu compel its being done.

Neglect of Only in Clerks of Supply, &c.

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1811.

52 GEO. III. C. 68.

4*5

rvery such Clerk of Subdivision so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and Penalty.

every such Coile&or or other Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence# forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the

Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland shall, and he is hereby required, when Solicitor of

directed so to do by the Secretary at War as aforesaid, with all due fecute CommU*

Defence, toprofeente with Effort all such Commissioners of Supply, fioner

Clerks of Subdivision and other Officers, who shall omit, neglect or &c. for Neglect.

refttk to perform the Duty required of them reflectively by this

Ad, touching the raising, collecting and paying of the said Money 5

and in case the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland shall wilfully omit of

delay to proceed against any such Commissioners of Supply, Clerk.9

uf Subdivision or other Officers aforesaid, he shall, for every such

Oflroce, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivi- Subdivision Son Meetings shall, if required so to do by the Deputy Lieutenants j-lerks to S, v assembled at any General or Subdivision Meeting, give Security by 0A

Bond to His Majesty, whh two sufficient Sureties, in such Sums as the Deputy Lieutenants shall fix, for duly accounting for and remitting all Monies paid into his Hands under the Provisions of this ACE CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Sub- Account kept Ny division Meetings shall keep an Account, in the Form to this Act C1rerk annexed, marked (I.) or in such other Form'as may from time to V 10, 1 Ce* time be dine&ed for that Purpose by the Secretary at War, of all fines, Penalties and Forfeitures from time to time received by him, aadalfo of all Sams allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Stewartries or Parishrs, by reason of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any Fines or Penalties, being remitted under the Provisions of this Art; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices attending at the time of any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture being imposed or remitted, or any Two 01 them, shall and they are hereby required to certify the same to be correct, and the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall verify the same upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is authorised to administer* and shall transmit to the Secretary it War such Account made up to the Twenty fourth Day of Deumber in each Year, or to such other Period as the Secretary at War shall direct.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Cleric of Sub- Account trans-dmiioo Meetings shall and is hereby required within Seven Days after the Twenty fourth Day of March, June, September and Decern- Meetings to" fer, respectively in each Year, or oftener if required, so transmit an Secretary at Account to the Secretary at War for the time being, of all Sums re- War. ceived by him and paid to the Collector of the Eels, verified upon Oath before One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, which Oath any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised to administer and make in the Form in the Schedule to this A St annexed marked-(K.) or such other Form as may from time to time be prescribed iu that Behalf by the Secretary at War.

CLXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Ne?lerting to cases in which it is in this Art directed and required that any Return or Lift should be made, or any Notice given, or any Fine, Penalty, Notices* jfcc. Forfeiture or other Money remitted by any Clerk of Supply, or by any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings* or by any Collector or by any Colonel Commandant or other Officer of Local Militia, eve

fu

C. 6t.

5a9 Geo. nr.

A.D. 1812.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Commissions not to vacate Seat* in Parliament.

Voter* going to Lied ions of Member*.

Non-Commissioned Officers, Xcc. not liable to Cerve as Peace Officer*.

Married Local Militia Men may set up in any Place in G B. as Soldiers may under 24 G. 3. Self. 2. c. 6.

No Stamp Duty on Commissions.

Bills for Pay and Allowance lec. drawn on untapped Paper.

How Penalties recovered and applied.

such Clerk of Supply or other Person as aforesaid, who shall omit, neglect cr refuse, or wilfully delay making any such Return or Lift, or giving any such Notice, or remitting any such Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or other Money as aforesaid, in the manner directed by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed ta extend to any case in which any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may ah ready be imposed for any such Offence by the Provisiona of this Act.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Local Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Local Militia, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on Account of his Absence during the time he shall be going to vote at any Cledion of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the time he shall be re* turning from such Election.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Local Militia, or any private Man, from the time of his Enrolment until he shall he regularly discharged from the Local Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer.

CLXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in the Local Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exerdfe any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the same Provision6, and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the Two Universities in England, as any Manner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia or any Corfs of Fencible Men, since the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to* exerdfe Trades; and no such Local Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Commission granted

before the passing of this Act, or which shall be granted after the - ' to any Officer in the Local Militia, shall be sub-

passing of this Act, to any jed to any Stamp Duty.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, and also all Bills, Drafts and Orders, by which any Sums of Money or Fines are remitted to the Bank of England, or the Agent General, or any Person or Persons authorised by the Secretary at War to receive Money on Account' of the Local Militia, may and shall be drawn upon undamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of not being so drawn or written on damped Paper; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwith-ft an ding.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, unlefg hereinbefore otherwise directed, bs

recovered

A.D. 1812.

C. 68.

417

sv Geo. in.

recovered by Action of Debt in the Court of Session in Scotland; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty rounds, shall, unlefa hereinbefore otherwise directed, on Proof of the Offence either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Diurefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Effects, by Warrant under the Hand of such Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Dif-trefi and Sale, to the Person, whose Goods and Effects shall have been so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Did refs such Sheriff, Stewart or Justice is hereby required, in all cases where no auricular Time of Commitment is hereinbefore directed, to commit nch Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry or shee where the Offence shall have been committed, for any time nt exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such foes, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not stherwife particularly directed by this Act, shall be remitted to the Agent General for Local Militia, or to the Bank of England, to be paced to his Account, and to be by him applied and accounted for, ib the manner hereinbefore directed, with respect to Fines assessed upon the Parishes for Deficiencies.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That m all cases in which it is by this Act directed that any Fine, Penalty or For-fiature shall be imposed by this Act, it shall be lawful for any One or more Deputy Lieutenants, Justices or Magistrates by whom any fcch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been imposed, for any Offence committea against this Act, and he or they is or are hereby faded and required within Ten Days after such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been imposed, to transmit to the Secretary at War a Certificate of the Amount of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in the Form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.) and a Duplicate of every such Certificate shall at the same time bt transmitted to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Negfeft or Refufol, to be allowed of by the Judges or Justices before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Fonn following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effqft, xutatu mutandis; that is to say,

UE it remembered, That on the J)ay of

in the Year of Our Lord

4 io

DidreGk

Imprisonment.

Certificate of Amount of certain Penalties transmitted to Secretary at War.

Witnesses not

attending.

Penalty*

Conviction

Form.

4'?

C. 68.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

No Order removed or super-feded by Advocation.

Limitatien of Adiious.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Perjury.

Ad altered, &c.

in the Coitnty of 'A. B of

was convicted before me C.D. Sheriff [or, Sheriff

4 Depute, or Substitute, or before us, C.D. and E. F. Two of rf#

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near

the Place where the Offence was committed, its (he case may

4 For that the said A.B. on the Day of

now last past, did, contrary to the Fomf of the Statute in that afe made and provided [herefiate the Offence tigatrifl the Act]

And I or we do declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath for-

feited the Sum of /

CLX&XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Con-fiction made by ahv Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry Or Place, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One t)e. ptfty Lieutenant together with any One Justice of the P*ace, or bj any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, (halite removed by Advocation or Suspension out of the Bounty, Stewartry or Place wherein fvrch Order or Conviction shall haVc been made, irito any Court whatsoever; and that ho Bill of AcNocfatfon or Suspension shall ftiperfede Execution or other Proceedings uOotl any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this1 Act; f>W that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and xftade there* upon; any such Bill or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance o! this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fad committed and not afterwards 5 and the Defender or Defenders in every such Action or Suit may plead generally, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in any such Action or Suit; and if the Defender or Defenders shall be afToilzied, or if the Pursuer or Purfuern shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defender or Defenders shall have appeared, or if, upon Objection to the Relevancy, Judgment shall be given against the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs or Expenses, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defender or Defenders hath in other cases to recover Costs or Expenfcs by Law.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Perfos taking a false Oath in any case when an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, be liable to such Pains and penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury are subject and liable to.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act maybe altered j amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in thit present Session of Parliament

[Sr* as to England, an/ef c. 38.3

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

j Clerk of the Peace for the County of

do hereby certify. That the Officers below speci-

fied, fervfog in the Jhttalion of Local

Militia

A.D. 1812.

C. 58.

4l9

52 GEO. III.

Militia, have left with me their Qualifications as directed in the Ninth Section of the Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia. 1

Colonel*

Lieutenant Colonel.

Major*

Captains*

Lieutenants.

Ensigns*

Schedule (B.)

FORM OF OATH.

T do make Oath, That I am by my

1 Trade a and have been usually resident in the

Parish of in the County of that

I am unmarried [or, have a Wife living, at the case may be]; and that I have no Children, [or, not more than Two Children born in Wedlock]; and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways disabled by Lameness or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; and that 1 am not a Seaman or Seafaring Man. As witness my Hand at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and Witness present.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the Day of

Parishes. NAMES OF MliN. Date.of Inrolment. Age. CLASSES.

Ballotted. Volunteers. Ift. ad. 3d. Lift.

A.B. S. Jones. Tho. Gmy. June ift. Jd. 22 26 H X

Totals.

Signed A.B. Clerk to Subdivision Meeting.

52 Geo. III. E e SCHEDULE

420

C. 68.

52 GEO. III.-

A.D. 1812.

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN of the Local Militia of the County of Company in the dated the of the Day of

Pariflu Names of Men Serving. Age. CLASSES.

Ballotted. Volunteer III. 2d. 3* Lift.

B. S. Jones.  3* X

C.  T. Gray. 24 X

Totals.

Signed A.B. Captain of Company.

SCHEDULE (E.)

RETURN of Private Local Militia Men serving for the County of Dated the Day of

Description of Men. No. of each. Years of Service unexpired. No. in each Chfs.

1. a. 3* 4. I. 2. 3* Lait

Ballotted Volunteers

Totals,

A.B. Clerk to General Meetings.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 6S.

42c

SCHEDULE (F.)

i

Dated the Day of

Name of the County. Names of the Men. Of the 1 Parish of j Time of Service expires on Sum for which they are filing to serve. Signature of Consent.

4.B, C.D. p. Q- A.B. C.D.

SCHEDULE (G.)

'pHIS is to certify, That I [or, we, as the case may be-\ A.B. One [or more] of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace [or, Deputy Lieutenants, as the case may be-\ did, on the Day of last past, levy upon C.D.

the Sum of Pounds, being the Amount of Fine imposed \here specify

the Offence] under the Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of Scotland. Dated this Day of

(Signed) A.B. Justice.

SCHEDULE (H.)

LIST of FINES imposed on Persons ballotted, and not appearing, pursuant to an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled \insert the Title of this A

County. Subdirifion. Parish. Persons fined. Amount of Fines.

i

Ee t

SCHEDULE

422

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

C. 6t.

SCHEDULE (I.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES imposed and remitted by the LIEUTENANCY.

Date when Imposed. Name of Person. Penalty of 30. for Persons worth more than ioa per Annum. Penalty of ae. for Persont worth more than ixx per Ann. and not exceeding aoa Penalty of 10. for Perfcm* worth left than 100. per Ann. Remittance of Fines &c. allowed by the Lieutenancy. Net Sum imposed. Remarks.

Deficiency in the Subdivision of in the County of as per Return

herewith annexed, signed by the Commandant, dated the being

Men at per Man paid to the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings

for on the

We do certify, the above Account is truly and judly dated to the bed of our Knowledge and Belief.

- Deputy Lieutenant.

- Magistrate.

SCHEDULE (K.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the CLERK of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

Date when received. Name of Person fined. Penalty of  jo. for Persont worth more than 200. per Annum. Penalty of ao.for Persons worth more than 100. and not exceeding 100. Penalty of 10. for Persons worth less than 100. per Annum. Amount of each Penalty. Date when paid to the Collector of the Cess. Amount of each Payment.

By Pay-" roent to the Collector of Cess.

Sworn before me Day of 181

- Deputy Lieutenant

or Justice.

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the above is a jm and true Account of all Sums received by me is Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings of the County of between the

and the Day of

to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief.

- Signature.

Clerk of the Subdivision of the County of

Day of

A.D. 1812.

j2 GEO. III.

423

C. 6y.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing \rertain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.

[20th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fifth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting 45 0.3. c. 18. onto His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-find eight hundred andfix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, ntituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty, until the Twenty 46 G. 3. c. 6a, ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred andfix, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron9 Sugar and Tea9 into and from Ireland: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repeal Part 47 G. 3* Sett r. of the Duties on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco in Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh i7x&'3'

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His MajeJljy until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from Ireland: And whereas another Act 47 g. 3. SeC 2, was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's c. 18.

Reign, to provide for the Decrease and Suspension in certain cases of Part of the Countervailing Duty on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland: And whereas such of the said recited Acts ^0 3* as were temporary, have been from time to time continued by feve- SeflT. a.

ral Acts passed in the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His c. x. present Majesty's Reign; and by an Act passed in the Forty eighth 48 G. 3. c. 8a Year of His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were amended and continued, and by an Act made in the Forty ninth 49 G. 3 74

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Acts were further continued; and by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His 50 G. 3. c. 97. present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were continued and further amended: And whereas an Act was made in the last Session 51 G. 3. c. 86. of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland 5 and to grant to His Majesty9until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes into and from Ireland; by which said last mentioned Act the several Acts hereinbefore recited were continued, and are in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve j and it is expedient that all the said recited

E e 3 ' Acts,

424

A.D. 1812.

C. 69. 52 GEO. III.

Duties granted Acts, and also the several Rates and Duties granted and the and allowed by # Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them or any of them should recited Acts, be further continued in manner herein after mentioned May it JulvTiftii therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates and Duties granted and the Drawback* and Bounties allowed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland* upon and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One Exception. thousand eight hundred and thirteen, except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks on the several Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks are by any of the said Acts granted, imposed or allowed, and except such Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations, and on Refined Sugar under the said recited Acts or any of them, as are provided for by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's 47 G. 3. StfT. i. Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the c. 19. Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warcheufed in Ireland, until the 7 'wenly fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Ante, c. 1?. tight} and which said lall recited Act.is by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and that the said recited Acts (except as aforesaid, and except also as they are altered and repealed by each other, or by this Act, or by any other Act), and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts or any of them shall be observed and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the said Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things had been by the said recited Acts or any of them extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made Part of the said recited A ds or any of them, and that the several Articles in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted, or imposed, or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited Acts or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall respectively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and shall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bountes (except as aforesaid) allowed in respect thereof under the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Acts, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Continmnce of

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and con-Act. tinue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer.

Ad altered, &c. ill. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Acts hereby continued, may be altered, amended and repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 70, 71.

425

CAP. LXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

[20th June 1812.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of Woolmer, in the County of Southampton.

[20th June 1812.]

WHEREAS the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right

of His Crown, is seized to Himself, his Heirs and Succef*

fore, of the Ground and Soil of the Forest of Woolmer, in the County of Southampton, computed to contain Five thousand two hundred and seventy fix Acres, or thereabouts, exclusive of certain inclosed Lands therein belonging to His Majesty in Severalty,

subject to such Claims of Rights and Interests of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawest, and other Persons in and over the same, as herein after mentioned: And whereas the said Henry

4 Lord Staruell, under and by virtue of a certain Grant of His late Grant9No*

Majesty King James the First, bearing Date on or about the Ninth 15 Jac. u 4 Day of November in the Fifteenth Year of His Reign, is or claims to be seized of or interested in or entitled to the Right of Free Warren and Free Chase, and other Rights, Liberties and Privi.

leges in, upon and over the said Forest 5 and he the said Henry Lord Staiuell also claims to have and receive, so soon as the same can be made out, a Grant or Letters Patent of and to hold and enjoy the Office of Ranger of and over the said Forest, and, as annexed or appurtenant to the said Office, the Liberty of Hunting. Shooting and Sporting, in and over the same Forest, for and during the Term of his natural Life; and the said Henry Lord Stawell, in respect of his several Manors which adjoin to or are

situate near to the said Forest, likewise is or claims to be entitled to other Rights and Interests in, upon and over the said Forest, or foroe Part or Parts thereof: And whereas, subject to the Rights of His Majesty, certain Persons are or claim to be entitled to certain Rights in, over and upon the said Forest: And whereas from the great and increasing Difficulty of procuring a Supply of Timber from Foreign Countries and from the Estates of private Individuals in the United Kingdom, it ha9 become necessary to adopt Meafares for securing a more adequate Supply of Timber in this Kingdom; and if His Majesty was empowered to enclose certain Parts 1 of the said Forest, and such Parts were appropriated for the Growth and Preservation of Wood and Timber, the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage to His Majesty and the PubliQ 4 in general; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His His Majestrmsy Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from time to time to inclose, fever indae 2, ^0 and improve, within and out of the Waste Lands of the said Forest, Acres of the any Quantity of the said Lands not exceeding in the Whole Two Forest, &c.

426

A.D. 1812.

When Woods ire p.tft Danger from Cault.Su. Indofuies laid pen.

Grants of Inclosure, Trees, See. void.

# Penalty.

C. 71. 52 GEO. III.

thousand Acres, to be inclosed and held in Severalty at one and at the same time; and such inclosure shall be made under and by virtue of Commissions to be granted and issued by His Majesty for that Purpose, and each of such Commissions shall be directed to Three or more such Persons as His Majesty shall think fit; and such Indo {ures shall be set out and made from and out of such Parts or Places in the said Forest as shall be found to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be best adapted to the Growth and Produce of Timber, which said Inclosures shall be admeasured by a fwora Surveyor, and set out and inclosed, butted and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts and Boundaries thereof returned into His Majesty* Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record for ever; and the said Inclosures so made and set out as aforesaid shall remain in Severalty in the actual Possession of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged of and from all manner of Rights, Titles, Pretences and Privileges or Claims whatsoever,) other than and except such as the said Henry Lord Stawell is or may be entitled to as aforesaid) during the Period of the same remaining so inclosed for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, and until the same or any Part thereof shall be laid open under the Provisions of this Act, according to the Purport and true Intent of this Act, and shall be made and reputed a Nursery or Nurseries for Timber only.

II. And be it further enacted, That at all times hereafter, whenever the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall be satisfied and such Lord High Treasurer, or any Thiee or more of the said Commissioners, shall determine that the Woods and Trees that shall be growing within any inclosure to be made under and by virtue of this Act are become past Danger of browsing of Cattle, or other Prejudice, and shall think fit to lay the same or any Part thereof open and in Common, and shall cause the same to be laid open, that then and so often it shall be lawful for* His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from time to time to inclose, in lieu of so much of the inclosure as shall be so laid open, the like Quantity, out of any other Part of the Residue of the said Foreit, to be set out in the same manner as aforesaid, and to be holden, inclosed, freed and discharged of and from all manner of Common and other Rights as aforesaid (other than and except as aforesaid) for so long time as the same shall continue inclosed, according lo the Directions, Purport and Intent of this Act, to be a Nursery (or Timber as aforesaid, instead of so much as shall be laid open according to the Directions aforesaid.

III. And, to the End that the said inclosure may be preserved in the Crown for public Use as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That in case any Person whatever shall presume to take or obtain any Gift, Grant, Estate or interest of or in the said Inclosures, or any Wood or Trees growing thereon, every such Gift, Grant, Estate or interest shall ipso fado be null and void, and the Person so taking the same shall be utterly disabled to have, hold and enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate or interest, and also shall forfeit Treble the Value of any such Gift or Grant to him who shall first sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign or Wager at Law shall be allowed to the Defendant.

IV. Awl

A.D. 1812.

4*7

52 GEO. III. C. 7.

Breaking domi

Inclosures.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, after the passing of this No Deer kept Ad, no Deer whatever shall be kept in any Part of the said Forest, in Forest.

or within the Limits thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Rabbits not of this Act, no Rabbits shall be kept on any Part of the said r oreft, kept-

on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

VI. And, for the better Preservation of the Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Heritors and Standils growing, and which may hereafter be planted and nourished to grow or be growing in or upon any Parts of the said Inclosures so to be made in pursuance of this Act, as well before as after the same shall be inclosed, be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever who shall, from and after the Damaging Tress passing of this Act, unlawfully cut down, split, bark, peel, damage, ln Forest* deface or destroy or carry away any Timber Tree, or other Tree,

Wood or Covert, Green Stick, or any Heritor or Standil within the hid Forest, (except such as shall be let out by Persons duly authored for the Purpose of making the Fences of such Inclosures as aforesaid) shall be subject or liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Penakki. Ptmishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to be given, iroposed or inflicted, upon any Person or Persons committing the like Offence or Offences, in the Lands, Grounds,

Woods or Coppices, being inclosed, and the private Property of any of His Majesty's Subieda.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully destroy or take away or shall break down any Fence or Inclosure or any Part thereof made for the Protection of any Nursery

of Wood and Timber as aforesaid, shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Second Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Third Offence shall be accounted guilty of Felony, and may be transported to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be subject to such other Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as the Court before which such Person shall be convicted may direct; and such Penalties shall and may be recovered, and on Non payment thereof, the Person who (halt forfeit the same may be committed to Prison in the manner and for the lame Periods as are specified in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better 6 G.3-c*4&* Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs and Plants, in relation to the Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds respectively for wilfully cutting or breaking down any Timber under the said Act.

VIII. And, for the Purpose of regulating and Securing to the Regulating friend Persons now having Right of Common of Pasture in and over cutting of Turfc the said Forest, the Power of cutting Peat and Turf within such

Parts of the said Forest as shall not be inclosed by virtue of this Act, be it enacted, That after the said lr.closure shall be made and completed it shall be lawful for all Persons having Right of Common in the said Forest to cut and take Peat and Turves in any Part of the said Forest not inclosed under this Act, without Payment of any Fee or Sum of Money to any Keeper or other Person having Care or Superintendance in the said Forest, for taking the same; and no Person shall after the said inclosure shall have been made and completed take, demand or receive any Sum of Money or Fee or other nywat whatever, of or from any fedbn cutting or taking such '

A.D. 1812.

428 C. 71, 72. 52 GEO. III.

Peat or Turves, on any Pretence whatsoever; any Usage or Custom heretofore made or established to the contrary not with Randing.

General Saving. JX. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the said Henry Lord Stavuell, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Hen* Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be bared, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them now have or hath, or could have had or enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been made.

CAP. LXXII.

Cram9N#v.5 Jc.i.

An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of Alice Holty in the County of Southampton.

[20th June 1812.]

WHEREAS the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Righ

of his Crown, is seised to Himself, his Heirs and Successon'

of the Ground and Soil of the Forest of Alice Holt, in the County of Southampton, computed to contain about Two thousand four hundred and twenty seven Acres, exclusive of certain inclosed Lands therein belonging to His Majesty in Severalty, subject to foefc

Claims of Rights and Interests of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawel/f and other Persons, in and over the same as hemn-

after mentioned: And whereas the said Henry Lord Statvell, under and by virtue of a certain Grant of His late Majesty King James the First, bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of Navem&er,

in the Fifteenth Year of His Reign, is or claims to be seised of or

interested in and entitled to the Right of Free Warren and Free Chase, and other Rights, Liberties and Privileges, in, over and

upon the said Forest; and he the said Henry Lord Stanvell also

claims to have and receive, so soon as the same can be made out,

a Grant or Letters Patent, of and to hold and enjoy the Office of Ranger of and over the said Forest, and, as annexed or appurtenant

to the said Office, the Liberty of Hunting, Shooting and Sporting, J

in and over the fame Fortft, during the Term of his natural Life; 3

and the said Henry Lord Stawell, in respect of his several Manors, which adjoin to or are situate near to the said Forest, likewise is or ' claims to be entitled to other Rights and Interests, in, upon and J! 4 over the said Forest, or some Part or Parts thereof: And wherras,

subject to His Majesty's Rights on the said Forest, certain Persons 1 4 are pr claim to be entitled to certain Rights of Common in, over "i 4 and upon the said Forest: And whereas from the great and in-

creating Difficulty of procuring a Supply of Timber from Foreign

Countries, and from the Estates of private Individuals in the United Kingdom, it has become necessary to adopt Measures for securing a

more adequate Supply of Timber in this Kingdom 5 and if His ! 4 Mye(ly was empowered to inclose certain Parts of the said Forest,

and such Parts were appropriated for the Growth and Preservation of Wood and Timber, the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage to His Majesty and the Public in general: And whereas I'in order to render the Herbage end Common of Pasture, in such

4 Parts

52 GEO. III. C. 72. 429

the said Forest as shall not be inclosed, of much greater nd more beneficial to the Persons entitled thereto, His has consented and agreed, that all the Deer now kept and rd in the said Forest. shall, previous to any Inclosure being any Parts thereof, be wholly removed from the said Forest foreenacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and tdrice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

>ns, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-hefame, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Majesty id Successors, to inclose, fever and improve, within and out may inclose n Waste Lands of the said Forest, in separate Inclosures, I, arl# of tity of Lands as shall in the Whole not exceed One thou- Acre*? ndred Acres of the Open and Waste Parts of the said d such Inclosures shall be made under and by virtue of a to be granted and issued by His Majesty for that Purpose, jmmission shall be directed to Three or more such Persons efty shall think fit, and such Inclosures shall be set out rom and out of such Parts or Places of the said Forest Dund to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be belt the Growth and Produce of Timber; which said Inclo->e admeasured by a Sworn Surveyor, and set out and in-ed and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts and Boundaries jmed into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, there to Record for ever; and the said Inclosure so set out and oresaid shall remain in Severalty in the actual Possession of f, his Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged of and nner of R ights. Titles, Pretences, Privileges and Claims (other than and except such as the said Henry Lord r may be entitled to as aforesaid) and shall be made and lurfery or Nurseries for Timber only; and the said Quan-? thousand six hundred Acres so authorised to be inclosed shall be accepted by and on Behalf of His Majesty, his Successors, as an adequate Compensation for all Right of ler Right or Claim in or over the remaining Eight hun-wenty seven Acres of the said Waste Lands of the said rich laid remaining Quantity of Eight hundred and twenty s shall become the Property of the several Persons entitled 1

to certain Rights of Common in and over the said Forest iifeharged of and from all Right of Soil, or other Right f the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; saving s, the Liberties and Privileges intended to be granted to hnrj Lord Stawell as hereinbefore mentioned; and saving Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Timber and other iderwood, Bushes, Hollies and Thorns, Heritors and landing and being in or upon the said remaining Quantity-lundred and twenty seven Acres, or any Part thereof, with to cut down and carry away the same, or otherwise to dif-of, and to enter on the said Lands for that Purpose from ne as Occasion may require, for the Space of Three Years fcffing of this Act.

nrided always, and be it further enacted, That all Inclosures Inclosure* not to le in the said Forest by virtue of this Act shall be made and uch manner as not to interrupt or impede the usual and ne-mmunications in, over and upon the said Forest,

C.-J2.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

No Rabbit* kept.

Grant of Inclosure, kc. void.

[Penalty.]

All Deer in Forest destroyed or removed, and bo Deer afterwards kept in Forest.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafibg of this Act, no Rabbits shall be kept on any Part of the said Ford, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

IV. And to the End that the said Inclosures may be preferredthe Crown for Public Use as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That a case any Person whatever shall presume to take or obtain any Grant, Estate or interest of or in the said Inclosures, or any Wool or Trees growing thereon, every such Gift, Grant, Estate or Intact shall ipso fa8o be null and void; and the Person so taking the fame<4 be utterly disabled to have, hold or enjoy any such Gift, Grata: Estate or interest, and also shall forfeit Treble the Value of any such. Gift or Grant to him who shall first sue for the same in any of Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* by Action of Deb wherein no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the fk* fendant.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor G neral of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the Time being,

g'i

and is hereby authorised and required, as soon as conyeniently may

Penalties.

after the passing of this Act, to cause all the Deer in the said to be destroyed, or removed from and out of the said Forest; and th* after the said Inclosure shall be made, no Deer whatever shall be kerf in any Part of the said Forest, or within the Limits thereof.

Vl. And, for the better Preservation of the Trees, Woods, Ui* derwoods, Heritors and Standils growing, or which may hereafterbe planted and nourished to grow or be growing in or upon any Part rf the said Inclosures so to be made in pursuance of this Act, as well Damaging Trees fore ag after t|)e same shall be indosed, be it further enacted, Th| in oreft an person8 whomsoever who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, unlawfully cut down, Split, bark, peel, damage, deface, destruf or carry away any Timber Tree or other Tree, Woods or CovevV Green Stick, or any Heritor or Standil within the said Forest ST1 aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties arf Punishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Reafci to be given, imposed or inflicted upon any Person or Persons contt* mitting the like Offence or Offences in the Lands, Grounds, Woods or Coppices, being inclosed, and the private Property of any of Ifs Majesty's Subjects.

VI r. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfu'ly destroy or take away, or shall break down any Fence or Inclosure, or any Part thereof, made for the Protestiou of any Nuifery of Wood and Timber as aforesaid, shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and for the Second Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and for the Third Offence shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be transportea to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be subject to such other Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment or -otherwise, as the Court before which such person shall be convicted may direct; and such Penalties shall and may be recovered, and on Non payment thereof the Person who shall forfeit the same may be committed to Prison, in the manner and for the same Periods as is specified in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Pre- femotion of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods* and for tbr further Pres emotion of Root* 1 Sbrubt and Plant*, inrelation to the

Feoaltk*

Breaking down Inclosures.

[Penalty.]

*G.3.&4f.

1812.

431

52 GEO. III. C. 72, 7j.

ies of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds respectively, for y cutting or breaking down any Timber under the said Act.

[I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and Residenee in he passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, by Residence Fcyeft not to House, JLodge or other Building erected or to be erected Pl.S?lI, e, neal the said Forest, or by Hiring and Service either for the Pre-00 of the said Woods or Plantations, or the Game in the said, gain thereby any Settlement in the Parish of Binfied in the county in which the said Forest is situated.

Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs General Saving. iccessors, to the said Henry Lord Stawell, and to all Bodies; Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Exe-, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title,

I, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than except such as are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, de-lor extinguished) as they, every or any of them now have or k could have had or enjoyed therein in case this Act had not

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth it of His present Majesty, for the better Relief of the It within England, and enlarging the Powers of the Italians of the Poor, as Limits the annual Amount of the laments.

[27 th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the 36 g. 3. c. it. r Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns and riSi m that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated livers ABs of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Main-ne and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers h Guardians of the Poor within the said several Hundreds, ax and D\Jlri8sy as to the Assessments to be made upon the fevered ifbei, Hamlets and Places within their respectivt Hundreds, ms and DiflriBsy for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor; ivby the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within any Hun-I, Town or District in England, incorporated by an Act of lament, were empowered to assess the several Parrfhes, Ham-sod Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns or Districts be usually liable) in such respective Sums of Money as to such mom or Guardians should appear necessary for the Support [Maintenance of the Poor for the Current Quarter and other Wm 5 provided that such Sums should never exceed in any One Ft after the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred Imoety eight, the Amount of Double the Sum liable to be Id by virtue of any such incorporating Act: And whereas by fca of the very great Increase of the Price of Com and other Sfcy Articles of Life, the Amount of the Rates and Asseff-pfo broiled by the said Act is become insufficient for the ne-fttt Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and other Purposes of Slid Act; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may ifcdj and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty,

43*

A.D. 1812.

So much of 36 G. 3. c. 10. is limits the Amount of Assessments repealed.

49 G. 3. c. xo.

jxG. 3. c.

Continued until 2ft Jtn. 1814.

Irish Treasury to issue 8, 9ooL for the Purposes of 49 G. 3. c zoa.

C. 73, 74. 52 Geo. in.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as limits or provides that from and after the First Day of January 0 thousand seven hundred and ninety eight the Sums to be assessed by virtue thereof on any Parish, Hamlet or Place, shall never exceed any One Year Double the Sum then raised by virtue of any incorporating Ad then existing, shall be and is hereby repealed.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Nature ad 1 Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the PracticabiEtj of Draining and Cultivating them, and the best means cI effecting the same.

[27th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty ninth Year His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent jl

the several Bogt in Ireland, and the Practicability of Draining ill

Cultivating them, and the best means of effecting the same, which rtJh 4 cited Ad was continued until the First Day of January One thos

sand eijjht hundred and thirteen, by an Act passed in the last Seflk

of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said recite#! 4 Ad should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by tb# King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con# sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thifl present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thit; the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid shall be and thtj same is hereby further continued from the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. I

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue, and cause to be issued, over and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Eight thousand nine hundred Pounds, upon the Warrant or Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, which Sums so issued shall be employed by the said Commissioners for the Payment of Surveyors, Engineers, Workmen, Clerks, Messengers and other Officers, and in defraying all the necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the said fcedted Ad of the Forty ninth Year, in such manner and in such Propositions as shall be appointed by the Commissioners under the said ecited Ad, or any Four or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, and that such Sams shall be accounted for by the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, in like manner as Monies

A.D. 1812.

433

52 GEO. III. C. 74. 75*

granted or impressed for any Public Work; and no Fees or other Charges shall be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the same,

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to provide for the more complete and effectual Liquidation of a Debt due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldsmid, Merchant, and his surviving Partners; and to confirm and establish certain Agreements entered into for that and other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th June 1812.]

WHEREAS Abraham Goldsmid of the City of London, Mer-

W chant, deceased, and Benjamin Goldsmid of the said City of 1 London, Merchant, also deceased (the Brother of the said Abraham 1 Goldsmid) did for several Years carry on in Partnership extensive

Mercantile and Stock Concerns: And whereas the said Benjamin

Goldsmid departed this Life on the Eleventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, and thereupon the Partnership between him and the said Abraham Goldsmid was determined: And whereas after the Decease of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, the said

Abraham Goldsmid took Nathan Salomons, of the said City of Lon

don, into Partnership with him in all his Stock Concerns, and also

took his Son Aaron Goldsmid, and Thomas Moxon of the said City 1 of London, into Partnership with him in his said Stock Concerns,

atdin all his other Concerns: And whereas the said Benjamin Gold- Will of B. GokU ijmi duly signed and published his last Will and Testament in fmid, Nov. ao,

1 Writing, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of November One thou- x 3*

land eight hundred and three, and thereby after taking Notice that the greatest Part of his Property was in Business in Copartnership

with his Brother the said Abraham Goldsmid, in whom he had all possible Confidence, he the said Benjamin Goldsmid declared it to be ' his express Direction and Order, that after the Payment of his

Friends and Relations of several Legacies thereinbefore by him given and bequeathed to them, and after inverting and securing the several Legacies, Provisions and Sums of Money thereinbefore

by him particularly directed to be inverted and secured for his Wife,

4 Daughters, Sons and Sifters respectively, and after Payment of all his just Debts and all Claims upon his Estate, his laid Brother 1 Abraham Goldsmid might, if he should so think fit and desire it,

whether his other Executors should approve it or not, take, keep and ufc11 other Parts of the Rest, Residue and Remainder of his Estate and Effects in his Business, for the Space of Three Years next after his the said Testator's Decease, if he the said Abraham Goldsmid should live so long, he the said Abraham Goldsmid paying and allowing at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for so much of the said Residue as he should so take,

'keep or use for his said Business, nevertheless that he should be at Liberty to pay off the same sooner to his Estate if he should so think fit, and lb likewise he the said Testator directed it to be paid,

in case of the previous Death of the said Abraham Goldsmid, as soon as conveniently could be after his Decease 5 and the said Testator further declared his Will and Meaning to be, that as his said Brother Abraham and himself had for many Years carried on Bufi- neb together in Partnership with the greatest Cordiality and mutual

4 Confidence,

A.D. 1812.

Will of A. Gold-fmid, Nor. a;, B809.

C. 75. 52* GEO. III.

Confidence, and never had any Disputes in their Accounts, and is

it was his Intention that his said Brother Abraham should not be

called upon or harafied vexatiously by any of his other Executors,

or any other Person or Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim9either as Executors, Trustees, Legatees or otherwise, under or by virtue of that his Will, therefore it was his express Will and Di*

region that all and every such Account and Accounts of his laid I

Co-partnership Concerns, and of all Monies and Securities therm

belonging to his Estate and Effects, which his said Brother Abraham should after his Decease deliver in to his said other Exe-9 cutors or Legatees, as a full or true Account of the same respectively, and all and every such Account and Accounts of the same,

should be binding and conclusive to his said Estate, and to all Per-

Tons claiming under that his Will, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and his said Brother should not be liable to give or to be called

upon for any other Account or Accounts whatsoever, in any manner

otherwise howsoever, any Clause, Bequest, Article or Thing in his said Will contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-

Handing; and the said Testator appointed his Brothers George Gold-

fmid, Afar Goldsmid, and the said Abraham Goldsmid, Executors of his said Will; and soon after the Decease of the said Benjamin GoU* 4 fmid, his said Executors duly proved his said Will in the Prerogative

Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas the ftM 4 Abraham Goldsmid duly signed and published his last Will and Tefb-9 ment in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of Nomern-9 her One thousand eight hundred and nine, and thereby after di red-9 ing his Debts and Funeral Expences to be paid, and after several

Bequests in favour of hit Wife and of his Children, Jane Loufade9Isabella Goldsmid, EJlher Goldsmid and Mary Goldsmid, and after9giving several pecuniary and other Legacies, he the said Abraban Goldsmid gave and bequeathed all the Rest and Residue of his

Monies, Securities, Stock in the Public Funds, Shares in Public9 Companies and Undertakings or Initiations, Goods, Chattels and

Effects, and all other his Personal Eft ate and Effects which he might be in any manner seised or possessed of, or entitled unto at the time

of his Decease, in any manner howsoever, and not by his Will otherwise disposed of, or which might happen to be or to become or to remain undifjposed of by that his Will, subject to the Payment9of all his just Debts and Funeral and Testamentary Expences and

Legacies, and to the several Payments and Appropriations therein-

before given and directed and appointed, and also subject to all rea-9 sonable Expences to be incurred in the Execution of that his Will,

or the Trusts thereof, unto his Executors, upon the Trusts and for the Uses and Purposes thereinafter mentioned, declared and9appointed, concerning the same; and the said Testator gave and

devised and bequeathed all that his Dwelling House at Moredon,

9 with the Out Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands and Appurtc*

9 nances thereunto belonging, and all other his Freehold, Copyhold9 and Leasehold Estates, situate in the Parishes of Moredon9 Merton,

9 Wimbledon and Mitcham, or any or either of them, or elsewhere

in the County of Surrey, and all his Messuages, Buildings, Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments, of every Kind, and all his Real c Estates whatsoever and wheresoever, not otherwise by his said Will given, devised or disposed of, and all his Ellate, Right, Title and

5 ' JutercK

X

A.D. 1812.

435

52 GEO. III. C 75.

4 Interest whatsoever therein respectively, unto and to the Use of his Executors thereinafter named, tfheir Heirs, Executors and Admi-

nistrators, according to the Nattire and Quality thereof respectively- upon Trust to fell tmd convert into Money all the same Freehold, of and Leasehold hnd K.eal Estates, at such time or times as they should deem most expedient 5 and the said Abraham Gold/mid did by his said Will 'declare, direct and appoint, that the Purchase Money to arise' from all and every such Sales or Sale respectively, and also the Rerits, Issues and Profits accruing in the mean time, and until such Sale or Sales respectively, for or in respect of 1 such Part or Parts thereof asmij>ht be let to any Tenant or Tenants, (fobjed to all Charges and Expences to be incurred in respect thereof) should be added to, and be deemed, considered and taken as and for and to be Part of the general Residue of his Personal Estate, and be paid, applied and disposed of therewith, in the manner and for the Uies and Purposes directdd and appointed in 51 respect to his said Personal fcslate, and the Interest or Dividends accruing from the Produce thereof, to all Intents and Purposes; and reciting that, from the nature of his Concerns, and the Situation of his Property in various respects, particular Circumstances attending the same might render a particular Course or Management thereof, or particular Nleafu res as to the same respectively, necessary or expedient, and as to which it might be inconvenient or hazardous 1 to prescribe any particular Rule or Direction, he the said Abraham fjddfmid, for obviating all Difficulty in that respect, gave by his laid WiH to his Executors and Trustees for the time being a full, 'general and absolute Power and Discretion in the Management* 4 Arrangement and Disposition of his said Property and Concerns, 1 in all respects whatsoever, and in the calling in, collecting, receiving, felling, converting and disposing of the same and every or any Part or Parts thereof, from time to time, as they should deem most expedient, not being contrary to or inconsistent with the general 1 Provssions ai d Dispositions of that his Will, or any of them; and the said Abraham Gcldfmid also authorised his said Executors and Traltees to compound or release any Debt or Debts, or Monies doe or belonging to him or his Estates, as Circumstances might make expedient, and to conipromise or refer to Arbitration any Dif- putc touching his said Property or Concerns or any of them, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions respectively as his said Executors or Trustees should think expedient; and for obvi

ati"g the Effect of any Difference of Opinion between his said Exe- cuiOiS and Trustees or any of them in respect of any Sale or Sales'of the said Freehold, of or Leasehold Estates, or of his Personal Estates and Effects, or any Part thereof respectively, or the Management, Arrangement and Disposition thereof respectively, ' or the letting the same, or otherwise relating thereto or to his said Concerns, he the said Abraham Goldfniid did by his said last Will and Testament, will, declare and airedl that the Direction, Appointment, Acts and Deeds, from time to time of a Majority of them ' his said Executors and Trustees for the time being, touching his laid Property and Affairs or any of them, signified in Writing under the respe6Hve Hands of the Persons composing such Majority, and attelled by Two or more credible Witnesses, should be binding and coaclufiv* Upon all of them his said Executors and Trustees, and

52Gs*.III. F f 4 upon

C-75- 5a* GEO. III. A.D. 181V 1

upon all Parties concerned or interested in the Subied or Milter

thereof respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and to be earned into ffe& accordingly, not oeing contrary to, or ' inconsistent with the general Provisions of that his Wills And after

taking Notice of the said Will of the said Benjamin Goldsmid^ and

that it was his the Testator's Intention, as soon as Circumstancci I 4 would permit, to make out an Account and Statement respectng

the Partnership, Property and Concerns of him the said Abrahm Goldsmid and of the said Benjamin Gold/'mid, but left he should sot happen to do so during his Life, and in order to effect as far is

might be the same Object, and to obviate as much as in him lay,

all Accounts and Reckonings between the respective Estates and Families of the said Abraham and Benjamin Goldsmid respednr ' the said Transactions, and towards Amplifying the same, he the said

4 Abraham Goldsmid did, as well as to nis own Share, Concern n&f

Interest therein, as also in Furtherance and Execution of the Vie* ! 4 and Intention of his said Brother in that respect exp re fled byhi^i 4 said last Will and Testament, will, declare and direct that the a&ulj ' State of the Partnership Property of him the said Abraham GMJ

fmid and his said Brother, at the time of his said Brother's DeceastJ 4 and the clear Amount which should appear upon a proper Suceg ment thereof to have been then remaining due and belonging tJ 4 them the said Abraham Goldsmid and Benjamin Goldsmid as raid ners, including all Stocks, Snares, Securities and Interests whatl soever then (landing or being in both or either of their Naocu but belonging to the said Partnership, after deducting all DebtS 4 and Demands then due and owing by them on account thereo| 4 should be considered and taken as and for the Rule and Criterion

4 Division between them respectine their said Partnership PropcrJ 4 and Concerns, to all Intents and Purposes, without reference tag any Account as between him the said Abraham Goldsmid and tbs said Benjamin Goldsmid, or to any Balance which might happen tj 4 be due thereon on either Side, and that each of them and the*

respective Estates should he considered as entitled to one equal Moiety or Half Part of such clear Amount accordingly, subjt$

to a like equal Moiety or Half Part of the said Debts or Demand

due by them on account of their said Partnership Concerns: Ao

4 he the said Abraham Goldsmid, after taking Notice that since his Brother's Decease he the said Abraham Goldsmid h?d made various.' 4 Payments and Appropriations to the Credit and for the Use of i 4 the Estate of the said Benjamin Goldsmid upon account of his said Moiety or Half Part or Share of the said Partnership Property and.

4 Concerns, he the said Abraham Goldsmid did further will, that after taking Credit for or deducing the Amount of all such Psy*

ments and Appropriations last mentionedt and such further or othe*.

4 Payments or Appropriations as he might thereafter make on the.

same Account, be the said Abraham Gmffmid, or his Estate, should be considered as indebted and accountable to his said Brother's. 4 Estate for so much of the said Moiety or Half Part or Share cl the said Partnership Property, to be estimated and taken in manses aforesaid, ' as should from time to time remain not paid or appropriated to the particular Uteof his Estate as aforesaid, untu the Whole thereof should be fully so paid or appropriated; sod for the End and Purpose aforesaid, he the said Abraham Goldsmid did by

his

).1812.

5 5* GEO. III. C. 75.

exonerate and discharge hi* said Brother's Re-fentatives and ERate from all Claims and Demands which he

iaid Abraham Goldsmid or his Estate could or might have or im thereon in respetS of any Balance due by the said Benjamin 'djmbi to him the said Abraham Goldsmid, at the time of his Deft, upon any Account then fubfiRing between him the said Ben-Goldsmid and the said Abraham Goldsmid, in respect of their 1 Partnership or other Transactions or Concerns with each other manner howsoever, subject only to such Division as therein-orr was directed and appointed in respect thereof; and he the Abraham Goldsmid did further will, declare and direct, that ex-t as far as might be necessary for effecting such Division as afore-, and as arising out of the same, no other Account or Reckon-whatever should be Rated or entered into between their respective ates in any manner howsoever: And the said Abraham Goldsmid ointed his Brother the said Asher Goldsmid, and his Sons Aaron 'timid and Moses Goldsmid, and the said Thomas Moxon and Efiafon, to be Executors of his said Will; and in case any Executors thereinbefore named should happen to die, or should fe or decline to act in the Execution of that his Will, or the ih or Purposes thereof, or should desire to withdraw from such Executor or TruRee, in every such case respectively thorixed his said Wife, and his said Two Sons Aaron and Goldsmid, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the fr Executors and TruRees of his Will for the time being, or the t>?Part of them, to appoint by Writing under the Hands of the Us composing such Majority, One other competent Person to ch TruRee, inRead of any of them his said Executors or Truf-who should so die, orrefufe or decline to act, or desire to with-is aforesaid, and that upon every such Occasion respectively proper and suitable Acts, Deeds, Matters and Things to be uted and effected, for transferring and veRing all his then fur-1: Monies, Property, ERate and Effects, to and in such new tee, together with the other or remaining of the said Executor* "ruflees for the time being, upon the same TruRs and for the 1 Uses and Purposes, and with the same Powers, Privileges and horities as were therein provided and appointed in respect eof, or such of them as for the time being should remain to be ormed, and so toties quoties as often as the case should happen cquire: And whereas the said Abraham Goldsmid departed this 1 in the Month of September One thousand eight hundred and '3nd the said Aaron Goldsmid, Moses Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon Daniel Eliafon, duly proved the said Will in the Prerogative: rt of the Archbishop of Canterbury, Power being reserved to d AJber Goldsmid to prove the same; and the said Asher Gold-3 rath since in due Form of Law renounced the Probate thereof: whereas by a Deed Poll or InRrument in Writing, bearing e the Twenty sixth Day of November One thousand eight dred and ten, under the Hand and Seal of the said Asher Gold-and duly inrolled in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas efminster, after reciting, amongR other things, that the said Goldsmid had renounced the Probate of the said Will of the Abraham Goldsmid, and had not in any respect acted in the -ral Trulls by the said Will reposed in him, or executed any of the F f 2 Power*

Deed 26 Nov.

A.D. 1812.

Debt of

466, 700!. due to the* Crown.

C. 75. 52 GEO. III.

Powers or Authorities thereby delegated to him, and wis defirow

of disclaiming the same in the manner thereinafter mentioned. It 4 was witnessect, that he the said After Goldsmid did thereby for hem*

self, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, fully, abfalotdy and irrevocably, difclaimall and every Uses, Estates, Truds, Powers and Authorities given or delegated to him the said After Gold-

4 /mid, jointly with the said Aaron Goldsmid, Mofts Goldsmid, Tbmm.4 Moxon and Daniel Eliafon, in and by the said Will of the M 4 Abraham Goldsmid, of, in, to, upon or over the Messuages, Tew-.4 ments, Hereditaments and Real Estate, and also of, io, to, apes j 4 or over the Sums of Mooey, annual or in gross, Stocks, Security and other the Personal Estate, and all and singular other the Pie*

mises given, devised, limited and bequeathed in and by the said W21 4 of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and all and singular the Eftafee,

4 Share, Property, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Possesshn,

4 Freehold Property, PofiibUity, Challenge, Claim and Demiad whatsoever of him the said After Goldsmid, of, in, to or out of the said Real and Personal Estate, and every or any Part and Parcel thereof, as Devisee or Trustee, or as one of the Devisees or Trustres of the Will of the said Abraham Goldsmid: And whereas at the time of the Decease of the said Abraham Goldsmid there were divert Securities and other Partner ship Efie&s of the said late Copart-; 4 nership between the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldfmb remaining in Specie in the Hands of the said Abraham Goldsmid, or otherwise unconverted by the said Abraham Goldsmid at the Urn of his Death, and such Securities and other Partnership Efie&s,

upon the Decease of the said Abraham Goldsmid, veiled at Law in lus Executors, but fubio6l in Equity to be applied in the first Place to the Payment of such Debts (if any) of the said late Copartnership between the said Benjamin and Abraham Goldsmid, as remain

unutisfied, and then to be divided between the respective Estatet of the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldsmid, according to the Shares and Propositions which it should appear, upon the Settkmerit of the said Copartuerflup Accounts, that the said respectire Estates were beneficially interested in and entitled to the Copartner*

ship Stock and Property: And whereas at the time of the Deccafc 4 #of the said Abraham Goldsmid, each of the said Partnerships of Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, asd Abraham Goldsmid', Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nation Salomons, was possessed of great Property, and was liable to great Debts and Demands, and was engaged in extensive and coomti*

cated Concerns; and particularly there was due to the King's Most Excellent Majesty from the said Copartnerships of Abraham Goldfntid, Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and of Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and Nathan Salomons,

the Sum of four hundred and fixtr six thousand seven hundred Pounds or thereabouts; and the said Abraham Goldsmid and each of the said Partners had a separate Estate, and owed Money on his separate Account: And whereas upon the Decease of the od 4 Abraham Goldsmid, the Probability that a judicious and regular

Administration of their Property might make the same produce its'real and full Value, and thereby raise a Sum sufficient to satisfyall the Claims and Demands on the same, but that if the same were instantaneously and summarily attached or disposed of, the Value

thereof

479

52 GEO. III. C. 75.

thereof would be prodigiously lessened, and the Money produced by 1 it would certainly fall very short of answering even the Demand of die Crown upon the same, and leave nothing for the other Cneditdr?, was strongly represented to the Chancellor of His MajellyN

Exchequer, Firli Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, who there-apon agreed, that so long as the Adjustment of the Affairs of ' tie said Abraham Goldsmid and his said surviving Partners shoulcf

k condoled to the Satisfaction of Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander

4, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, all of the City

London aforesaid, Merchants, the Prerogative Rights and Re-

medies of the Crown fhduld not be enforced for recovering the Debt of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds from the said Partnership Eft ate, or the separate Estate of the said Abraham Goldsmid or his Partners, and that the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, should (land apon an equal Footing with the other Partnership Debts of the fid Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, and of the Partnership Debts of the said Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsaid and Thomas Moxon, and of the said Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, and should be paid hi pari pajfu with the said Partnership Debts; but upon the express Understanding, that if the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bar 1 ay, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Two of 'them, or such Persons as should be thereafter nominated Inspec-tmof the said Affairs, or any Two of them, should disapprove of the Administration of the said Affairs; or from any other Cause foftld deem it advisable that any Crown Process should issue against the Estates and Effects of the said Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon sad Nathan Salomons, and the Estate and Effects late of the said Abraham Goldsmid, the proposed Arrangement should not prejudice the Right of His Majesty to issue such Process as His Majesty should be adviied to have Recourse to in order to enforce the Payment of the said Debt of Four hundred and sixty six rhou(tad seven hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as should from time to time remain unsatisfied: And whereas for the Purpose of effect- Agreement on.

ing the Arrangement aforesaid, and affording the means of the In- tv red into not; 4 dwgence offered on Behalf of His Majesty being granted, which e, !f", c* r 4 was deemed highly beneficial and necessary to the most advantageous, ?l, '*lo

it*r t r 1 J.LlO'.vn, but Co

Management of the Concern, the said Lhomas Bainlridge, Alex Hn! on r.nequ-I 1 aider Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, were Footing v ith nominated by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, other Pa*tnilafpeftors for the Superintendence, Direction and Controul of the ar,

said Concerns; and it was agreed that a Deed should be forthwith of Viqu'b

1 prepared for carding the Objects of the Parties into immediate da.ing the lame. 4 Execution: And whereas the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander

Baring, William Joseph Dvnifon ami George Ward, accepted the said inspectorship: And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred ' tad ten, and made or expressed to be made between the said Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, of the First Part;

the said Aaron Goldsmid, Moses Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Daniel EliafoW, as such acting Executors of the last Will and Tef-

lament of the said Abraham Goldsmid, of the Second Part; the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison

44

A.D. 1812.

C-75. 5* GEO. III.

and George Ward* at such Inspectors as aforesaid, of the Third Part; the said George Goldsmid and Asher Goldsmid, at the furviying Executor* of the last Will and Ted ament of the said Beenamin Goldsmid, of the Fourth Part; and the federal Persons other than the Parties thereto of the First, Second, Third and Fourth Partt, who by them (elves or their respective Agent* or Attonhei had severally subscribed their Name* and affixed their Seakg or 4 should subscribe their Names and affix their Seal* thereto of the Fifth Part; it wag witnessed, that all the Persons who were pasties thereto of the First, Second, Fourth and Fifth Part*, did thereby

fully and irrevocably approve of the Nomination and Appointment of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Boring, William Joseph

Denison and George Ward, to be Jnfpp&ors. for the Supenotendence, Direction and Controul of the said Partnership Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and hi* said respective surviving Partners, and of the said separate Concern* of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said respective surviving Partners, in manner thereinafter mentioned 5 and they the said Parties thereto of the First, Second and Fifth Parts, did thereby further absolutely and ureTocably give full Power and Authority to the said Thomas BaUbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, to superintend, direct and controul the Management of the said Partnership Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said respective surviving Partners, and of the said separate Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said respective surviving Partners, a* they should in their Discretion think proper, subject to the Regulation f thereinafter contained; and for that Purpose to employ in and about the same such Attornies, Agents or other Persons, and to give them such Salaries or Emolument* a* they should think proper: And the said Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, did thereby direct, require and enjoiq the Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, to obey, and to their utmost Power and Ability execute, or cause to be executed, the Directions which the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, should give in respect to the said Partnership Concerns, or any of them, or the separate Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid, or of the Parties thereto of the First Part, for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned, or any of them; And it was thereby provided, agreed and declared, between and by the Parties thereto, that it mould and might be bwful to and for the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph

Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, at any time whatsoever, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be indorsed on the said Indenture, or a Duplicate thereof, but subject, and without Prejudice, to what should have been then already done under the same, to declare the said Deed, ' and every fclaufr,

4 Matter and Thing therein contained, to be at an End: And it was thereby also witnessed, that the said several Persons, Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, did give and grant noto each of them the several Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, thenceforth and until the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be indorsed on the said Indenture or a

52 GEO. III. C. 7J.

44*

4 Duplicate thereof, declare the said Licence to be determined and 1 at an End, foil and free Liberty, Licence and Safe-conduct,

4 Power and Authority to go about, attend to, follow, negociate and manage, under the immediate and absolute Inspection, Superintendence, Direction and Controul of the said Thomas Bainbridge Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, the Affairs, Business, Matters and Things whatsoever,

of the said Partnership Estates and separate Estates at any Place or Placet whatsoever in England or elsewhere, without any Let,

4 Suit, Trouble, Arrest, Attachment or other Impediment, to be offered or done unto them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, or any of them, by the said several Parties thereto9of the Fifth Part, or any of them, or their respective Heirs, Exetutors, Administrators or Partners, or by their or any of their

Means or Procurement; and each and every of the Persons who were Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, did thereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Partners,

grant to the said several Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, and to their respective Executors and 1 Administrators, that if any of the said Penons who were Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, or any other Person or Persons, by the Means or Procurement of any of them, should, during the

Continuance of the Licence thereinbefore granted, molest, impede or arrest any of the said Persons who were Parties thereto of the Fnft and Second Parts, or should attach or take in Execution the Person or Persons, or the Goods and Chattels, Lands and TeneBents of them or any of them, or of the said Abraham G oldfmid,

contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Indenture,

then such of them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts as should be so molested, impeded or arrested, or whose Estate and Effects should be so attached or taken in Execution, and their or his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Gold/mid, if the same or any Part thereof should be so attached or taken in Execution contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Indenture, should thenceforth be, and he and they and the same Estate and Effects was and were thereby clearly and for ever acquitted, exonerated and discharged of and from all Actions, Suits, Debts, Covenants, Securities. Claims and Demands whatsoever, at Law and in Equity,

of the Person or Persons by whom, or by whose Means or Procurer*ment such Impediment, Molestation, Arrest, Attachment or Executkra should have been occasioned, and that the said Letter of Licence should in any or either of said cases operate as a Release,

and should or might be pleaded in Bar to such respective Debts,

and to any Prosecution, Suit, Action, Attachment, Arrell or Process, which should in the mean time be brought, commenced, sued,

or prosecuted concerning the same Debts against any of the said Persons Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, or the 1 Estate and Effe6h of any of the said Parties of the First and Second Parts, or against the Estate and Effects of the said

4 Gold[mid: And it was thereby agreed and declared, between a; ui by the Parties thereto, that in respea of the Persons who were Purties thereto of the Fifth Part, the Two Partnerships of the said Abraham Gold/mid, Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and

F f 4 iAbraham

44? C-7S-

52GJO.IU.

A.

Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Mcxon, zx& Nathm Salomons, should, as to all the Purposes of the said Indenture, be ca*-

fidered as forming together One Co-partnership, and both of tboi 4 be considered as equally liable to the Claires and Demands upon each of them: And it was thereby further witne$bd, that in Confederation of the aforesaid Grant and CovenajnU.on the Part of the said Persons Parties thereto of the Fourth and pifth Parts, the several Persons Parties thereto of the First Part, did jointly for themselves, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and each of them did separately for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, covenant, promifp and agree with and to the said f Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Earing, William JofcpbI)tnism and George Ward % their Executors, Administrators and Aifigus, in fnanner following; that is to say, that, thej the said Parties thereto of the First Part should and would forthwith* or by such Time as should be fixed by the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Den if on and George Ward, if they should think proper to fix the same, cause to be made up a true and exatl Account in Writing of all the Partnership and separate Estates, Effects and Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and his said respective surviving Partners, of what Nature or Kind fuever, as well Realas Personal, of them the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and % of the several Charges, Outgoings and Incumbrances then affecting the same, and should and would figu the same with their respei3ti\q 4 Names, in their own Hand-writing, and deliver the said Account so signed by them, unto the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bafitig, William Joseph Dctiifon and George Ward, and that they the said Parties thereto of the First Part, iliould and would during the Continuance of the said Letter of Licence, manage and transact the Affairs and Business of the said Co-partnership and separate Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his laid surviving Partners, for the Benefit of their Creditors, in the belt mauner they respectively were able to do, and from time to time observe, perform, fulfil and execute all the Orders, Directions, Resolutions and Instructions of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings Wilt Ham JoJ'cph DeniJ'on and George Ward, and use their bed and utmost Means and Endeavours to convert into Money the said Partnership Estate and Effects, and to collect and get in the Debts owing to the same, and to discharge all and every the Debts owing by them in the manner thereinafter mentioned, as soon as might be;

4 And further, that the said Parties thereto of the First Part, should and would from time to time pay all the Monies which should be received by them or any of them from the Produce of the Partnership and separate Estate and Effects of them the said Parties thereto of the First Part, into the Bank of England, in the joint Names'of the said parties thereto of the First Part, and should and would deposit in the Bank of England all Deeds, Writings, Bonds, Obligations, Bills, states or other Securities, which were then ia their Possession, or which should come to their respective Hands; And that the Monies arising from the Estate and Effects of the said f Parties thereto of the First Part, and to be so paid into the Bank as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, should not be drawn out otherwise than by Draft signed by Two at leaf! of the said Par*

tics thereto of the First Part; And that all Securities for Money

which

443

52 GEO. III.

bouid be. so deposited in the Bank should be disposed of from time as the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings Joseph Dent Jon and George Ward, or any Three of them, liretl 2 And the several Persons Parties thereto of the Se-art, did enter into Covenants with the said Thomas Bain-Alexander Baring* William Joseph Denison and George Ward*

0 the Covenants entered into oy the said Parties thereto of

1 Part, with the said Thomas Bainbridge* Alexander Baring* Joseph Denison and George Ward; and it was thereby pro-at nothing therein contained should extend or be considered

d. to authorize or permit the said Parties thereto of the Se-fft, or any of them, to pay, apply, dispose of or appropriate: ific Monies, Property, Effects or Securities, or the Pro-ereof l^elonging to the late Partnership between the saidGoldsmid and Abraham Gold [mid* to the Payment of the Debts or to the Use of the said separate El late of the said 1v Goldsmid* further or beyond the Amount or Proposition in le ElUte of the said Abraham Goldsmid should appear to eoefieial Iuterell in the Partnership Stock upon the Settle-the said Partnership Accounts of the said Benjamin Goldsmid sham Goldsmid: And the several Persons who were Parties af the First and Second Parts did thereby covenant with the mas Bain bridge* Alexander Barings William Joseph Denison rge Ward, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, ip Following; that is to say, that the said Parties thereto of

and Second Parts, should and would from time to time keep looks of Account of the Partnership and frparate Eft ate ds of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the hip and separate Estate and Effects of the said Abral: am and the Management and Disposition of the same re-y, and of all the Concerns of the same respectively, and \ cause to be made in the said Books true and proper En-all Receipts, Payments and Disbursements, and of all her Transactions, Matters and Things as were agreeable to tarn of Merchants, or which ought to be entered in the v giving to the said Inspectors a clear and full Knowledge nd several Concerns and all Things relating thereto, distin-; such Parts of their said Receipts, Payments and Trans-'if any) as relate to the Property or Affairs of the late Colip between the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Gold-ara the general and separate Estate or Affairs of the said a Goldsmid, and of all Acts, Deeds, Transactions, Mat- Things done in the same by the Parties thereto of the Firit and Parts, or by their Procurement; and preserve in a and regular manner all Letters, Writings and other Docu-efpeding the Concerns of the said Copartnership or fepa-ates, or any of them, >vhich then were in their Possession ir, or which should thereafter come to their Possession or and enter and keep Copies of all Letters written by them; old and would permit the said Thomas B a inbridge* Alex-bring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward* or any 1* from time to time and at all times to examine and in-be said Books of Account, and all other Papers, Letters ritiqgs relating to the Management of the said Estate*

444 A.D. 1812. C. 75. 52 GEO. III.

and Effects refjjeAively, and also permit the same to be examined by the said Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, so far as the same related to or concerned the Affairs or Concerns of the said late Co-partnership of the said Benjamin and Abraham Goldsmid; and Ihoald and would upon their or any of their Requests make and give Copies and Extracts of the lame to them or any of them, or to any Person or Persons appointed by them or any of them\ and also should and would it thereunto required by the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and Gtotjt Ward, verify the Truth of such Accounts and Statements upon Oath before One of the Maffers of the Court of Chancery; and further, they the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, would not, in the Administration of die aforesaid Effaces and Effects under the said Deed, give any Preference or Priority of Payment to any Creditor upon the said Estates or Effects ora any other of the said Creditors, or do or suffer to be done, any Act, Deed, Matter or Thing whatsoever, whereby any of the Partner, ship or separate Creditors of the said Parties thereto of the Firff Part, or of the said Abraham Goldsmid, should or might obtain any Security or Securities for his or their Debt or Debts, Or any Preference-or Priority in the Payment thereof, dr any Part thereof, before the others of the said Creditors, fare and except that any One or more such of the same Creditors whose respective Debts should not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or who should be willing to accept the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for the same, might be paid out of the separate Effate of the said Abro ham Goldsmid, or his Proposition of the specific PartneHhip Effate of the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldfmtd, the Whole of such their laid Debts, or accepted Satisfaction for the same, if the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, should consent thereto, but not otherwise; and that none of them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, should release any Debt or Debts owing to the said Copartnership, or either of them, or to any of the Parties thereto, on his separate Account, or to the Effate of the said Abraham Goldsmid, or bring any Action or Suit for recovering any such Debt or Debts, or compromise the same, without the Advice and Approbation of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward; but neverthelefa it was thereby agreed and declared between ard by the Parties thereto, that it should be lawful for the Parties thereto of the First Pirt,

Shut subject to the Right of Examination thereinafter mentioned, the same should be indited upon,) to admit any Person or Persons a Creditor or Creditors, under or by virtue of the said Id-denture, for any Debt or Debts claimed by him or them from the said Partnership Estate and Effects, or their said separate Estate and Effects, upon such Evidence as the said Parties thereto of the First Part should deem reasonable; and also that it should be lawful for the said Parties thereto of the First Part, with the Approbation in Writing of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bering, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, but not otherwise, to compromise the Amount of any ]3ebt claimed by any of the Creditors on the said Funds; and in like manner that it should be lawful for the said Parties thereto of the Second Part, to admit

A.D. 1812.

5 a0 GEO. III. C. 75. 44 f

any Person or Persons a Creditor or Creditors under or by virtue of the said Indenture, for any Debt or Debts claimed by him or them from the separate Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, as to them the said Parties thereto of the Second Part Should seem reasonable, and with the Approbation in Writing of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph 1 Denison and George Ward, but not otherwise, to compromise the Amount of any Debts claimed by any Creditor or Creditors on the said Fund; And it was provided and agreed between and by the said Parties thereto, that in case of any Difference or Dispute it Should be lawful for the said 7homos, Baiabridge, Alexander Baring,

4 William Joseph Dtnifon and George Ward, or any Three of them,

to ascertain and appoint the Fund on which any Claimant or Claimants ought to be deemed Creditor or Creditors, and also to separate, distinguish and allot the separate from the Partnership Property, and to ascertain, adjust and settle the State of the said Account between the said Two Partnerships of the said Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid, and Thomas Moxon and Abraham Gold

feud, Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, for the Purpose of dividing the Fund between them, or their Repre{rotative*; And it was thereby also agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that any Creditor or Creditors who bad any Security or Pledge for any Debt or Debts or any Part thereof, Should or might execute the said Indenture, without Pre- jsdice to the same Security or Securities, and convert the same Security or Securities into Money, and receive a Dividend rateably with the other Creditors on so much of the same Debt or Debts as Should not be answered or paid out of the Produce of the same Security or Securities: And the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts did thereby covenant with the said Thomas Bain bridge, Alexander Baring> William Joseph Denison and George Ward, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in manner following $ that is to say, that when and so soon as the Monies which should arise from the Partnership Effects of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and the separate Estate and Effects late of the said Abraham Goldsmid, should be sufficient to pay Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Debts payable oiu of the said Fund, the said Parties thereto of the First r and Second Parts Should and would make a rateable Dividend to

that Amount on the said Debt or Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and on all the Partnership

Debts of the several Persons who were Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, without Preference or Priority one to the other, and a further Dividend from time to time, so often as the Money in handapplicable to the Payment of the said Partnership Debts Should

bear the Proposition of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum

to the then Capital o f the said Partnership Debts, until a full Di- yidend of Twenty Shillings in the Pound should be made on the < Whole of the said Debt of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and on all the Partnership Debts, to the 1 Parties; thereto, or until the Whole of the said Partnership Fund

Should be exhausted; and it was thereby provided and agreed, that it Should be lawful for the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Sarin*, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, to direct an

A.D. 1812.

44 G-75- J2 GEO. VO.

earlier Dividend to be made of the said P&rtnerfltip Estate and r Effects, and the same should be made accordingly; and it was

thereby also provided and agreed, that when and so often as any such Dividend as aforesaid should be made of the said Partner-

ship Fund, the said Parties thereto of the First Part should, as I

foovf as conveniently might be, make a Dividend of all Monies 1

which should have been received by them the said Parties thereto

of the First Part, from their separate Estate and Esse^b, unto

and amongst all the separate Creditors of them the said Parties thereto of the First Part, who should execute the said Indenture,

after the same Rate as that of the Dividend which should have been then last made of the said Partnership Effects, or as near to the same as circumstances would admit; and that then and so

often as any such Dividend as therein and hereinbefore is mertioned should be made of the said Partnership Fund, then and so often as the Parties thereto of the Second Part, should make 4 a Dividend of all Monies which should have come to the Hands

of them the said Parties thereto of the Second Part, on account of the separate Estates and Effects of the said Abraham GolJJmui,

unto and amongst all the separate Creditors of the same Estates and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmidy who should execute

the said Indenture, after the same Rate as that of the Dividend which should have been then last made of the said Partnership Effects, or as near thereto as the circumstances of the case would

admit; But it was^ thereby expressly agreed and declared, that no Dividend should be made of the Fund arising from the separate

Estate and Effects of the Parties thereto of the First Part, or from the separate Estate and Effe&i of the said Abraham Goldsmid, with,

out the Consent and Approbation of the said Thomas Bainbridge,

4 Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them; And it was thereby provided and agreed, that if the Funds applicable to the Payment of the Debts of the said Partnership, and immediately available to the same, should be exhausted and prove inefficient to pay Twenty Shillings in the Pound on the whole Amount of the said Debts, and the Funds applicable to the Payment of the separate Debts of the said Parties f thereto of the First Part, and of the said jibraham Gold/mid should be more than adequate for that Purpose, then the Overplus or Excess of the Fund applicable to the Payment of the said separate Debts should, so far as the same should be wanted to make up the Payment of Twenty Shillings in the Pound of the Debts of the said Partnership, be applied in Aid of the Funds applicable towards the said Debts of the said Partnership; And it was

thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties tlrerelo,

that if the Funds applicable to the Payment of the frparate

Debts of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the said Abraham Goldsmidy should be adequate to pay a larger Dividend on the said separate Debts of the Parties thereto of the Firil Part,

and of the said Abraham Goldsmidy than the said Partnership Fund immediately available would be sufficient to pay on the Partnership

Debts of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the said Abraham Goldsmidy then the Funds applicable to the Payment of the said separate Debts should, so far as the same would extend,

to be brought in Aid of the Funds applicable to the payment of the

4 Debts

A.D. 1812.

447

52 GEO. III.

C7j.

4 Debts of the said Partnership, and immediately available for that 1 Purpose, fb as to make the Dividends on the Debts of the said Pafrtnership equal to the Dividends on the said separate Debts, bist 1 k should be wholly left to the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, to decide on the Availsbleness or Adequacy of the find Funds, and the Application 1 of laid separate Funds, in manner therein and hereinbefore mentimed; And it was thereby farther agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if any Part of the Fund applicable for the Payment of the Debts of the said Partnership should remain after answering and fetisfying the Debts of the said Partnership, ' then the Surplus or Excels of the said Funds, if wanted for that 1 Purpose, should, so far as the same would extend, be broaght ki Aid of the Funds applicable for the Payment of the separate Debts of the said Partners and the separate Debts of the said Abraham Goldfood, according to the respective Interests of the (laid Partners and of the said Abraham Goldsmid therein; and k was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that all Debts owing from the said Parties thereto of the First Part, as well oh the said Partnership as on their said separate Accounts, and all the

Debts owing from the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldfmd, to the Several Persons Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, or any of the said Debts, should be submitted to the Examinations of the hid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison aid George Ward, or any Three of them, if they respectively hould think proper and require; and for this Purpose it was thereby agreed and declared that the said Thomas Baiabridge, Alexander Baring, Wilfiam Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should and might require the same Debts to be verified by the Affidavits of the same several Creditors, stating the Amount and Consideration of the same, and other circumstances relating thereto,

which Affidavits should be sworn before a Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or Magistrate of the District in which the Party from whom the same should be required should reside, and should and

might call fiw such Documents, Vouchers and Papers from the Pmbns whose Debts should be so under Con side rat ion, as the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, should think fit, and that the Determination of the said Inspectors, or any Three of them, should be final, binding and conclusive on all Parties entitled to any Interest or Benefit under the said indenture; And it was thereby further agreed and declared, that the Amount of the respective Debts of the said several Creditors, Parties thereto, after the same should have been determined by the said Inspectors, or any Three of them, should be written opposite to the Signatures of such respective Creditors, under different Heads, difbaguishing the Funds or Fund out of which the 4 {hole should be payable: Aud the said several Persons who were Parties thereto of the First Part, did thereby covenant with the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, their Executors and Administrators, that they the < hid Parties thereto of the First Part, should and would at any time thereafter during the Continuance of the said Letter of Licence, upon the Request of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bar-1 ay, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of

them,

V

44*

A.D. 1812.

C*7$* 52 GEO. III.

them, convey, surrender, assign or otherwise assure all or any Put

or Parts of the Real and Personal Estate and Eife&s whatsoever and

wheresoever, of in, or to which the said Parties thereto of the

First Part, or any of them, were or was feiied, possessed, interested or inti tied, and the Income and Prodoce of the same, either unto

any Person or Persons who should purchase the same, and to whom

or to the Use of whom the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should direct the same to be conveyed, assigned or surrendered, or unto such Person or Persons as the said Thomas Bain*

bridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should dined the same to be cobveyed, assigned, surrendered or otherwise affined, for the Puroofe of felling or otherwise disposin? of the same and making the Value and Produce thereof available for the Objects of the said Indenture;

and the said several Persons who are Parties thereto of the Second Part, did covenant with the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, that they the said Parties thereto of the Second Part, should and would at any time thereafter during the

Continuance of the said Letter of Licence, upon the Request of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward\ or any Three of them, convey, surrender or assign, or otherwise assure all the Real and Personal Estate and Efieds whatsoever and wheresoever, of, in, or to which the Parties thereto of the Second Part, or any of them, were or wai seized, possessed, interested or entitled as Devisees and Executors of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and the Income or Produce of the fame, to any Person or Persons who should purchase the same, and to or to the Use of whom the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should direct the same to be conveyed, assigned, surrendered

or otherwise assured, or unto such Person or Persons as the hud Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward % or any Three of them, should directhe same to be conveyed, assigned, surrendered or otherwise assured, for the Purpose of felling or otherwise disposing of the same, and making the Value or Produce of the same available for the Objects of the said Indenture: And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that the Money payable for the Purchase of any Real or Personal Estate or Efie&s which should be fold under any of the Provisions of said Indenture, should be paid into the Bank of England, and that if the Estate or Effects so fold should be the Partnership Property, or the separate Property of the Parties thereto of the First Part, the same should be paid to the Account of the Parties thereto of the First Partand if the Estate or Effects so fold should be the Property of the Parties thereto of the Second Part, as Executoss or Devisees of the said Abraham Goldsmid, the same should be paid to the Account of the Parties thereto of the Second Part 5" and the Receipt of a by of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, for any of the said Sums

of Money, should effectually discharge the Person or Persons to whom the same should be given, from being obliged to fee to the Appli-

cation, or from being answerable for the Misapplication thereof:

1 4 And

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 75.

449

4 And it was thereby provided and declared, that both in respect to the Securities to be deposited, and the Sums to be paid into the Bank of England, as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned,

Care should be taken to distinguish those in which the Executors of the said Benjamin Goldsmid are interested from the others, and particularly the joint Property of the said late Partnership of the

laid Benjamin and Abraham Goldsmid, remaining in Specie at the Death of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and to have separate Accounts opened and kept for the same, and that the Deeds which Should be executed by the Parties thereto of the First Part, or the Parties thereto of the Second Part, or any of them, for the Purposes lad therein and hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, 1 (hoold contain such Covenants and Agreements by the Parties, or anjr of them, for the Title to the Property thereby conveyed, ' amgned or otherwise allured, and for the quiet Possession, free from Incumbrances, and further Assurance of the same, and all such other Covenants, Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements, as the said Thomas Batnbridge, Alexander Baring, William - Pb Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, Should

:; And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if in consequence of any Directions as (therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, the Real and Personal Ef-

tates therein and hereinbefore mentioned, or any Part thereof,

Should be conveyed and assigned by the said Parties thereto of the Yirft and Second Parts, or any of them, to Trustees upon Trult lor Sale, then the same Trustees Should stand and bepoflessed of and interested in the Monies arising by Sale of the said Estate and Efe&s, or any Part thereof, upon and for the Trusts, Intents and Poiposes which the same Monies would have been applicable unto in the Hands of the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, if such Sales had been effected by them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, but the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, WilluumJofepb Denison and George Ward, or 1 any of them, Should have ffll Power and Authority to remove the said Trustees, or any of them, and to substitute One or more Person or Persons in their or any of their Stead, or to act in Con- junction with them; And it wa9 thereby provided and agreed, that as between the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and the Estate and Effects of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, nothing therein expressed and contained Should be construed to alter or vary the In-1 teiefts of the said several Parties thereto of the First Part, and the Interest of the (hid Parties thereto of the Second Part, as Execotors and Devisees of the said Abraham Goldsmidand of the Par-

ties thereto of the Fourth Part, as the Executors of the said Benjemm Goldsmid, except that the Management of the Estate of the bid Abraham and Benjamin Goldsmid was to be carried on under the Trusts and Powers of the said Indenture; and that if any of the several Funds thereinbefore mentioned Should be resorted to -Out ofits Course, for any of the Purposea therein and hereinbefore men- boned, the Amount of what Should be so subtracted from it should beside good to it out of the Fund in Aid of which such Subtractiqg* should have been made; And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that in case of

4Jt>

C. 75. 52 GEO. III.

4 Difference or Difptrte, all unsettled Accounts, Reckonings and Transactions whatsoever between the Estates of the said Bey*'

min Goldsmid and the said Abraham Gold/mid, should, when and so osten, and so far as the circumstances of the case would adfcit,

4 be referred to the Arbitrament and Determination of Three Persons,

4 One of whom should be chosen by the said Inspectors orlnfpeftor \ 4 for the time being, and another by the Executors or Adminifba-

tors of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, and the Third by the Two Per.

fons who should be so first chosen, and that the said Arbitratou,

or any Two of them, should certify, by Writing under their Hindi, whether any and what Balance was in their Judgment due fromtk' 4 Estate and Effefs of the said Abraham Goldsmid to the Estate and Effects of the said Benjamin Goldsmidor from the Estate tad Effects of the said Benjamin Goldsmid to the Estate and Effects of' 4 the said Abraham Goldsmid, and such Certificate fhoald be binding,

' final and conclusive upon all the Parties thereto; and that if it Mi 4 be found that a Balance was due from the Estate and Effects of the said Alraham Goldsmid to the Estate and Effects of the said Bojamin Goldsmid, then the said Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, at such Executors of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, should be Credhoif on the separate Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldfmm for the Amount of the said Balance, and should be paid rateabtl and propositionally with the said Creditors on the said Fund: And was thereby further agreed and declared bet ween and by the Paxtki thereto, that in case the said Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, should find it necessary or deem it advisable to act under the Sand*

of a Court of Equity in carrying into Effect the proposed Arrangement for the Adjustment of the said unsettled Accounts, such of tltfj

Parties thereto who should be a necessary or proper Party to a Salt'

to be inllituted in the said Court for the Purpose aforesaid, should concur therein and promote the Obieft thereof, and that nothing the reiu contained should interfere With or in any manlier Operate against any Directions respecting th#rEstate of the said Benjamn Goldsmid, which in such a Suit or Otherwise should be given or made by any of His Majesty's Courts of Equity: And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if any of the Parties thereto of the First Part, should in the Judgment of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings WiBiam Jofefk

Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, make Default in performing all or any of the Covenants, Stipulations and Agreements therein and hereinbefore mentioned, which it was or should be incumbent on such Persons to perform, and the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward)

or any Three of them, should certify such Default by Writing under their Hands indorsed on the said Indenture, or a Duplicate thereof, such Certificate should be conclusive Evidence of the Fact,

and then immediately thenceforth every Article, Clause, Matteraud 1 Tiling the reinbefore contained, which restrain the said Creditors, or

any of them, from suing or inforcing Payment of their respectbe Debts from the Person 10 making Default, should cease, determine and he utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoeter; bnt nevertheless the Covenants and Agreements thereinbefore entered into by the Party making Default as aforesaid, should in respect to him and all Persons claiming under him, be in Alii Force and Eif&t,

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

75*

45*

but so as not to disturb the Arrangement thereby made or intended to be made of the Partnership or separate Property of such Person: And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that the Inspectors named therein and to be appointed as thereinafter was mentioned, (liquid keep or cause to be kept Minutes of all their Proceedings and Transactions in and about the Matters aforesaid, which should be accessible at all reasonable times to the said Creditors orany of them: And it was thereby further agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that it should be lawful for the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, to direct by what Number and by which One or more of them any of the Powers and Authorities thereinbefore giren to them might be exercised, except only in respect to the Powers and Authorities to the Exercise of which the Concurrences of Three or Two of them was thereinbefore made necessary; and farther, that it should be lawful for the said Inspectors for the time being, or any Three of them, to direct the Cods, Charges and Expences incurred previously to and attending the Execution thereof, and the Arrangement intended to be made thereby, and the Costs, Charges and Expences which should be incurred in the Execution of the Trusts and Purposes aforesaid, and out of which Fund the same should be paid; and to make such Allowance to the Parties thereto of the First Part, or to their respective Families, and to the family of the said Abraham Gold/mid, for their respective Mainte- mace and Support, as to the said Thomas Bain bridge, Alexander 1 Bering, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three cf 'tlttn, should seem reasonable, yet so that the Monies to be allowed in Maintenance to each of the Families and to the Family of the said Abraham Goldsmid, should be paid so far as might be practicable out of the separate Estate and Effects of the Party to whom, or to whose Family such Allowance should be made; And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, orany of them, or any Person to be chosen an Inspector in their or any of their Places or Stead, as therein and herein after is mentioned, should depart this Life, or decline to ad or become incapable of acting in the said inspector-ship, or desire any Person or Persons to be associated with them or him in the same, then and in such case, and so often as the same should happen, it should be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be an Inspector or Inspectors in the Place or Stead of the Person or Persons who should so die or decline or become incapable to act as aforesaid, or to ad in Conjunction with the Inspector or Inspectors for the time being; and that every Inspector so to be appointed as lastly hereinbefore mentioned should hare such and the like Powers and Authorities in every respect as 1 the Person in whose Room he should have been appointed, or in 1 Conjnn&ion with whom he should have been appointed 2 And it 1 thereby provided and agreed, tpat the Inspectors nominated thereby, and to be thereafter appointed as therein and hereinbefore 4 iu>eutioned, should not incur any Responsibility by their Direction 1 or Management of the Affairs intended to be put under their In- spedion, or be answerable or accountable for the Ad*, Negleds 52 GEO. JII. G g 4 or

45*

C. 7J.

5V GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

1 or Defaults of any Person employed by them; And that it should be lawful for the said Inspectors, out of the Monies which under

the Provisions of the said Indenture should be placed under their Direction and Controul, to retain to themselves and allow to the ' other or others of them, all Coils, Charges and Expences which they should sustain or be put to by reason or in consequence of the said Inspectorship or Management of the Affairs of the Cud Putai thereto of the First and Second Parts: And it was thereby agimi and declared, that in case any Question, Matter or Thing (houli

' in the Management, Regulation or Conduct of the PartneriWfllrj separato Estate and Effects of the said Parties thereto of the raflj* ' Part, or of the said Abraham Goldsmid, which was not expressly dt. 4 distinctly provided for thereby, or in case the Inspectors for the tiw 4 being under the said Indenture should not be able to determine:

agree, upon the Line of Conduit to bepurfued by them, or bvi said Parties thereto, or any of them, in the Matters and Tr 4 hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, then and in every such

and so often as the same should happen, it should be lawful for said Inspectors for the time being to call a Meeting of the Pa

thereto of the Fifth Part, or their respective Representativet,

4 Fourteen Days Notice in The London Gazette, and to submit ft Question, Matter or Thing, to the Consideration of the Pei"

who might be present at such Meeting, and that the Detei

tion of the major Part in Number and Value of the Creditors pi at such Meeting should be binding and conclusive on all P<

entitled to any Benefit under the said Indenture; and further,

' if any Question should arise on the true Construction of the fail denture, or any Clause or Provision therein contained, which* in Opinion of the Inspectors for the time being, (houkl appeardi

- 4 ful, it should be lawful to the said Inspectors to submit the Question to His Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General for time being; and in case of a Difference of Opinion between th then to the Opinion of some one Person appointed by the find M* 4 torney and Solicitor General, pm! the Decision so obtained fhodl be binding and conclusive on all Parties entitled to any BtaM

under the said Indenture: And lailly, the said Parties thereto

the First and Second Parts, did thereby declare and direct, that A

and every Persons and Person in whom any Real or PersonalEte whatsoever of the Parties thereto of the First Part, or any of tlMB* 4 or of them the said Parties thereto of the Second Part, as stat 4 cutors or Devisees of the said Abraham Goidfmrd, then wa^ or thereafter should or might be veiled for any Estate, Termor Is* 4 terest whatsoever, or who had or should have any Charge or Lien thereupon, should Hand and be possessed of and interested in tho

said Elate* Terms, Charges, Interests or Liens, upon Trust, tfr convey, assign and dispose of the same as the find Thomst Bmbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Dent Jon and

4 Ward, or any Three of them, should direH or appoint; and 4 Default of such Direction or Appointment, upon such TrufU 4 would be moil subservient to the Trusts, Intents and Purposo*

thereinbefore expressed and contained p and concerning the Umt and facilitate the Execution of the same: And whereas the Ar* 4 rangement intended or agreed to be made by the fuel Indenture of the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred*

and

52 GEO. III. C. 75.

453

greatly facilitate the Payment of the said Crown of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds,

>v reason thereof it is expedient and necessary that the said. lgement should be carried into Execution: May it therefore four Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present tern assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Indenture lenture of Five Parts, bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day confirmed. rnber One thousand eight hundred and ten, and all the Cove-d A greements, Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters and Things. vAj/.vi.ed and contained, shall be, and the same are hereby, confirmed and established: Provided always, that nothing 01 tained shall give Effect to any Clause contained in the said the said Abraham Gohlfmid, for settling the Balance of the: between them and his said Brother Benjamin Goldsmid, so toy such Clause may be prejudicial to the Interests of the r$ of either of them the said Benjamin or Abraham Goldsmid.

i it is hereby further enacted, That the said Sum of Four Debt due to the 2nd sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and every Claim

Crown dif-

nand of the Crown upon the Estate and Effects cj the said charS?<h Goldsmidy or of his laid respective surviving Partners on ac-he lame, shall be paid, discharged and liquidated upon the and Conditions, and in the manner and subject to the Power azance and other Regulations acceded to and ftipufeted for laid Right Honourable5^//c^r Perceval, and mentioned and in the said Indenture, according to the true Intent and Mean-lame, as if all such Terms, Conditions, Powers, Autho-3efeazances and Regulations were herein particularly and and separately enacted in this Act as they are in the said recited and set forth.

And be it further enacted, That the Purchaser or Purchasers Estatet and the Estate or Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmidy or of Effects fold Aaron Goldsmidy or of the said Thomas Aloxon, or of the said unkr Dircdiou* Salmons, under the Trulls or Directions of the said Inden- Indenture the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight d ten, paying his, her or their Purchase Money, and all Crown.

-inns whosoever paying Money, or transferring or delivering A, Funds or Securities, or other Effects what foe ver under Trails or Provisions, and in the manner prescribed by the same, any wife be liable to the Prerogative or other Rights or of the Crown, for or on account of the said Sum of Four d sixty fiX thousand seven hundred Pounds, or any Part and that all and every the Persons or Person whosoever to v Estates or Effects of the said Abraham Gohlfmid or his funriving Partners, shall be conveyed or assigned under the U.rettions of the said Indenture of the Twenty seventh Day ter.btr One thousand eight hundred and ten, and in the manner btd by the same, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Admi*

2nd Assigns, shall hold and enjoy the said Estate and Effects,

' ufthem, freed, acquitted and absolutely discharged of and aid Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven liun-Pwndi, and all Actions, Suits, Claims and Demands whntfo-fvnicli if this Act had not been made, His Majesty, his Heirs G g 2

A.D. 1812.

454 C-75, 76. 52 GEO. III.

Treasury to invert igate Conduct of Representatives of the late Abraham GoldsmidL

[Proviso.]

[Public Act.]

or Successors, might or could have in or upon the said Estate ad Effects or any of them, on account of the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, under any Statute, Law or Usage whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, at any time hereafter to investigate the Cooduft of the said Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Sedomm, and of the Personal Representatives of the said Abraham Goldjmi, -deceased, by such means as they shall deem proper, as to the Manage* j ment and Appropriation of the joint and separate Property of the " said late Partnerships, and of the Individuals com poling the same; and if upon such investigating the y shall approve and be fttitfied with such Condust, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three of them, by Writing under thar Hands and Seals, to declare and pronounce the said Aaron Go&- /mid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, as to their Persons tad future Property, and also the said Personal Representatives as Sack Representatives, acquitted and discharged of and from any futm Claim on the Part of His Majesty or any of his Successors, on accon or in respect of the said Debt or Sum of Four hundred and sixty fi thousand and seven hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as shall the remain due and unsatisfied; and it is hereby declared, that from as after such Declaration so to be signed and Sealed by the said Lori Commissioners, or any Three of them, the said Aaron Goldfm Thomas Moxon, and Nathan Salomons, as to their Persons and ratal Property, and also the said Personal Representatives as such Repn fentatives, shall be as fully and effectually discharged, to all Ioted and Purposes, from the said Debt or Sum of Four hundred and fixl six thousand and Seven hundred Pounds, as if the same had been fufl paid and Satisfied; any Statute or Law to the contrary thereof j any wise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing here! contained shall be construed, deemed or taken to limit or affect tfc Right of His Majesty as to the Property, Estate and Effects conveyed and assigned by the said Indenture of the Twenty Seventh Dt of November One thousand eight hundred and ten, or mentioned on intended so to be.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed?} adjudged and taken to be a Public# Act, and shall be judicially*} taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without^ specially pleading the same. j

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

[1st July i8ji.]

ff O.3. c. 116.*WHEREAS by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further 1 Provision for the Execution of the fevered ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commf

sioners of Customs and Port Dufies, and of the Commissioners of h+*

land Excise and Taxes in Ireland, it is enacted, that no Surcharge

shall be made on account of any short Charge of Duty payable on < the Importation of any Goods, Warts or Merchandizes imported

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 7 6.

455

' wto or exported oat of Ireland, at any time after the passing of the said Act, upon the Person or Persons who shall have imported the Tame, at any time after the Expiration of Four Calendar

Months next after the Entry made thereof, on which any Duty

shall have been computed and paid, whether the same shall be an

Entry either inwards or outwards, or a Prime or Port Entry, or an

Entry of Goods in Warehouse, but that all Surcharges of Duty in respect of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported or

exported shall be made within Four Calendar Months next after % such Entry, Computation and Payment as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Provision Should be repealed,

and other Provisions made in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ' '

Jame, That the said recited Provision shall be and the same is hereby Repealed, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall at any Manner of rec-time have been committed in any Entry of Goods, Wares or Mer- tifying Errors in thandize imported into or exported out of Ireland, by the including Enu7 of Goods or charging therein a greater or less Quantity of such Goods, Wares #r Merchandize, or a greater or lefTer Amount of Duty than ought^j)uty. mUnt tphave been included or charged, it shall and may be lawful for the Eliminator of Customs, and he is hereby required to rectify the same m speedily as may be convenient after such Entry shall have been mdr, and to report the same to the Commissioners of Customs md Port Duties in Ireland, and if it shall appear that the Amount Duty charged in any such Entry against any Importer or Ex-

Ker was greater than the same ought to have been, it shall be ol for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to make an Allowance forthwith to such Importer or Exporter of the Amount of Duty so overcharged, and i it shall appear that the Amount of Duty charged in any such Entry against any Importer or Exporter was less than the same ought to ^ave been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to cause Notice signed by any One of the said Commissioners or by their Secretary on their Behalf, to be given to such Importer or Exporter of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Entry, and if such Importer or Exporter shall not within One Month after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties why he should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency or some Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the Customs at the;

Port into or from which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been imported or exported, of the Amount of such Deficiency with which the said Commissioners shall have adjudged him to be chargeable, and the Duty specified in such Return shall be a Surcharge on such Importer or Exporter, and if such Exporter or Im-. porter shall not upon Demand or within Ten Days next after pay the hill Amount of such Duty so surchargeA* such Importer or Ex-

Srter shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to v Penalty, aabkthe Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and fur*

G g 3 charged,

4S<5

C. 76.

51 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Merchants having Goods wjie-housed to attend on receiving*Notice.

Carmen or Coopers plying on Custom House Quays lo have Badges of Approbation.

[Penalty.]

Penalties how levied.

14 & 15 Car. JU (I.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

charged, provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Importer or Exporter unless it shall have been made within Foot Calendar Months, and the Amount thereof demanded within Nil 'Calendar Months after the Date of the original Entry.

III. And whereas under and by virtue of the Laws now in force in Ireland, certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imports

inter Ireland, are permitted and allowed to be warehoused and fatM

in His Majesty's Warehouse* and Stores at certain Ports in Irclm

under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant: Ai

whereas great Inconvenience has arisen to the Revenue from tk

Merchants not attending to open their Locks when required (otj

do Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fa the Storekeeper of His Majesty's Stores in such Ports as aforesai' whenever it shall be judged expedient so to tlo, to cause Twen four Hours Notice in Writing to be left at the usual Place of Abode any Merchant Who shall have warehoused any Goods as aforesai requiring such Merchant to attend at such Warehouse or Store a certain time in such Notice to be specified, and to opeo his Lock Lock?, and in Default of such Merchant's attending add opening hi Lock or Locks pbrfoant to fbch1 Notice, theri and in such case it*and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port ties in Ireland, or any Three of thetni to direct such Storekt

to remove or cause to be removed thb Lock or Locks of such

chants so neglecting to attend and opeii such Lock or Locks aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful

any Person to ply or aft as Garmah or Cooler on the Custom I Quays of the Ports of Dublin Or 'Cork, orm the Stores of the Custom House*, or either of them, until stich Period (half be approved of by the Surveyors of the &ld Quays or Stores i*f| tively, and receive from them, in Testimony of such T^pprobatioci Badge signifying the same, which Badge Audi bb delivered ew such Penon without Fee br Reward; and if'any Person shall p\f aft as7 Carman or Cooper on the said Quays, or eftfte^' of them, fa any of the said Stores until badge? dr approved of as aFofefa such Person being thereof convictecf before anV Magiftfafa' of ilfij Cities of Dublin and Cork respectively, shall forfeit tile Sofa of Ti# Pounds, and in Default of Payment of the said Sum shall be idi prisoned for One Month without Bail or Mainprize. 1*'I

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and

Forfeitures un^er this Act, except fuen as are specifcfly provided fof} shall be levied and paid m Brhish Currency, and Audible sued'foh recovered and applied'in the same manner and un'dft such PoWeriand Authorities and by such Ways arid' means'and kccordfag^tb such Rules and Directions as are appointed, ditefted and expressed M levying or recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures hi1 and bf lb Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and 'Fifteenth Years' of H late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the fettBnt of the Excise or new Impost upon His Mnjessy, his Hors and Suitef firs, actor ding to the Book of Rates therein inf tried; or m and by an Act made fa the Forty sixth Year of His present MajestyYReign, intituled An Act so provide for the better Execution of At fractal Act* relating to the Revenues* Matters and Things under the Manage* merit of the ContmiffontrsOf Cujhmt and Fort Duties, ascii of the .-.'r. - -i\k ^<m*tffmen

4S7

2 GEO. III. C. 76, 77.

Gmmtfomers of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by wy other Act or Act* in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues afCustoms and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to ill Iotents and Purposes as if the same were herein expressed and aacted, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties Appeal, iggrieyed, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth nd Fifteenth Years or His late Majesty King Charles the Second,

>r any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commencement tod take Effect immediately from and after the Expiration of One of Att. Calendar Month next after the passing thereof, and not sooner, except a cases where any other Period is expressly mentioned for the Com*

Bencement of any Clause or Provision hereinbefore contained.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glass \ for charging an additional Countervailing Duty on Flint and Crown Glass imported from Ireland\ and for the better Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass on Drawback.

[ill July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the additional Drawback, and impose the additional Countervailing Duties herein-

after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be allowed the following additional

Drawbacks, for and in respect of the several Sorts of Glass herein after Exportation of

mentioned respectively made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, Glass.

and imported directly into Great Britain, for which all the Duties

imposed for or in respect thereof respectively shall have been paid,

and which shall after the passing of this Act be duly exported to

Foreign Parts as Merchandize; that is to say.

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively so made, paid Duty for, and exported, the additional 80m of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence:

And for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass so made, pad Duty for, and exported, not being Spread Glassr and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, an additional Sum of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny:

And so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity of the said several Sorts of Glass respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing p ... of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional Countervailing 6utics of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, an additional Countervailing Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence; and so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity

And for every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, and commonly called or known by the

G g 4 Name

45 8

A.D. 1812.

Duties under Commissioners of Excil'e.

Duties paid into Exchequer.

Drawbacks paid according to Regulations pre-Icribfed by 26 G. 3. c. 77.

3.

Perjury.

Regulations for packing of Glifstu entitle to Drawback.

C. 77. 52 GEO. III.

Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glassy made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, an additional Countervailing Duty of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny

And 10 in Proposition for any greater or lets Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the CountervaOxag Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scot laid, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise ia Scotland for the time being 5 and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions by any Act or Acts of Parliament 1a force relating to the Payment of the Countervailing Duties of Excise, for or in respect of any Goods or Commodities made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies anting by the Countervailing Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain

V. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Draw, backs shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise by Law imposed, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, J among other things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, or by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback, Cave and except that in lieu and inllead of the Oath required by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid to be made by the Exporter, that he believes the Duties upon the Materials to have been fully paid, the Exporter shall make Oath that he believes the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Flint Glass, Phial Glass, Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass respectively intended to be exported, to have been fully paid, (and which said lad mentioned Oath the proper Surveyor or Supervisor or Officer of Excise is hereby authorised and empowered to administer); and any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any case in which the said lad mentioned Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Glass whatsoever made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, shall be packed for Exportation on Drawback, in any Crate or other Package made or condruded with any void Space or Spaces in or between the component Parts thereof, or any of them, but all such Glass shall be packed for Exportation in Casks, Boxes or Chefls only, and in which the Exporter shall, previous to the packing of such Glass therein, have cut or sunk, or cause to be cut or sunk, a sufficient Number of Circular Cavities, each thereof uot less than a Quarter of an Iqch, nor more than Half an Inch in Depth, and

16 nut

1

459

1* GEO. III. C. 77.

not leig than One Inch nor more than an Inch and Half in Diameter, to receive the Seal directed by the said Act of the Twenty sixth 26 G.j. c. 77. Year of His present Majesty's Reign to be put on such Package, $ 3-and for the Purpose of protecting such Seal from being destroyed, defaced, broken or damaged; and where any such Glass shall be packed for Exportation, in any Calk, Box or Ched, each such Cavity shall be cut or sunk, One Part thereof on the Edge of the Lid or Cover, and the other on the Side of such Box or Ched, so that each such Seal may be conveniently placed by the proper Officer of Excise, Part on the Wood of such Lid or Cover, and the Residue on the Wood of the Side of each such Box or Ched; and no Drawback shall be paid or allowed for or in respect of any Glass not packed in a Calk, Box or Ched as aforesaid, nor for or in respect of any Glass packed in any Box or Ched not having a sufficient Number of such Cavities as aforesaid; any thing in any Ador Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit the packing of Whole or Half Tables of Spread Glass, or of Crown Glass, or any Common Bottles made of Common Bottle Metal, in any Crate or other Package whatsoever; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Fraudulently shall lay, place or deposit, or cause to be laid, placed or deposited packing GUs. any. Brick, Stone or other heavy Subdance other than Flint Glass

or Phial Glass or Broad Glass or Crown Glass, in any Calk, Box or Ched containing Flint Glass, Phial Glass, Broad &lafs or Crown Glad respectively, packing or packed for Exportation on Drawback, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Penalty, and every such Calk, Box or Ched, together with all such Glass,

Brick, Stone or other heavy Subdance as aforesaid contained therein shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Alteiing any shall cut out, erase, obliterate, deface, alter or damage any, Figure,

Letter or Mark, cut, written, painted, burnt or made on any Calk, height,

Box or Ched containing Glals for Exportation, expressing or denoting the Weight or Tare of such Calk, Box or Ched, or the Weijpit of the Glass contained therein, or the Time or Place of the packing thereof, or the Number of such Calk, Box or Ched, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Penalty, hundred Pounds, and every such Calk, Box or Ched, together with the Glass therein contained, shall be forfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Package branded to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise at the Port of better* Exportation, and he and they is and are hereby required, either officer" before or after the shipping of any Calk, Box or Ched of Glass for Exportation, to brand, bum or mark every such Calk, Box or Ched

with the Letters E. G.; and if any such Calk, Box or Clied of Glass, which shall be branded on Shore, shall not, within Twelve Hours next after the branding thereof, be shipped and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is intended to be exported, or if any Calk, Box or Ched of Glass so branded (either on Shore

or

C. 77.

5a0 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

I, shall be found on Land after the Expiration of Dm the time when such Glass was origintHy

[Penalty.]

Altering such

Letters.

[Penalty.]

Glass entered and shipped within 11 Months after packing for Exportation.

Commissioners of Excise may permit Repack-

or on Shii

Twelve Months ____ ____

packed for Exportation, then and in every such case the same mall hi forfeited and if any Person or Persons shall cut out, erase, obliterate, deface, alter or damage such Letters, or either of them, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds*

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passinz of this Act, no Debenture shall be made out, nor shall any Excise Drawback be paid or allowed to the Exporter for or in respect of any Glass whatsoever made in Great Britain or made in Ireland, and exported from Great Britain, unless the same shall be duly entered for Exportation, and actually shipped on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be intended to be exported within the Space of Twelve Months from the time when such Glass shall have been originally packed for Exportation, in pursuance of the Rules and Regulations in that Behalf contained and provided in and by the said Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of His said Majesty, s Reign: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to ex--.elude from the said Drawback any such Glass not so entered for

tion of ix Exportation within the said lad mentioned Space of time, and which

Months, Ac the Commissioners of Excise, being satisfied that the Export Seals, Tapes and Fastenings of the Caflc, Box or Chest containing the same, remain perfect, entire and unbroken, and that such Calk, Box or Chest has not been opened or any of the Glass withdrawn or taken from or out of the lame, shall permit or suffer to be repacked for Exportation, and which be accordingly repacked for Exportation, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained and provided in and by the said Act, made in the 77. J Twenty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and this Act, for

and in respect of the original packing thereof; and all and finfeular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, shall be used, applied and put in Execution for and in such repacking, as folly and effectuallyto Intentsnd Purposes, as if the same respectively had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and thereby expressly applied to every or any such repacking; and all and singular the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, or by this Act, imposed or created for any Breach of or Disobedience to any or either of the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions or Provisions shall be used, applied and put m Execution for any Breach of or Disobedience to the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions or Provisions respectively, for and ip respect of any such Glass so repacked; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CUT* psdwd be*

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act fore puling Act, contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to preentitled to vent the making out of any Debenture for, or the Payment of any Drawback for or in refjpeft of anV Glass shipped for Exportation on board any Ship or Vessel in which the same is on such Shipment intended to be exported, more than the Space of Twelve Months from the time when such Glass shall have been originally packed for Exportation, provided such original packing shall have taken place before the patting of this Act.

a6 G. 3. c.

13-

Drawback.

A.D. 181a. 52 GEO. in C. 77, 78. 46 f

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied levied, See. or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws ol Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to make better Provision for the Commissioners of

Appeal in Revenue Causes in Ireland.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Salaries of the Commissioners of Appeals in

Revenue Causes in Ireland are inadequate to the Import-

ance of their Offices 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- A.Salary foment assembled, and by the Authority of the same That, from and after the passing of this Act* there shall be issued, paid and applied each Com-in every Year out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, to each and missioner of every of the Commissioners of Appeals in Revenge Causes in Ireland^ Appeal, a yearly Salary or Sum of Eight hundred Pounds net in lieu and kistead of all Salaries and Allowances now payable to any and every such Commissioners of Appeals out of the said Consolidated Fqnd, at otherwise howsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Addition to thq Payments Payment com* respectively issued and paid to the several Commissioners of Appeaf puted from on the Twenty fifth Day of itlarch One thousand eight hundred and Dcc* aIxII# twelve, or at any time subsequent to that Period and before the piling of this Act, under any Law or Usage in force before the puffing of this Act, there shall be issued to each of them respectively dot of the said Consolidated Fund such Sum or Sums of Money as wist make up'each of such Payments respectively to the Sum and Slims which eadh of the said Commissioneb would Have been entitled t<f If'tSii'Act had been in force on the Twenty fifth D, ay of Decern-hr One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Annuities' for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent Cr.a"ted tQ Com-rnider the 'Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Person Resignation^noc vW at any time previous to the passing of this Act ipay or shall have exceeding 500k executed, or at any time after the puffing of this Act may or shall etteute the Oflfece of a Commissioner of Appeals In Revenue Causes in Irelandf and shall resign the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; the said fevctal Annuities to commence from and after the Day of which the Person to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid, shall have resigned fiis said Office, ' and to continue from thenceforth for and during the Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland

Provrfo.

Commissions to continue during good Behaviour of Per-&>ds appointed.

BritBh Plantation Sugar, &c. imported into Bermuda in British bhips exported to America in Foreign Vessels above 60 Tons.

Tobacco and other Articles may be imported Irani thence notwithstanding.

in such Order of Payment and at such Days and Times as the Salaries of the said Commissioners of Appeals are by Law payable, and shall be paid without any Deduction for Pells or Poundage, or otherwise: Provided always, that no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money granted to any Person having executed the said Office of Commissioner of Appeals shall be valid, unless such Person shall have continued in such Office of Commissioner of Appeals for the Period of Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in such Grant.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Commission which shall be issued at any time after the passing of this Act for the Appointment of any Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners of Appeals in Revenue Causes in Ireland, shall be made to continue during the good Behaviour Of the Person or Persons so to be appointed.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to allow British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to permit Articles, the Production of the said United States, to be imported mto the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow Sugar and Coffee, the

W Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in the West In-

diest imported into the Island of Bermuda in British Ships or Vessels, to be exported from the Port of Saint George in the said

Island to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign.

Ships or Vessels; and to allow certain Articles of the Growth or

Production of the Territories of the said United States to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels, and to be re exported from thence in British-built Ships or Vessels to British Islands in the West Indies ft Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, imported into the Island of Bermuda in any British Ship or Vessel, to be exported from the Port of Saint George in the said Island of Bermuda to any Part of the Territories of the United States of America, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty, above the Burthen of Sixty Tons; any Law now in force to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Mads, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards and Plank, Timber, Shingles and Lumber of any Sort, Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep,. Hogs, Poultry and Live Stock of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peale, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley and Grain of any Sort, such Commodities being of the Growth or Production of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, from the said

said Territories to the Port of Saint George in the Island of Bermuda, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty; any thing in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of Jits Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India lstands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Subjects to export any of the Articles before enumerated, which shall have been imported in any Foreign Ship or Vessel from the Territories of the United States into the I (land of Bermuda from the said Port of Saint George, to any of His Majesty's islands or Dominions in the West Indies, in Britishf built Ships and Vessels, owned and navigated according to Law.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for eitending the Period in which Deeds were directed to be enrolled by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending several Acts for the Redemption and

Sale of the Land Tax.

[iff: July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend ' several Acts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax9 it was enacted, that all Deeds required by the several Acts therein referred to or by any other Acts relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax to be enrolled or registered, should be valid and effectual, al-

though the same should not have been or should not be enrolled or' registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respec-' lively, provided the same should have been registered before the passing of that Act, or should be enrolled or registered within 1 Twelve Calendar Months after the passing thereof: And whereas the time limited by the said Act having expired, and it being expedient to make rrovisions for the Enrolment or Registry of

Deeds which have not been duly enrolled or registered pursuant to

the Directions thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Deeds required by the said Act or any other Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax to be enrolled or registered shall be valid and effectual although the same shall not have been or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respectively; provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or re-giitfred within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing thereof.

4<S3

a8 G. 3. c. 6.

Articles To imported, exported to West Indies ia British Vdfels.

50 G.3. 53-

Time for the kiA. rollment of DeedJ extended

A.D. 1812.

464 e.; 8i. 5 20 Geo. nr.

CAP. LM.

490.5.C. 96.

Fund for super-

aLnuatedOfficers

vbofished,

and Money cr

leased paid into

Exchequer.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninttt^ear of His present Majesty, for providing a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions. 1tt July 1811.]

WHEREAS in purfuince of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to9the Officers of Excise under certain RcJlriQion^y the Commissionen9of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, have vested in the Purchase of certain Shares, amounting in the Whole to Seventy9three thousand nine hundred Pounds Stock in the Three founds per Centum per Annism Consolidated Annuities, the same being Oneof the Joint Stocks of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of ' England, divers Sums. of lSloney f which have been deducted out of the Salaries of the Officers of Excise for the Relief and Support*of superannuated and worn-out Inferior Officera of Excise, and the said Shares of and in such Joint Stock have been transferred*to the Account, and kppt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Shares of the Tru flees of the Fufid for the Reljef and Support of superanmiated pr worn- out Inferior Officers of Excise, mentioned in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient, that the said Shares should be sold by the said Trustees, and the Monies arising from such Sale, and any Sum or Sums of Money >vhieh shall have already been or shall before the passing of this Act be cbllefteS, deducted or received, for t^e, Relief and Support of such superannuated ojr worn-out Inferior9Officers of Excise as aforesaid, should be, carried to the Account of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be paid into the Receipt9of the Exchequer under tha^ Head, ' ^nJ that all Payments, Pen-, 9(ions a'nd Allowances, t6 fuWerannuated or worn-out Inferior9^Officers of Excise, ffibuld in future be paiA out of the Consolidated.*Duties of Excise, and be pfVargecl to the* Account of Incidents of that Department; Be it therefore enacted by the King's itqfl Excellent Majesty, by atia with the Advice and Consent the Lords Spiritual and TempdraT, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That np. Deduction shall hereafter be made out of the Salary of any Offset or Officers of Excise', for the Relief or Support of the Inferiof Officers of Excise when superannuafeA or worn-out, and that, / from and after the Fifth Day of January last? the said Fund for the Relief and Stlppbrt of.superannuat'edor worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise (half be abolished, and all Mdiuea which shall hive been dedusted, received or colTeftecr, foVthe Relief o? Support of fuph fu person Mated or worh-out Inferior 6fficefs of Excise as aforesaidr whether such Monies fhdTl have been vested in the Purchase of any Share or Shares m any of the said Joint Stocks of Annuities, or have been transferred to the Account, and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Share or Shares of the Trullce* of the said Fund of and in any such Joint Stock or Stocks, or remain in the Hands of any Person or Persons whatever, shall be paid over to the Commissioners of Excise in England, and be by them paid

465

52 GEO. IQ. pG 8i, 82;

into the Receipt of Exchequer, under the Head of same or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and for which Purpose the said Trustees mentioned in the said Act are hereby authorised and required to fell the said Shares of the said Joint Stock, and that all Montes which shall or may already have been deducted, received or collected, for the Relief or Support of such superannuated or worn-out Officers as aforesaid, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come to the Hands of arty Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be paid to the said Cumdiissioners of Excise, and be by them paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Heads of the Consolidated Duties of Excise} some or one of them; and that all Payments/ penfioo* and Pensions and Allowances, to superaiinuated or worn-out inferior Allowances paid Officers of Excise, heretofore paid out of the said Fund, shall be out of Duties of paid out of some or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Excise; any Law,

Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for transferring the Scotch Excise Charity and Superannuation Funds to the Consolidated Fund, and paying all future Allowances from the latter Ftind, and for making Provision for cettain superannuated Officers of Excise in England and Scotland\ [ 1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS by virtue of a Warrant granted by the Lords Warrant

Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date 19th June 1714.

the Nineteenth Day of Julie One thousand seven hundred and twenty four, enabling the Commissionm of His Majesty's Board 1 of Excise in Scotland by a Deduction of Three pence in the Pound* from the Amount of the Salaries of Collectors, Supervisors and ' Officers employed in collecting the Revenues of Excise in North*Britain, to cause and establish a Fund entitled The Charity Fund,

for the Relief of such Collectort, Supervisors and Officers, the said Commissioness of Excise in Scotland or the major Part of them ' have vested in the Purchase of Five thousand six hundred Pounds ' Seventeen Shillings and Seven pence Three Pounds per Centum 1 Bank Annuities, and in the Purchase of Three thousand Pounds Navy Five Pounds pet Centum Annuities, divers Sums of Money which have been deducted out of the Salaries of the Officers of*Excise, and the said Shares of and in such Joint Stocks as aforesaid have been transferred to the Account and kept in the Names of the Trustees of the said Fiffid, for the Relief and Support of the ' Officers of Excise mentioned in the said Warrant, and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, have aHo placed out at 1 Intereston Bond at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, ' the several Sums of Two thousarfd Pounds and Five hundred 1 Pounds, which said Sums were deducted in manner before mentioned, and the said Commissioners have also vested in the Purchase 1 of the Sum of Three thousand four hundred Pounds Stock in the ' Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, divers Sums of*Money deducted out of the Salaries of the Commanders and Cut- terfmen of the Water Guard Excise Establishment, and the said Share of and in the said Joint Stock has beeu in like manner

trans-

Fund for Relief of Superannuated t)fficer* abolished, and Money paid into Exchequer.

Fenfuros and Allowances paid out of Duties of Excise.

transferred to the Account and kept in the Names of the Trustees of the said Fund for the Relief and Support of the Persons contributing the reto: And whereas it is expedient that the said Sham

should be sold by the said Trustees respectively, and that the Monies arising from such Sale, together with all Moniea which

before the pamng of this Act shall have been received and placed to Account of the said Fund, should be carried to the Account of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under that Head, and also that the said respective Sums of Two thousand Pounds and Five hundred Pounds together with the Interest arising therefrom, so soon as the Bonds given for the Payment of the same are discharged, and such Interest as thereupon shall in the mean time be payable should be carried to Account and paid in manner before mentioned; and that all Payments, Pensions and Allowances to superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise, should in future be paid out of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be charged to the Account of Incidents of that Department Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Deduction shall hereafter be made out of the Salary of any Officer or Officers of Excise for the Relief or Support of the Inferior Officers of Excise when superannuated or worn out; and that, from and after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Fund for the Relief and Support of superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise shall be abolished, and all Monies which shall have been deduced, received or collected for the Relief or Support of such superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise as aforesaid, whether such Monies shall have been vested in the Purchase of any Share or Shares in any of the said Joint Stocks of Annuities, or have been transferred to the Account and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Share or Shares of the Trustees of the said Fund, of and in any such Joint Stock or Stocks, or shall be in any manner veiled with or remain in the Hands of any Person or Persons whatever, shall be paid over to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and be by them paid into the Receipt of Exchequer under the Head of some or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and for which Purpose the said Trustees mentioned in the said Act are hereby authorised and required to fell the said Shares of the said Joint Stocks; and that all Monies which shall or may have already been deducted, received or collected for the Relief or Support of such superannuated or worn-out Officers as aforesaid, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come to the Hands of any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be paid to the said Commissioners of Excise, and be by them paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Heads of the Consolidated Duties of Excise some or One of them; and that all Payments, Pensions and Allowances to superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise, heretofore paid out of the said Fund, shall be paid out of same or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Excise; any Law, Cuilom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

181a GEO. III. C. 82, 83.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Com-aers of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of by Warrant under their Hands, to grant and allow out of the we of Excise of England and Scotland respectively, to any r or other Person who shall have been employed in the said ue for and during the Space of Seven Years but less than Ten, and from whole Salary Deductions shall for and during the of Seven Years at the lead have been made for the Relief and >rt of the Inferior Officers of Excise when superannuated or out, and who shall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable >perly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a n, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding One Third Part Salary and Emoluments of his Office.

And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended,

I or repealed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be made in rfent Session of Parliament,

CAP. LXXXIII. ft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of 1rcb One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend nuch of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth it of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to jutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, embodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act passed in the Thirty / ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, led An Act for granting* until the Twenty fifth Day of March thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, ant Majors and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act Vu Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling His efiy to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers the Militia under certain ReJlriQions, which has been revived continued by several subsequent Acts until the Twenty fifth of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, should be a revived and further continued, so far as the same relates*to utants and Serjeant Majors; Be it therefore enacted by the 1 Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this t Parliament aflerabled, and by the Authority of the same, the said recited Act and the Allowances therein granted and d to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of )ne thousand eight hundred and twelve, and be further con-mtil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight and thirteen, so far as the same relates to Adjutants and Majors s and that all such and the like Allowances as would ra payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, aid Act and Allowances had been continued by any Act of ent before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand aodred and twelve, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears Geo. III. H h thereof

L

467

Treasury may allow Petitions to Officers lerv-ing a limited time and becoming infirm.

Act altered, Ice.

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. 44.

Revived and continued as re. spefts Adjutants, ice.

4(58

A.D. 1812.

C. 83  87.

52 GEO. III.

Reduced Adjutants entitled to Pay as well as Allowance.

[Proviso.]

thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every respcd as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under this Act may receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such Commission, or Half Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[1st July 1812.]

[This A3> except the Dates, is in all respects similar to 51 G. 3. c, 109 ]

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two millions fire hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[1st July 1812.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain) for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

Treasury may raise jC5, oooo, oooo by Exchequer Bills, in manner u prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.  1, 2. Treasury to apply the Money raisea. 3. Principal of said Bills charged on First Sup plies in next Session. {4. Interest thereon of 3^d.^r Cent.ftr t Diem- 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, See. alter u April 5, 1813. 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 44 ^5, 000, 000 on the Credit of this Act, not with Handing e & 6 44 W. & M. c. 20.  } 7.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and ti grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring thi Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates and Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and

upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and to confer'

dal

1

52 GEO. III. C. 87. 4 6y

date and Amplify the same, and to grant other Duties in lieu

thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That all and Angular the Duties Stamp Duties under the Care of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and ^pealed, Stc all Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland\ save and except only the Exception. Duties on Lottery Licences) shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, cease and determine: Provided always, that nothing 'proviso. herein contained shall prevent or be in any wise deemed, taken or construed to prevent the recovering, allowing or paying, at any time after the Commencement of this Act, of any Arrears of Duty or Allowances which shall then remain unpaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Stamp Duties mencement of this Act, in lieu and inllead of the said Duties and Al- described in lowances by this Act repealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied, Schedules collected and paid in Ireland, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- eviC cessors, for and in respect of the several Infl.rument6, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated and described in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.), and that there shall be made, allowed and paid for or in respect of all such Articles, Matters or Things as are inserted, enumerated and described in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, the several Allowances or Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule marked (C.); Allowace* spe-any thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary not- cified 'n ^che-withstanding; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or C^O given in the Nature of Discount or Allowance in the Purchase of Stamps, other than such as is and are expressed and directed in the said Schedule marked (C.); any thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and that the said Schedules, and each and every of them, and every Matter and Thing therein respectively contained, shall be deemed, taken and considered as Part of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Instead of mencement of this* Ad, the Duties of Excise made payable in Ireland Duties on Card* by virtue of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present and J)ice^umkr Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act to grant to His Majesty certain In- c/i8.*thoie\pecl-Lad Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Draw- fied in Schedule lochs in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and (B.) paid, j.Drawbacks on Cards and Dice made or manufactured or vended in: Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed (except only so far as relates to any Countervailing Duty on Cards and Dice made I or manufactured in Great Britain and imported into Ireland), and the Duties of Stamps on such Cards and Dice in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, specified, mentioned and contained, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be paid and payable in lieu and instead of any Duties on such Cards and Dice under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Licence to fell Spi- uceT1CM to on'ntuous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin Spirituous Li-

H h a or nuors-

470

A.D. 181l

[Proviso.]

Duties and Allowances payable in British Currency, except Fractions.

Duties under Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

Duties paid to Receiver General, and by him to Exchequer.

Half of Duties on Admission of Students, &c. accounted for to Treasurer of Society of &ng*inns.

c. 87. 52 GEO. ur.

or Mead* by Retail, the Stamp Duty whereon shall eiceed the Sara of Eleven Pounds, shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, great or small, without any further or other Licence: Provided always, that do Person, the Stamp Duty on the Licence to whom to fell such Liquors by Retail shall be less than Twenty two Pounds, shall be authorised by such Licence to fell Spirits in any Quantities exceeding Two Galions, but that if any such Person on whose Licence any such Stamp Duty less than Twenty two Pounds shall be paid, shall pay such additional Stamp Duty as shall make the whole Stamp Duty paid by such Person amount to Twenty two Pounds, such Person shall be authorised to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever great or small without any further or other Licence: Provided also, that no Licence whatever shall authorize any Person not being a Retailer or Grocer to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Two Galions, nor shall authorize any Grocer to fell in Quantities less than Two reputed Quarts, nor shall authorize any Person not being licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and not being a Distiller or Importer of Spirits, to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Fifty Gallons.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances; by this Act granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable j according to the Amount thereof in Britt/b Currency, except only such of the said Duties as are under the Sum of Six pence, or be* tween the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling; and that in all cases where any Duties of Stamps or any Allowances in respect thereof are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, or such Allowances are made, such Amount shall be estimated in British Currency, except where it is otherwise expressly directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Duties hereby granted shall be paid from time to time by the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Ireland, and to no other Person whatever; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Receiver General shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same being deduced) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at such times, and in such manner as the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper are by Law directed to be paid; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause to be kept a distinct Account of One Half or Moiety of the Money arising from the respecthre Duties of Twenty Pounds in the said Schedule (A.) mentioned, on the Admission of any Student into the Society of king's Inns, and on the Admission of any Barrister into the Inns of Court 5 and of the Sum of Seven Pounds, Part of the Duty of Fifty Pounds in

the

A.D. 18n. 52 GEO. III. C. 87. 471

the said Schedule mentioned* upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney; and that the Receiver General of the Duties hereby granted shall pay the same at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer 5 and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall cause the said Moiety of the said Duty of Twenty Pounds, and the said Proposition of the said Duty of Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King's Inns, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Legacy given Legacies for for the Education or Maintenance of poor Children in Ireland, or Charitable pur-to be applied in the Support of any public charitable Institution poses exempted, in Irelandt shall be liable to any Duty on Legacies under this Act

and that no Legacy conliiling of Books, Prints, Pictures, Statues,

Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural History or other specific Articles, which shall be given or bequeathed to or inTruft for any Body Corporate, whether aggregate or foie, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preserved by such Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purposes of Sale,

shall be liable to any Duty imposed on Legacies under this Act.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend What Adver-to charge with any of the Duties imposed in Schedule (B.) of this tisements, &t. Ad, on Advertisements, any Advertisements published by the Panted by Trustees of Hospitals relative to the Business of such Hospitals; i; abicoDuty dot to charge with any of the Duties imposed in the said Schedule

od Pamphlets, any Act of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Council, Form of Prayer and Thanksgiving, or any Act of State which shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be printed or published, or any Votes or other Matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament, or any Books commonly used in any of the Schools of Ireland, or any Books containing only Matters of Devotion and Piety, or any Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported, so as such daily Accounts or such Bills of Goods imported or exported do contain no other Matter than Accounts of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and the Particulars relating to such Imports and Exports, and so as the same be printed and published by such Person or Persons as shall be authorised thereto by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Duties by this Bills and Notes Act imposed on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes and Drafts or payable to Besrex Orders for Payment of Money, shall not be charged on any Draft on Demand, noi or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand payable to Bearer, 10

drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, or Person acting as a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Draft pr Order shall be actually drawn and issued, except only so far as the same are expressly charged by the Schedule to this Act annexed; provided such Place shall be specified in such Draft or Order, and provided that such Draft or Order shall bear Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be issued, and provided the same do not diredfc the Payment to be made by Bills or Promissory Notes.

Hh j XII. And

47*

A.D. 1812.

Two Stamp Duties paid for a Lease,here a Rent is reserved and a l ine paid.

What shall be deemed a Charter Party.

Regulations under Ah for Management of Duty on Cards and Dice repealed, &c.

Cards and Dice to be sealed and stamped.

[Penalty.]

Stamp Matters for Cards and Dice appointed in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.

C. 87. 52 GEO. III.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That where a Rent shall be reserved in any Lease, and also a Fine paid thereon, such Lease shall be liable to Two Stamp Duties, one according to the Amount of such Rent, and the other according to the Amount of such Fine, as the same are specified and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Deed, Instrument, Note, Memorandum, Letter or other Muniment in Writing beween the Captain, Matter or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any Merchant, Trader or other Person in respect to the Freight or Conveyance of any Goods, Money, Wares, Merchandize or Effects, laden or to be laden on board of any Ship or Vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a Charter Party, within the Meaning of this Act.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice in Ireland, should be transferred

from the Care of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in

Ireland, and should be placed under the Care of the Commissioners of

Stamp Duties, and that for that Purpose the several Provisions

now in force relating to such Duties should be repealed, and other Provisions made in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in Ireland as imposes or creates any Regulation for the Purpose of securing the Collection or Management of any Duty on Cards and Dice, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, stand and be repealed, save so far as any former Act or Acts of Parliament may be thereby repealed, and save as to any Proceeding for the Recovery or Enforcement of any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred before the Commencement of this Act, or for the Punishment of any Offence which shall have been committed against any of the said Provisions before the said time; and save as to any Regulations respecting any Countervailing Duty on the Importation into Ireland of Cards or Dice manufactured in Great Britain.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice shall be sold or exposed to Sale or played with, which shall not bo duly sealed, marked and stamped respectively according to Law, upon Pain that every Person who shall sell or expose to Sale, or knowingly play with any such Cards or Dice which shall not be so sealed, marked or stamped, shall forfeit for every such Pack of Cards and for every Die so fold or exposed to Sale or played with the Sum of Fire Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to appoint fit and proper Persons in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerick respectively, who shall be called Stamp Matters, and shall have the Custody and Keeping 1 of the Marks, Stamps and Seals herein after mentioned, and shall from time to time put such Mark or Stamp upon all Dice, and such Mark or Seal upon the Paper and Thread enclosing every such Pack of Cards, and One of the Cards of each Pack on the painted or spotted Side thereof, which shall be duly entered, and for which the Duties then legally payable thereon shall be duly paid to the proper Officers in the said Places respectively.

473

52 GEO. III. C. 87.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners nilfioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being, or any of ^t*n?^0k, e or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and em- oUette'what^red to devise, and by Notice m Writing under their Hands to Marks, 8cc.used lblished in the Dublin Gazette for Three successive Days of Pub- on Wrappers of on, from time to time and as often as to them it shall seem each of lient so to do, to appoint Marks, Stamps or Seals, such as they think fit to be put or impressed on the Label or Paper to be ied to the Wrapper in which each Pack of Cards shall be en

1 or wrapped, and that the said Label or Paper shall be so con-

1 and shall be so fattened on the said Wrapper as that the said

d Stamps, Marks or Seals shall appear on the Sides of each Pack

irds, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and Stamp Matters

the several Stamp Matters respectively shall number each Label to number each

ithmetical Progression under each Mark, Stamp or Seal, to be babel.

hereon in manner aforesaid, so that the Numbers appearing on

lides of every Pack of Cards when enclosed in the said Label,

be like or corresponding Numbers: Provided always, that all

5 belonging to each Manufacturer shall be numbered in Pro-

on with the following or successive Numbers of the Cards of

Manufacturer, beginning with the Number One, and that every

ip Matter shall after ever)' Twenty fifth Day of Match, Twenty

h Day of June, Twenty ninth Day of September and Twenty

Day of December, begin to number the Cards to be stamped by

for each Manufacturer with Number One.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Packs of Cards imencement of this Act, every Pack of Cards, on the Labels on on which Num-: h any Number shall be erased or altered, shall be deemed and beriserafed or n to be Cards not stamped or marked, and shall be forfeited and tered*

d; and every Person who shall sell or expose the same to Sale, be liable to all Penalties to which Persons by the Laws then in Penalty, g shall be subject for felling or exposing to Sale Cards not tped at all.

fIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Counterfeiting

iat any time or times, make, counterfeit or forge, or cause or Marks, &c,

rureto be made, counterfeited or forged any Mark, Stamp or Seal

efemble any Mark, Stamp or Seal, which in pursuance of this Act  ar*

ilbe made and used for damping any Label or Paper enclosing any

*ds, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon

Paper for enclosing Cards, or shall erase ox alter any Number to

put on such Paper or Label as aforesaid, with Intent thereby to

raud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties upon

ids, or shall utter, vend or sell any Cards with the Impression

such Counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Seal on the Paper or Label

doling such Cards, knowing the same to be counterfeited, of

all utter, vend or sell any Cards on the Paper or Label enclosing

hichany Number shall be erased or altered, knowing the same

be erased or altered, or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or Seal

i be used in pursuance of this Act, thereby to defraud His Majesty,

B Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Cards, then every ch Person so offending and being thereof convicted shall be adjudged Felon, and be transported for seven Years. Transportation.

XX. And, for preventing any Mistake or Fraud in stamping or Distributors of arking any Cards or Dice not duly entered, or for which the Dutief

474

A.D. 1812.

C. 87.

52 GEO. III.

of Dice and Packs of Cards for which Duly paid, and enter Certificates in a Book, Sec.

Neglecting to mark, See,

Number contained in Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners for Stamps may change Marks or Stamps for Cards;

by Law payable thereon shall not have been duly raid, be it further enacted, That the Distributors of Stamps in the said Cities of Cork and Limerick respectively, and such Officer or Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose in Dublin, by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall, upon Requell of the Person or Persons who shall duly enter any Cards or Dice, and pay the Duties then by Law payable thereon, certify in Writing the Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which shall have been so entered, and for which the said Duties shall have been so paid, and also the Names and Places of Abode of such Persons who shall have made such Entries and paid the said Duties upon the Delivery of which said Certificate to the Person who for the time being shall be appointed to keep the said Mark, Stamp or Seal, the said Person so appointed shall enter the said Certificate in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and afterwards with all convenient Speed shall mark, (lamp or seal, such and so many Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards as shall be mentioned to be contained in such Certificate; and the Person so marking, damping or sealing the same, is hereby requited to enter under the said Certificate in the said Book to be kept for that Purpose, the Number of the Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which he shall so mark, damp or seal, pursuant to the said Certificate, with the Days and Times of his so marking, damping and sealing the same, till the full Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards, which shall be contained is Lch Certificate, shall be duly marked, damped and sealed, which said Book at the End of every Year, or oftener if required by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or by any Three or more of them, shall be returned to the said Commissioners to be examined by them, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by them, or any Three or more of them, to examiae the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed as aforesaid to mark, damp or seal such Cards or Dice, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to mark, damp or seal the Number of Pairs of Dice or Packs of Cards contained in such Certificate, then the Person (d neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit for every such Default the Sum of Five rounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be obliged to mark, damp or seal any Dice or Cards but Three Times in every Week; that is to say, on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday in every Week, and between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Twelve at Noon, and between the Hours of Two and Four in the Afternoon, on the said Days.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, shall think fit to alter, change or renew the Marks or Stamps for Cards, and the Paper enclosing the same, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for all Persons who shall at such respective times have in their Custody or Possession any Cards and Papers enclosing Packs of Cards marked with the Stamp or Stamps so intended to be altered, changed or renewed, at any time within the Space of Two Months after such Intention of renewing, changing or altering such Stamps or Marks shall have been so published 111 the Dublin Gazette for Three successive Days of Publication, to sell or expose to Sale such Cards marked with the Stamp or Stamps so intended to be altered, changed and renewed, and no longer.

47*

52 GEO. III. C. 87.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Cards marked with the old Stamps shall remain upon hand and unfold, it shall be lawful for any Card Maker or Shopkeeper, or Retailer of Cards, at any time within the said Two Months, to bring or fend such Cards and Papers, inclosing Packs of Cards, with the old Stamps to the respective Matters, or to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at their respective Offices in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerich; and the said St?mp Matters and Officers respectively are hereby required to mark with the new Stamps such Cards so brought in, and so many Papers enclosing Packs of Cards, as shall be equal in Number to the Papers so brought in, such new Stamps to be impressed, and given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from the Payment of any Duty or Fee whatsoever for the same: Provided also, that if after the said Two Months any Cards with such old Stamps shall be found in the Pottession of any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, the same shall be forfeited; and it shall be lawful to and for any Peron duly authorised for that Purpose, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, to seize and carry away the same; and the Person or Persons in whose Pottession the same shall be found shall be liable and subject to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as he, she or they would be Cable to if the said Cards or Papers containing Packs o( Cards never had been damped.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Pack or Packs of Flaying Cards shall be found in the House, Shop, Room or Place of any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, without being marked, sealed or damped, as shall be then by Law required, the same shall be adjudged forfeited, and may be seized and carried away by any Person duly authorised for that Purpose, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them; and the Card Maker, Shcmkeeper or Retailer of Cards in whose Pottession such Pack or Packs of Cards shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every undamped Parcel of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards enclosed in a Paper Cover or Paper Covers, which shall be exposed to Sale by, or found in the Shop of any Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, shall to all Intents and Purposes be construed and taken to be a whole Pack of Playing Cards, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and such Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty. Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall fell or txpose to Sale any Playing Cards which have been fold, opened or played with, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Cards exceeding in Quantity Two Packs, which shall hereafter be found in any House, Outhouse, Warehouse or elsewhere, in the Pottession of any Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, shall be deemed and considered as Cards exposed to Sale within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, whereby Card Makers, Shopkeepers and Retailers of Cards are subject to Forfeitures and Penalties for felling or expottng to Sale, Painted,

Spotted

and those remaining on hand taken to Place appointed, to get new Stamp put

Provifc.

[Penalty.]

Cards not duty stamped, forfeited, and Person in whose Possession found.

[Penalty.]

Undamped Parcels of Playing Cards deemed a Pack. Penalty.

Selling Cards played with. Penalty.

Cards exceeding' in Quantity Two Packs deemed an ex* poling to Sale.

47<S

Cards found In PolFe (fi on of Hawkers. Penalty.

No Cards deem. edWafte unless Corner be cut off.

Penalty,

No Person shall nuke Cards or Dice but in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.

[Penalty.]

Card Makers been fed.

Carrying on Trade without Licence.

[Penalty.]

9

No Person licemed without entering into a Bond with luffi-fiern Sureties.

C. 87. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Spotted and Playing Cards, not stamped, marked or made up in manner and form as required.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, which shall be found in the Possession of any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person, travelling from Place to Place, shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distributor of Stamps or other Person or Persons thereto duly authorised under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to seize such Cards, and to lodge the same in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose, by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Cards shall be deemed Wade Cards unless a Corner of every such Card shall be cut off, acd unless the same be sold or exposed to Sale in Parcels without being enclosed in any Paper Cover whatsoever; and if any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, shall sell or expose to Sale as Wade Cards any Cards enclosed in Paper Covers, or not cut in the manner aforesaid, he, she or they so offending shall be liable to the Penalties, and incur all the Forfeitures inflicted for felling or exposing to Sale Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards without Stamps.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall set up or exercise the Employment of making Cards or Dice, or shall make or cause to be made any Cards or Dice in any Town or Place in Ireland, but in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerick, or the respective Liberties thereof; and that every Person or Persons who shall set up or exercise the Employment of making Cards or Dice, or shall make or cause to be made Cards or Dice in any other Part of Ireland, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, to grant Licences to such Person or Persons as they shall think proper for the making of Playing, Blank and Message Cards for any Term not exceeding Three Years from the time of granting such Licences; and if any Person or Persons shall exercise or carry on the Trade or Employment of making any Playing, Blank or Message Cards without such Licence or Licences first had and obtained, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for any such Offence, forfeit the Sum of 0 hundred Pounds, together with all such Cards and all such Material* and Implements used in the making of Cards, as shall be found in his, her or their Possession, all which Cards, Materials and Implement', shall and may be seized, carried away and lodged in such Place as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for that Purpose, by any Distributor of Stamps or other Person duly authorised thereto, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be so licensed unless he, she or they shall with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties have executed a Bond to His Majesty in the penal Sum of Two hundred Pounds conditioned that the Person or Persons so licensed, their Executors or Administrators, shall answer and pay to His Majesty, all such Duties as such Person or Persons shall be liable to on account of making any Playing, Blank or Message Cards during

1

477

1812, 52r GEO. III. C. 87.

ne such Person or Persons shall carry on the Business of a Card r under such Licence.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be 1 for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of upon Default made in the Payment of any such Duty or Duties h Person or Persons folicensedas aforesaid shall or may be liable upon Conviction of any Fraud or Offence the Penalty or For-i for which shall amount to Ten Pounds, by Notice or Instru-in Writing subscribed by them, or any Three of them, to reyoke, raw and utterly make void any such Licence to such Person or is so making Default or convicted as aforesaid; and if such 1 or Persons after such Revocation shall continue to exercise the or carry on the Business of Card-making, he, she or they, >e subject to such Penalties and forfeitures as if such Licence ences had never been granted.

!XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Card Maker t the time of entering and paying the Duties on any Number: ks of Cards make Oath, or if a Quaker, solemnly affirm, before iftributor or other proper Officer with whom such Entry shall de, in the Words following; to wit,

B. do swear, (or, if a Quaker, do affirm) That the Number f Packs of Cards now entered by me, is the full Amount of Quantity of fainted, Spotted and Playing Cards manufactured nc, or for my Use, from the Day of

be time of this my present Entry, except Packs

le up by me for Exportation, which are now lodged in His efty's Stores, or have been exported (as the case may be.)* h Oath or Affirmation such Distributor or other proper Officer eby authorised and required to administer.

[XV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Cards )ice who shall endeavour to defraud His Majesty by any Con-ent or undue Entry, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the of Twenty Pounds.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Card Maker shall make any Cards, his Foreman, Head-Servant or Person )yed to attend such Business from time to time, and as often as Card Makei or other Person employed as aforesaid shall be re-d by the Officer or Officers appointed to view and take an Act of the same, shall shew to such Officer or Officers all the Stock on hand of Cards, and all Materials for making the same belong-: o such Card Maker or Card Makers, under the Penalty of Ten ids, in case of Refusal to be forfeited by such Card Maker or 1 Makers, and of Five Pounds to be forfeited by the Foreman, d-Servantor other Person employed, so refuting as aforesaid; and m Default of the Payment of the said Sum of Five Pounds, such Jman, Head-Servant or other Person so employed shall suffer Month's Imprisonment; and that in case such Officer or Officers afterwards find any Cards or Materials for making Cards of the: k then on hand, over and above the Quantity so fnewn as afore-t such Cards and Materials shall be forfeited, and it shall and may bwful for such Officer or Officers to seize and carry away the t; and such Card Maker or Card Makers shall respectively forfeit tun at the Rate of Twenty Pounds for every Twelve Dozen of 5 Sheet*

Licence revoked ou Default.

[Penalty.]

Card Makers t take

Oath.

Concealment or undue Entry. Penalty.

Card Maker to shew Officer, all Stock oa hand.

Penalties.

A.D. 1812.

Officers to take

Account of Cards and Materials for making them in Possession of Card Makers.

In case of Defi-tiency no Entry allowed til) Caid Maker has accounted for it* Penalty.

Forfeitures lodged in such Place as Commissioners of Stamps shall appoint.

Cards for Exportation deported in some of His Majesty's Warehouses;

and not to be removed without Per mi [Eon.

[Penalty.]

C. 87. 52 GEO. III.

Sheets of Paper Materials for Card-making which shall be found over and above the Quantity that shall have been shewn as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to appoint such Officer or Officers, as they shall think proper, to keep an Account of all Cards and Materials for making Cards, which shall from time to time be found by him or them in the Possession of any Card Maker or Card Makers, and upon any Decrease or Deficiency of such Stuck of Cards and Materials not properly accounted for, to charge such Card Maker or Card Makers with all Duties payable for such Cards not accounted for, and also with the Amount of the Duties on so many Cards as might be made from or with such Materials not accounted for as aforesaid; the said Duties to be paid by such Card Maker or Card Makers upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, before such Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, in

and before the Distributor of Stamps in Cork and Limerick respectively, ascertaining the Quantity so dcficieut and brought to Charge, which Oath the said Officers respectively are hereby empowered and required to administer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or Distributor or any Stamp Matter of Cards, after Proof made of such Deficiency, shall allow any Entry to be made by, or shall stamp any Cards of or belonging to such Card Maker or Card Makers before he, she or they shall have answered or paid all Charges made on accoaot of such Decrease or Deficiency, that in every such case such Officer, Distributor or Stamp Mailer shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Forfeiture of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, or of Utensils or Materials for making Cards, shall be incurred by virtue of any Act, now of force, or which shall be hereafter enacted, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall detect the Fraud or Offence for which such Cards, Utensils or Materials shall become forfeited, to seize and attach and carry away all such Cards, and the same to lodge in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, there to be detained and kept until disposed of by due Course of Law.

XL. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Card Maker or Card Makers shall make up Cards intended for Exportation, he, she or they shall within One Hour after the same are made up, give Notice thereof to the Stamp Matter of the Place where such Cards shall be made up, and shall in the Presence of the said Stamp Matter, deposit such Cards in some of His Majesty's Storehouses, at the Place where such Cards shall be so made up, the said Cards there to remain until a Certificate from the Collector of the Port shall be produced to the said Stamp Matter, which Certificate shall express or import that all legal Requisites relative to such Cards have been performed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if such Card Maker or Card Makers shall at any time remove such Cards so deposited as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or shall suffer the same to be removed without Permission of the Storekeeper or Surveyor of His Majesty's Stores first had and obtained, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

A.D. 1812.

47*

52 GEO. III. C. 87.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein men-tiaaedt to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and ia all and every or any other Act or Acts for the granting of Stamp Duties, or for the amending of the Laws for regulating the Stamp Duties iu Ireland, shall be of Force and Effect, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, paying, collecting, enforcing and securing the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, and for the recovering and levying of all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been hereby rc-enacted with relation to the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, except only so far as any of such Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures in the hid Acts, or any or either of them contained, are or shall be expressly altered or repealed or otherwise provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, or which nay have been or shall be passed in this present Session of Parliament, for the better Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland or any of them.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Duties hereby granted, shall commence and take Effect from the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof, and shall be ia force from that time forward, and not sooner.

Powers of

43 G. 3. c. 11. &c. relating to Stamps in Ireland extended C# this Act.

Commencement, of Act.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For and upon evety Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written or printed any of the following Articles or any Part thereof, except as otherwise particularly provided, the respective Duties following; that is to say.

ARTICLES.

I. Patents, Grants and Admissions, of or to Dignities, Offices, Benefits or Degrees, and Exemplifications, and Certificates thereof.

Duty.

s. d.

Any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the same not hereby charged with a specific Duty (Commissions of Rebellion in Procefsalways excepted) -Any Patent for an Archbishoprick

Any Patent for a Dukedom -

Any Patent for a Marquisate -

Any Patent for an Earldom -

Any Patent for a Viscount

20 0 0

YOO 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

I50 0 0

Any

C. 87. 52 GEO. III. AD-rtu

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty.

Patents, Grants, &c.  continued\ . x.1

Any Patent for a Bishop rick - 50 0

Any Patent for a Barony 100 0

Any Patent for a Baronetage -Any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, or any Collation by any Archbishop or Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, of the yearly Value of One 50 0

hundred Pounds - And for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first One hundred Pounds a Year, s0

a further Duty of - The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop or Vicar General of the Diocese; provided always, that Two or more Benefices episcopally united shall be deemed One Benefice only. Any Institution that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court; provided that an Institution to Two or more Benefices episcopally united shall be considered as an Institution to act

single Benefice - Collation by an Archbishop or Bishop to be considered as equivalent to Presentation and Institution, and subject to the Two Duties accordingly. Any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other s

Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Armagh, or Master of the Faculties for the time being Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament, Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money, 25 0

Not amounting to iool. - 1 10

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 250I. 4 0

Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I. 10 0.

Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to 750I. 20 O'

Amounting to 750I. and not amounting to\ 1, ooooI. 30 o:

Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards, for every iool. thereof 5

Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Annuity or Pension not amounting to One hundred Pounds 1 10,

per Annum - - Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200I. per

Annum - 4 a.

Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 4C0I. per

Annum - Amounting to 400L ai d net amounting to Cool, per 10 ft

Annum20 0 fac

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 87.

481

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty.

Patents, Grants, &c.  continued. Amounting to fool, and not amounting to 800I. per Annum - Amounting to 800I. and not amounting to 1, ooool. per u 0 O O

Annum - - - -Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards But where any such Grant of Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation, or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and 40 O O 50 O O

Description, then only a Duty of - And where several and diltin& Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the same Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but, where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole. I 10 O

Any Grant or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate in Ireland, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing, Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto shall not amount to 50I. per Annum And where the same shall.amount to 50I. and not amount I 10 0

to 100I. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount 0 0

to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount vn O O

to 300I. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount IO O O

to 500I. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount 20 O O

to 7 50L per Annum -And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount 30 O O

to i, ooool. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not 40 O O

amount to 1, 5001. per Annum - -And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not 0 O O

amount to 2 pool. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not VA O O

amount to 3pool, per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. per Annum 100 0 0

or upwards - The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the average Amount thereof for r. Three Years preceding where practicable; and 150 O O

Patents,

Patents, Grants, &c.  continued.

in other cases according to the bed Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to or of Two or more Person* jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and distinA Duty in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to each Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments, appertaining to such Person, shall be in any Manner augmented; and, in that case, a Duty shall be charged in respect of such Person, only in Proposition to the Amount of the Augmentation.

Provided also, that no Duty shall be charged upon or in respect of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment on which any of the foregoing Grants may be engrossed, printed or written.

Any Grant of Escheatorship -

Any Grant of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant or Profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Seal of the Exchequer (Custodiam Leases excepted)

Any Pardon or Remission, except Pardons passed in forma pauperis, of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, exceeding the Sum of 50I.

Any Admission of any Fellow of the College of Physicians or Surgeons -

Any Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns Any Admission of any Barriller into the Inns of Court Any Admission of any Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or other Officer or Officers in any Court whatsoever 5 except any Officer in any inferior Court whose Office is under the Value of 10I. a Year in Salary, Fees and other Perquisites 5 and except any annual Officer m any Corporation Any Certificate to be taken out by any Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, of his Admission, Enrolment or Regiftty, in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where Debt or Damage doth amount to 40 s. or more.

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, has not been admitted for Three Years, yearly -

 1.

20 0

3 0

4 0

TO 0

20 0 20 0

20 0

I 0 0 Iadeotoit

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 87.

483

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Patent!, Grants, 5cc.  continued.

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three years or more, yearly

Any Appointment or Deputation of any Person to be a Seneschal or Steward of a Manor Court Any Entry, Minute or Memorandum of the AdmiflSon of

only)

pe&

Birth, Apprenticeship or Marriage, entered or made in the Court Book, Roll or Record of any such Corporation, Guild or Company -

Any Entry, Minute or Memorandum; of the AdmifOon of any other Person into any Corporation, Guild or Company (except a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Inuitution only) -

It. Indentures, Bonds and other Deeds and Instru-mints, and Exemplifications, Inrolments, Memorials or Registries thereof.

On the First Skin of any Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed or Instrument, not otherwise charged (except Indentures of Apprenticeship where no Apprentice fee shall be given, or, if any be given, where such Apprentice fee shall not exceed the Sum of 10I.) for the First Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, therein

For every other Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney, or Solicitor, in order to hit Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majestcy's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles or Contra6ts -

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to a Notary Publick, in order to his becoming a Notary Publick, on each Part of such Indentures -

Any other Indenture of Apprenticeship, where the Sum or Value given, paid or contraftai or agreed for, with or in relation to such Apprentice, shall exceed 10I. and shall not exceed 201.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed sol. and shall not exceed 50I.

50*- 100

100

J2 Gio. Ill,

200

300

400

Ii

200

300

400

500

u

 1. d.

300 3 0 0

o 10 o

loo

o 10 o

050

O' o

500

050

o 10 o 100 2 0 0

3 00 6 00 5 a o Anjl

SCHEDULE (A.)

Indentures, 8cc.-continued.

And wherfc such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of 500I. for every iool. of such Exeels, a Duty of The First Skin, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Indenture of Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute* Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article for settling or demiting Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Ctaufc or Covenant for the Renewal thereof 5 (except Leases made by any Matter in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, under the Orders of the said Courts respectively \ and except Leases by Elegk Creditors, and also Leases of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments ejected for Non Payment of Rent, and still redeemable, to as such Leases (ha.ll not exceed the Period during which the same shall continue redeemable, respectively).

Where the annual Amount of the Rent referred, or agreed to be referred, (any Penal Rent, or any Increase of referred Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount,) shall not exceed 10I. and the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed iool.

Where the annual Amount of such Rent

of such Fine or Consideration

shall exceed afd shall riot exceed! 1^shall exceed and shall not exceed

 /. d.  J. d.  / d.  /. d.

10 0 0 20 0 0 too 0 0 1*0 0 0 10

20 0 0 5* 0 0 150 0 0 200 0 0 0 15

5 6 0 100 0 0 250 0 060 0 0 1 0

100 0 0 1*0 0 0 500 0 0 750 0 0 1 10

150 O O 200 0 0 7*0 0 0 1 iOO0 0 0 2 0

200 O O 2*0 0 0 1,000 0 0 1.450 0 0 2 V*

250 O O 300 0 0 l, i*0 0 6 1.500 0 6 3 0

300 0 0 35c* t> 0 1 l,0O' 0 b 1, 750 0 0 3 10

350 0 0 400 0 o' i>75 0 0 2, 000 0 b 4 1

And where the annual Amount of such Rent, referred or agreed to be referred, shall exceed the Sum of 400I. or such Fine, or Consideration fhaM exceed the Sum of

2, ooool. then for every col. of the whole Amount of; such Rent* and for every 500I. of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of -

Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any such In4enture* Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or Legal or Equitable Article, after the First Skin or Sheet^.

The First Skin or Piece of Veljum, Parchment Or Paper, ip any Jndenturf, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memo-

i v

Indentures, See.  continued.

random or legal or equitable Article, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years, shall be subject to a Duty equal in the Whole to Double the Amount of the foregoing Duties on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper in any Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article respectively;

And, in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, shall be executed by the Lefior or Lessors therein, or any of them, by virtue of any Letter of Attorney for that Purpose, then for every 51. of the annual Amount of such Kent, reserved or agreed to be referred, and for every 25I. of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty, in all cases, on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any of such Instruments, of -The First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed or Instrument, for de-miGng Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, executed by any Master in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by my Elegit Creditor, or any Lease of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under Evi6tion for Non Payment of Rent and redeemable where such Lease shall not exceed the Period during which the same shall continue to be redeemable

Where such Rent shall not exceed 200I. by the Year, or that Rate for any Portion of a Year Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 200I. by the Year and shall not exceed the Rate of 400I. by the Year

Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 400I. by the Year, then for every iool. of the Yearly Rate of such Rent -

Every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet k or Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Re lease or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or Legal or Equitable Article, after the First Skin or Sheet < -Any Letter of Attorney, empowering any Person to receive n ? x 1 1.iters of Attorney to receive Rents

to execute any Lease or Leases of La^ids ill Ireland, on the Part and Behalf of any Lessor or LcfTee

Where the Annual Amount of the Rent reserved or to be reserved, in such Lease or Leases (any penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent not being included in such Amount), shall not exceed 51.'and the Fine or Consideration for the lame shall not exceed 20I.

 t. d.

0X0

0 TO O

1 O O

o 10 o

empowering iany Person or Persons

5 0 0

a o o And

Indentures, &c  continued'.

And where the Amount of such Rent shall exceed the Sum of 5I. or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sumofiol.

Any such Letter of Attorney, not specifying the Amount of the Rent and Fine to be reserved or received on such Le3fe -

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Consideration for such Conveyance shall not exceed iool.

And where the Amount of such Consideration shall exceed iool. or where the Amount of such Consideration shall not be expressed in such Letter of Attorney Any Recognizance conditioned for the Payment of Money or Performance of Covenants or Agreements, and any Statute Staple or Statute Merchant, and Entry of Record in any Court or Office not herein otherwise charged, except Recognizances taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peice, and Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrifier in their respective Counties, or by the Chairman of Kilmainham, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin -

Any Contract, Bond or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any Principal Sum not otherwise particularly charged, not exceeding iool.

Where such Principal Sum

shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 3001.

- 300I. - 5001.

- 5001. - 1,000l.

1.0001. - 2, cool.

2.0001. - 3, ooool.

- 3, ocol. - 5, 0001.

Where such Principal Sum shall exceed 5 000I.

Any Bond commonly called a Mortgage or Annuity Bond,

J or Bond given as a collateral Security for or in respc# of any I Mortgage or Annuity -

Any Bond given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Dire#ion of the Cothmilfiouers of i\xt Cullotns and Port Duties, or Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any of their Officer, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evasion tlw icof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto -

Any 6ther Bond uot being for the Payment of any Priu-j cipal Sum, or not herein otherwise chargca |^The First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper,

in any Deed or other instrument for the Security, by way j of Mortgage, of any Sum of Money on any Estate or Property j whatsoever in Ireland, which shall be executed by the Mrt-

 /.

0 0 0

0 0 M 0

2 O 0

10 0 0

050

050

0 10 0 200

1 10 o 200 300 400 5 a 0

050

O LO O

o 10 o

s*gr

Indentures, &c.  continued.

>r or Mortgagors, or any of them, and ia any Deed, cle or Instrument, for the Sale, Settlement or Conveyance of any Estate or Property whatsoever in Ireland, whether Real or Personal, and of whatever Tenure or Description, which shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors, or any of them, (except Assignments of Judgments which are to pay Duty only as Deeds, not particularly charged)

Where the Amount of Money so Secured on such Estate or Property, Or the Consideration bona fide paid or agreed to be paid for such Sale* Settlement or Convey, ance, shall not exceed took Where the Amount of such Money shall exceed tool. and shall not exceed 300I. - 3001. - 5 001

500I. - i, ooool.

iiOool. - 2, 0001.

2.0001. - 3, 0001.

3.0001. - 4, 0001.

4.0001. - 5, ooool.

5.0001. - io, ooooL

xo, ooool. - 15, 0001.

15, 000l. - 20, 0001.

Where the Amount of such Money shall exceed 2o, ooool.

Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in such Part of such Mortgage or Deed, Article or Instrument, for Sale, Settlement or Conveyance, after the First Any Award under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of, any Court Any Instrument made in Ireland, not under Seal, whether the same shall contain an actual Contract, or shall be the Evidence only of a ContraA, where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards Any Exemplification, of what Nature foerer, that shall pass the Seal of any Court, not hereby otherwise charged Any Conveyance or Surrender of any Grant or Grants, or Office or Offices, Release or other Deed whatsoever (except Indentures of Attornies* Apprentices and Assignments thereof, and Assignments of Judgments), which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever, over and above all other Duties Any Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, Will or Devise, which shall be registered in the Public Office for registering such Memorials, or shall he entered in any of the Courte of Record in Ireland (except Memorials of Demises, and except Memorials of Assignment&of Judgments)

Any Memorial of any Demise, or of any Agreement to dmife - '

1.

o 15 o

1 O

1 IO

2 O 2 IO

4

6

8

xo

12

20

050 o IO o

0100 o 15 o

100

o 10 o

o 26 Any

Indentures, kc.  continued.

Any Memorial of the Assignment of any Judgment,

Where the Penalty of such Judgment so assigned shall not exceed iool.

And where the Penalty of such Judgment so assigned shall exceed iool. -

Any attested Extract or attested Copy, or any Certificate of any Memorial from the Office for the feegiflry of Deeds

III. Writs, Processes or other Proceedings, Commissions, Pleadings, Judgments, Appeals and Executions in Suits or.Actions at Law or in Equity.

Any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine Any Writ of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery Any Petition in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in the Prerogative Court, or Confillorial Court of Dublin -Any Order, or Fiat for Order, made on any such Petition -Any Letters of Guardianship under the Great Seal of Ireland -

Any Commission, or Writ of Dedimus Protestatem, to take Answers, or to examine Witnesses, or for any other Purpose, which shall issue from the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or any Ecclesiastical Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any other Court in Ireland, except Commissions of the Peace

Any original Writ, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, Writ of Capias quo minus or any other Writ, Process or Mandate whatever, not herein otherwise charged, that shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts in Dublin (whether the same be the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts) -

Any Copy of any such Writ which Audi be served on any Defendant or Defendants therein named

Any Entry of any Process of Contempt for not appearing, or for not answering, which shall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or in the Ecclesiastical Courts, whether such Process shall issue or not

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor or other Agent, to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action or Suit in any Court holding Plea in Ireland, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, or where the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that Value, or to prosecute or defend such Action or Suit, or to confess Judgment thereon

Any Appearance to be entered in any such Court or Courts in Ireland by any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry

 i. d.

050

D IO O OO4

2 0 0 2 0 0

0 2 6 OIO

IOO

o 10 o

OIO

006

OIO

026

010

Any

A.D. 1ti2. jt GEO. III.' C.iy. 4*$

SCHEDULE (A). Duty.

Writs, Processes, &c.  continued. Any Warrant to any Proctor to prosecute pr defend any- Suit in the Court of Prerogative, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or 0 S. d.

in the Court of Admiralty -Any Appearance to be entered in any such Court or Courts in Ireland by any Fro&or, for each and every Defendant named Q 2 6

in such Entry - p p Any Special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the Add ourtyf or in any Court CIO

whatsoever - -Any Appearance th$t shall be p made on such Bail -Any Common Bail to be fijed in any Court whatsoever, and O ? M +* o o

any Appearance that shall be piape on such Bail Any Bail Bond taken by any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, or by9i o

any own Clerk pr any Sepefch?) or any Manor Any Assignment of such Bail Rpnd Any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or Demurrer, and any Interrogatories, and any Libel, AUeg3' tion or other Plea or Pleacting, of what Nature or Kind Soever not herein otherwise charged, that shall be filed by or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any Ecclesiastical pr Admiralty Court, or in any other Court in Ireland save and except the J*aper Drafts or Pepo- 6 j, o Q 4 o

fitions before they are engrossed) - -Any Declaration, B4J1, Answer, Demurrer, Rlea or Pleading at Law or in Equity, filed by gr on behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor wfio ffiail sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor in his own proper Person, on the First Skin {hereof, over o 4 o

and above all other Stamp Duties -Any attested Copy of any Declaration ip Ejectment or other Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plep, Replication, Rejoinder, Der muirer, Interrogatory, Peposition, Allegation or Libel, or of any other Plea or Pleading in any Court whatever, pr any Copy of any Record to he furnished to any of the fudges for the hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chpxn- t /n r.r '

btr or in the Court of Delegates Any Exception to any Answer or Report filed in any Court of Equity or in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, to be charged upon each Exception, whether joined with any other or others on the same Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or 904

Paper, or not - And for every Ninety Words which each and every Exception shall contain over and above the first Ninety Words, o*6

a further Duty of -And upon each and every Exception over and above the 0 i 6

first Ten Exceptions, a further Duty of And for every Ninety Words which each am} every such Exception after the first Ten Exceptions shall contain over and above the first Ninety Words, a further Duty 0 4 0

Of  m*- n 4 ^lC 0*6 Any

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Writs* Procestes, See.  continued.

Any Certificate of the Number of Stamps appearing on the Face of any Pleading in the Court of Chancery or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer -

Any Charge or Discharge filed iu any Court of Equity Any attested Copy of any such Charge or Discharge Any attested Copy of any Account or Report filed in any Cause in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer -

Atw Copy of any Account or Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor or Lunatic

Any original Affidavit* Affirmation or Demolition, not hereby otherwise charged* taken before any Person or Persons authorised by Law to take the same (except such Affidavits or Affirmations as shall be taken before the Officert of His Majesty's Customs or Excise* Affidavits relating to Criminal Prosecutions. Affidavits or Affirmations made for the Purpose of segif-tering Freeholds; and all Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace* or before a Magistrate of any Corporation acting as a Justice of the Peace, unless hereby otherwise changed; and except Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Magistrate acting in any Court of Conscience* or of a summary Jurisdiction, or before any Judge of Assize, Commissioner or Oyer and Terminer or Recorder or Assistant Barrister* relative to Prosecutions or

sS i i

o I Q otd o I C

o 3 < o z i

Trials on Indictments or to Civil Bills; and except Affidavits or Affirmations made in pursuance of any Act relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Com Premiums, or before the Dublin Society; and except Affidavits or Affirmations with respect to the Regulations or Management of the Stamp Duties directed to oe made before One or more of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or before any Person appointed by them, or before any Magistrate or Commissioner for taking Affidavits)

Any attested Copy of such Affidavit or Affirmation which shall be read in any Court whatsoever

Any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application, against a Sheriff or Coroner Any Copy of any such Affidavit

Any Affidavit or Affirmation made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing Public Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any rrefentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Presentments,

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, raised or accounted for, shall not exceed 50I.

o 1 1

o o

o

o

o t

ffhert

Writs, Processes, &c.  continued.

Where such Amount shall exceed 50I. and shall not exceed iool.

Where such Amount shall exceed 100L and shall not exceed 200I.

Where such Amount shall exceed 200I.

Any Commission for taking Affidavits that shall be issued Tom any Court*-

Any Summons or Warrant issued by any Master in Chan-ry, or by the Chief or Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or by any or the Chief or Deputy Prothono-aries of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or ly the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer, it by any of the Chief or Deputy Registers of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or by any other Officer or Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or of the Court of Admiralty, or in any xher Court in Ireland, for the Purpose of proceeding to settle my Decree or Proceeding on any Order of Reference or Taxing [&U, or any other Purpose for which Summonses or War-sots are usually issued by such Officers respectively Any Summons of any Judge of the superior Courts of Law 9r Equity in Ireland -

Any Rule or Order (except in Causes prosecuted upon In-bftments or Presentments) made or given on Petition or Motion a any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty, or in auyhtr Court in the County of Dublin, or County of the Cky if Dublin, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth (mount to 40s. whether such Rule or Order shall be made q open Court, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively o his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order Any Copy of such Role or Order, or any Copy of any other Record or Proceedings in any of the said Courts, not hereby itherwife charged

Any Record of Nisi Prius -

Any Writ of Enquiry of Damages

Any Inquisition or Issue taken or found by any Jury in wy Civil Action, whether at Nisi Prius, or before any Sheriff w Sheriffs, or other Officer or Officers, or any Judgment by Default or otherwise, or on any SuggefUon, or on any Writ of Ekgit.-

Any Interlocutory Judgment in any Court of Law in Ireland Any final Judgment which shall be signed by the Master of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothono-tory, or his Secondary, Deputy or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts in the City of Dublin, who have Power, or usually do or shall sign Judgments, whether the said Judgment so signed arises in any Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Consession, for any Sum under tool.

*5

 /, d. 030

040

050

1 5 0

o 1 o 020

010

a 1 o

O IC o

o 10' o

o 10 o 050

050

For

5 8" GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

49*

C. 9y.

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty.

Writs* Processes, See.  continued.*/. 1

For iqoL or upwards, and not exceeding tool. 0 10 0 j

And for every iool. exceeding the Sum of aool. a further Duty of - 006?

Any Writ of Habere Facias Selfinam, or Writ of Restition or Possession - 0 10 0

Any Warrant to any Attorney to satisfy a Judgment entered of Record in the Courts of Ring's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in Dublin ... 0 t 0

Any Warrant of Attorney to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chaqeery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, and any Order obtained to vacate the same 050

Any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Chancery, written on Paper and signed by the proper Officer - 0 4 6 j

Any attested Copy of any such Decree or Dismissal 0*6

Any Decree or Dismissal nude by or in the Court of Exchequer, written on Paper, and signed by the proper Officer Any attested Copy of any such Decree or Dismissal 050

050

Any Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal ... 0 IC 0

Any Writ of Error or Certiorari, or any Appeal in any Civil Case (except from the Court of Admiralty or Preroga- f

tive Court, or any Diocesan or Archiepiscopal Court, or from any Dismiss or Decree on any Civil Bill, or from any Manor Court) - - 10 0

Except always, in all cases, and as to all Stamp Duties, all Proceedings in any Court Martial, or in any Suit in any of the Courts aforesaid, which shall be sued, prosecuted or had by any Person admitted to sue or defend therein in for-ma pauperis. Any Entry of any Action in the Mayor's or SherifPs Court, in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations O I 0

Any Appearance to be entered to any such Action P I 0

Any Summons or Process whereby the Defendant or Defendant* shall be required to appear or anfvrer the Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Jud^e or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary way by Civil Bill 0 0 2

Any Copy of any such Summons - - - O I 2

Any Decree which shall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which shall issue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Town Clerk or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Assize, or other Judge whatever, in Causes heard by Civil Bill j Where the Sum decreed shall be under 5I. O 2 0

- shall amount to 5I. and shall npt amount to iol. - . 0 4 < 1

- shall amount to id. or upwards*0 7 6

Writs, Precedes, &c.  continued.

Any Difmif8 made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister or Judge of Assize Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Seneschal, or Steward of any Manor, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill Any Renewal of a Decree or Diimifs by whomsoever made on any Proceeding by Civil Bill -

Any Recognisance on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss by whomsoever made or pronounced in any Proceeding by Civil Bill -

Duty.

 /, d. 040 016 p 1 6

026

Any Citation or Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons, Requisition or other Process of what Nature or Kind soever, that shall issue out of any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland (except in any Suit for Tithes, and not herein otherwise charged,) and any Copy thereof respectively Any Citation, Monition, Proceeding, Sentence or Decree, made in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, many Suit for Titties, or any Copies of them respectively Any Inventory lodged or exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, and any Copy thereof; Any Warrant (except Warrants to Proctors to appear),

Monition or Decree in the Court of Admiralty, except in Suits

(or recovery of Seamen's Wages -

Any Decree, Sentence or Dismiss in any Ecclesiastical; Court in Ireland save as aforesaid

Any Sentence or Attachment (except in Suits for the Re-\ cofery of Seamen's Wages), that shall be given in or made out ! of the Court of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment -

Any Interlocutory* Decree or Sentence in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, save, as aforesaid -

Any Exemplification of any Decree, Sentence or Difmiss, in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland Any Commission issued out of any Ecclesiastical Court not. hereinbefore particularly charged Any Appeal from any Diocesan Court

Any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative, Court, or any Archiepiscopal Court Any Custodiam under the Seal of the Exchequer grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil Action

O50

010

050

076

076

IOO

O 10 o

o 15 o

076

500

10 o o

050

IV. Probates and Administrations and Receipts for Legacies.

Any Probate of a Will (except such Probate as shall be. t*ken out by auy Executor coming in after another Executor, shall have obtained Probate of the same), and any Letter of Administration whatever, except Administrations Pendente. Lite, or De Bonis non, of whatever Number of Skins or iee?s

ot

494

C. 8 f.

51 GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.)

MJ.i

Probates, See.  continued.

of Parchment or Vellum, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper* the same niay consist;

Where the Estate and Effeb for or in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall be granted (exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been

rerson or Persons, and not beneficially

shall be of the Value of  30 and under the \ /alue of  too

- 106 200

- 200 300

- 300 400

- 400 50

- 500 600

- 600 700

- 700 800

SOO 900

9OO 1,000

1,000 i*5

1, 500 2, 000

- 2, 000 3*5">

3*5 5, coo

5, 000 7, 500

7*500 10, 000

- 10, 000 12, 500

- 12, 500 15, 000

- 15, 000 17, 500

i75oo 20, 000

- 20, 000 25, 000

- 25, 000 30, 000

- 30, 000. 35>oco

5*000 40, 000

46, 000 45, 000

- 45*oooo 50, 000

- 50, 000 60, 000

60, 000 70, 000

- 70, 006 80, 000

- 8o, oco 90, 000

' 90, 000 100, 000

- 100, 000 125, 000

- 125, 000 150, 000

- 150, 000 I7500

- 175, 000 2CO, 000

- 200, 000 250, 000

- 250, 000 300, 000

- 3 CO, 000 350, 000

- 350, 000 400, 000

- 400, 000 500, 000

- coo, 000 and upwards Any Letters of Amniniftratton Pendente Lite

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7 S

9 15 20

35

60

75

9

110

135 160 185 210 ifc 310 360

4IO 460

55

650

75

850

95

I, 100 t*oo ifico 2, 000 O

2*5

3oooo 3*5 5

4P

J, 000

6^00

5

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty.

Probates, &c.  continued. Except in ail cases the Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels and Effects of any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and except Letters of Administration De Bonis non. Any Copy of any Will attested by the proper Officer of any  t. d

Ecclesiastical Court -Any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Personal Estate, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument; or for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proposition of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying, testate or intestate, or for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proposition of the clear Residue devised to any Person or Persons of any Monies arising or that may arise by the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testa-amtary Instrument (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, legacies and other Charges first made payable thereout, if isy): For every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or Part or Proposition of Residue, and for any fra&ional Part thereof, over and above any Sum or progressive Sums of tool, the Sums following; videlicet. If such Legacy or Residue, or Proposition of the Residue, shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the deceased, or any Descendant of such 003

Brother or Sister -If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the Deceased* 150

or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or 2 0 0

Sifter - -If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than as above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased, or to any Body or Bodtes Politic or Corporate, or other Public Inilitutions, (except charitable Insti- 2 xo 0

Unions) - ... If any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, and shall be gives or pass to or for the Benefit of any Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Chila, O O

then, for every 100L of the Value theteof O 20 O Except

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

496

C.Bj

Probates, See.  continued.

Except, in all cases, any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Residue, or any Part or Proposition of Residue, of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased; and except, in all cases, any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy or any Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

V. Mercantile and Commercial Instruments.

(For the Duty on Insurances fee ScheduleB.)

Any Charter Party, Passport, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney (except Warrants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney otherwise charged), or any Notarial Act not otherw ife charged -

Any Bill of Lading which shall be signed for any Goods exported -

Any Instrument entitling any Person or Persons exporting any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from Ireland, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the same

Any Policy of Assurance or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so calied, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or other Property from Loss by Fire

Any Bank Note or Bank Post Bill which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers who shall have registered his or their Name or Names, or Firm, in manner directed by Law, where the Sum expressed therein shall not amount to 5!.

shall amount to 5I. and not amount to 10I.

shall amount to 10I and not amount to 50L Any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, PnomifTory Note or other Note, whether of Bankers or otherwise, Draft or Order (except Bank Notes and BankrPoft Bills otherwise charged, and except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding 2I. ios. passed on account of Tithes, or for Money lent by or payable to any Society for Charitable Loan, or by or to their Tru frees in Tru ft for them)

Where the Sum expressed therein shill not exceed 10I. Where the Sum shall exceed iol. and shall not exceed 30I.

30L - - 50I.

50I. - - IGOI

lOOl. - - 2001.

2 COl. - 5001.

500I. - - 1,000l.

1,000l. - - 3, ooool.

Where such Sum shall exceed 3, 000l.

11

 f.

o 4 0 0 '

0 0 '

o 1 I

A.D. 1812.

ja GEO. III.

497

C. 8f.

Mercantile Instruments  continued.

Any Draft or Order in Writing for the Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding loU BHtiftt Currency, on Demand, payable to Bearer, or otherwise, drawn upon any Bank or Banker or Banker*, or any Person or Petfonl adding as a Banker or Bankers in Ireland, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually drawn and issued, which shall be nrgociated, or of which Payment shall be required at any time after the Expiration of Two Days from the Date thereof*-

Any Protest where the Amount of the Bill or Note specified therein shall be less ban 50U

Where such Amount (hal be 50I. or upwards

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Duties

All Bills for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty's Land Foroes, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the public Regimental or District Accounts, which shall be drawn according to the Forms now preferred, or hereafter to be prescribed, by His Majesty's Orders by the Paymasters of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief Pay matter or Deputy Paymaster and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the Paymasters of Recruiting Districts, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorised to perform the Duties of Paymaster-ship during a Vacancy, or the Abfeoce; Suspension or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as aforesaid; save and except such Bills as shall be drawn in Favour of Contractors or others who Fumifti Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their Contraas or Agreements shall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles supplied by them.

Any Receipt or other Discharge gifen on the Payment ofny Sum of Money, or on the Delivery of any Cheque, Draft, Bill or ether Order for any Sum of Money,

Where the Sum shall amount to ah stad not amount to 10I. -

Where the Sum shall amount to tol. and not amount to 20I.* -

Where the Sum shall amount to 20I. and not amount to 50I.

Where the Sum shall amount to 50I. and not amount to 100I.

Where the Sum shall amount to tool, and not amount to aool.

Where the Sum shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 500I.

Where the Sum shall amount to fool- and \1pward9

 4. d.

003

040

050

002

OO4

0 0 8

OlO

0 2 0

O30

050

And

Mercantile Instruments  continued.

And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be there-in expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands

Except Receipts for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any House of any registered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of any Bond, Bill, Note or Deed, and being for the Contents or Consideration, or any Part of the Contents or Consideration thereof, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on Account of Pay, Allowance or other Military or Naval Perquisites or Emoluments, orby any Officer of the Exchequer for Money re-

ceived for His Majesty, or any Acknowledgement by Letter, of Money, Bill, or Note or Notes remitted by Post; and except Receipts for the Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and Advertisements; and except Receipts for Legacies otherwise charged.

Any Request Note or Requisition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or any Commissioner or Distributor of Stamps, or other Person duly authorised to grant the same, relative to any Excifable or other Goods, and any Request Note or Requisition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law

VI. Licences; and Game Certificates and Deputations.

Any Marriage Licence to be issued from the Court of Prerogative in Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person or Persons in Ireland for any of the Purposes hereafter mentioned, viz.

To ad as a Notary Publick - To keep one or more Printing Press or Prefles To deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland To insure a gain ft. Fire -

To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within thq Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, ^including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectivelj, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey,) or within the Townof Belfast

ces  continued

Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, and not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein In any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, distant more than Two Miles and not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enni/killin, Galway, Kinsale, Lif-burne, Longford, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

And if the Person, licensed in such other Parts of Ireland other than those so before described, shall also be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities exceeding Two Galions, a further Duty of 0 fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland for One Month And for every successive Month or each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, shall be duly authorised by a Ma-

Sstrate to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors in any ut. Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or open Place at such Fair -

o fell Home-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than 50 Galions, in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being a licensed Distiller -

'0 fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than 50 Galions, in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits To keep a Malt House, the working or drying Floor whereof shall not exceed 1, 400 square Feet, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpose of bing 2GBt.III. Kk

 /. d.

33 0 0

22 o o it o o

1100

1. o o 100

200

2100

2100

tiled

SCHEDULE

Licences -5  continued.

used in any Brewery or DfftiUery, for each and every Cistern or Kiln, whichever shall be the greatest in Nunw! ber, in each and every Malt House in which such Buffi- ness shall be carried on To keep a Malt House of any other Si^e or Dimensionr and make Malt for Sale, or to be ufefl in any Brewery* or Distillery, for each and every Cistern or Kiln, whichever shall be the greatest in Number, m each and -every Ma't House in Which such Business shall be carried on in] the following Places; viz,

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Koafl* furrolinding the said City, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Thcenix, and in any Place beyond the said Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant theiefrOm, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City' of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey,) or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any other Place within the Distrfft of the Excise1 Office-of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than1 Five Miles therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public 'Lamps therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, 'Londonderry and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Calhell, Castlebar, Clonmel], Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinsale, IJfburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein, respectively In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described -

To fell Malt (the Party felling the same not being licensed to make Malt) -

To brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, for each and every Brewhouse in the following Places, viz.

In the City.of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or beyond the said Circular Road and Wall.of His Majesty's

d r.l

6 c

51 ifr

1

21 cl

!"i

21 01

B

AB-tin-

ia pep. DJ.

P*7*

(A.)

JLic#icp$  continued.

Parkxhe Phoenix, not wore tjiap tant there/rom, pr wWbu jfce City of Co/h, or; the City of Waterford, or the City of Ljmerick (including all Places fur/oupded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the, City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey), or wit hip ^he Town of Belfast

Within the refi of the respective Countfe? of the Paid Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or within Poe Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein, of fn ajiy Place within the Diltrj& of the Excite Office, c^jDublin, beyond the Circular Ro^id and \Vall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, <3if tant tnore than Two M1v'8 therefrom, and npt distant wore than Fiye -Miles thet^ from Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlonje, B^linafloe, Ba^dpp, Carlow, CaiheJl, Ca&lebar, Clpi\mell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, ftnnis, Lnnifhilhn, Galway, Kinsale, Li/bume, Longford, Loughrea, MaUow, Newry, New jRofs, lig9, Tipperary, Trajlee, Wexford and You^hall, and within One Mile of, the Market House.flirM^et place therein respteftively -

In any othfr JRJnqc in Ireland To manufacturee Tobacco in any jpnanner And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table ejcqeeding One Table, which pay JPerion w^tA$pring Tobacco shall be licensed to keep -

Tq deal in [Unmanufactured Tobacco, jejcqept typ. Wholesale Imppatqr only To fell by (Retail* or othqrwife deal in, Cof[ee, except Importers thereof, or P^fpfw licqnftjd, to fall Tea or Groceries

To manufactoo?, Candlf8 $nd Spap, pr of them, /or

Sale; vi^.

In the City of Djqblip, or within, the jCirpiilar Road surrounding thje lame, and in any City pr Town i( Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Twp Miles of the Se(fions Hopfe or Market House or Market Place thereof In any ptherTart.of Ireland To manufacture Paper Hangings fqr Sale -To fell Pager {Hangings, not fcwg the ^anufa^prer thereof; ryjz. r

In the City of Dublin, pr within Circular Road furroMnding sche same, and in any City.or Town p Ireland, fending a Member of Members to serve in Kki

Duty.

4

51 jo o

31 10 o

26 5 or 21 o c

8 8 o'!

440

ip 10 o

I I o

4 4 c I

32'

3 5 

PafliaincnL,

502

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty. 1

Licences  continued.  L

Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions

House or Market House or Market Place thereof 2 a o

In any other Part of Ireland 1X0

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits

and Strong Waters, for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing o icr 6

To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill 2 2 0

To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or

Made Wines - 5 5

To make Metheglin or Mead for Sale a a o

To make Vinegar for Sale C C 0

To fell Tea or Groceries, or either of them, including

Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Railins and Figs, by

Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road

surrounding the same, and in every City, Town and -

Place returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions

House, or Market House or Market Place of any such City, Town or Place 550

In any other Part of Ireland 3 3

To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road

surrounding the same, and in any City or Town in

Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions

House, or Market House or Market Place thereof 5 5

In any other Part of Ireland a 2 o

To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather I I 0

To dreU Hides and Skins in Oil 110

To make Vellum or Parchment - - I I 0

Toexercifc the Trade or Business of a Brazier or Worker

in Brass, Copper, Tin or other Metal, for making of

Stills, Still-heads and Worms of Stills, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular

Road surrounding the kune, and in any City or Town

in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions

House, or Market House or Market Place thereof - C 6 o

In any other Part of Ireland 3 3

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club House or Coffee House 2 2 0

To sell by Auction, viz.

Within the Difirid, of the Metropolis, or within

Six Miles of the CalUe of Dublin, or within the City

of Cork, Or the City of Waterford, Or the City of

1 Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of

i Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey), and within

Licences  continued.

the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfast In any other Part of Ireland To make Glass Bottles and other Vessela or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal -To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other Trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse or other Beali of Burthen., or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes; also Licences to Travelling Tinkers and Carters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale And further for every Horse or other Bead bearing or drawing Burthen which such Person rtiall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goods, Wares and Merchandizes To carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty To carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty, by way of Auction or on Commission To let to hire any Horse, for the Purpose of travelling Port, by the Mile or from Stage to Stage Any Certificate to be granted by any Distributor of Stamps to authorise any Person to kill Game in Ireland Any Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper, granted to any Person^by a Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland -

 /. d.

io io o 5 5

i i o

2 2 0

2 t O

O50

050

2 2 0

9

2 2 0

2 2 0

VII. Newspapers, Almanacks and Publications.

Any Newspaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences -

Any Hand Bill containing a single Advertisement, not otherwise charged, except Hand Bills respecting Charities, Robberies, Mureters, Loss of Property and Sales under Distress, Warrants or Executions, or for Rent -

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any time less than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer time than a Year, or for several Years 1 Any Dublin Directory

Any Army Lift (except such Lifts respectively as shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being) -

Any Daily Account, or Daily - Bill of Goods imported or Sported from Ireland, or Abstract thereof! included in or Kk 3

00

O O Q}

o 0 9

07 6

006

006

with

SCHEDULE (A.j Dnty.

Licences  continued. with any other Publication (except such Daily Accounts di- Bills of Iihports dr Exports as shall be printed or published by any Person or Persons authorised to print the same by ihe Lord Lieutenant, or dtlief Chief Governor of trdverhors df Ireland for the time being, and pursuant to the said Authority) Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into Or exported from Ireland, printed dr published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times as Accounts or Abstract of Accounts of such GdodS, for each Hdy'k Account Contained therein (except such Accounts or Bills of Import^ or xpdrt$ as shall be printed of publirtied by such Person of Person^ is aforesaid) - -  i. i o a I 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

Articles not staroped on Velluih; Parchment or Paper.

ARTICLES. Dstr.

FOR every Advertisement to be contained pr publiftied in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Accounts, to be p^blished weekly or ottener, or in any ofhef printed Papes or Pamphlet dispersed or made public t yearly, monthly or at any other interval of time, or m, any Hand Bill containing more than one Advertisement, and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council or Ad of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Privy Codiicil Of Iibfanci, which shall be contained or published, m any Gaz$ttej Ney?f-paper, Journal of Daily Account, other than the Dublin Ga-1

zette - - - For every Pamphlet or Paper not exceeding Six Sheets in Octavo, or in a lesser Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quartq, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for, every Sheet of anyJ Kind of Paper contained in One printed Copy or Impression thereof, a Duty 6f For any Assurance or Insurance; viz, For any Assurance Or Insurance of, any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Inteteftl whereon Insurance may be lawfully made against Loss ip any Voyage or Voyages, or from the lingers of, or other Peril* at Sea, where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contracted. for, i shall not exceed the Rate of zos. pet Cent. 5 b i

0 2

Schedule (B)  tentirwcd.

ARTICLES.

Duty.

For awy Voyage to or from any Port er Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Hands

Where the Sum mfured frail amount to look or any less Sum And so progressively for every iool. so insured And where the 8am insured frail exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part For any other Voyage where the Sam insured frail amount to iool. or any less Sum And so progressively for every iool. so insured And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of rool. each, by any fractional Part of iooL for such fractional Part And where the Premium, or Confide ration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid or coatra&ed for, frail exceed the Rate of 2os. per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty in all cases equal to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties respectively.

Any Assurance or Insurance for or upon anj Sum of One hundred Pounds, or any lefTer Sum, that is or mall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance, for iofuring Houses, Goods, Furniturej Warehouses, Merchandizes or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly

And for every Hundred Pounds of such Insurance, after the First Hundred, a like Sum of -

And where the Sum insured frail exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds each, by any fradional Part of One hundred Pounds, for such fractional Part -

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted or playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended ip Ireland For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland -

 /.

o I o I

o I

O 2 O 2

O 2 O 2

O 2 O '2

o 15

d.

3

3

3

6

6

6

6

6

o

o

SCHEDULE (C.)

Allowances.

To any Person who frail bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin to be stamged, or who frail buy any stamped Vellum, P archment or Paper, at the said Head Office, the Duties whereof respectively frail mount to Twenty Pounds or upwards ( save and except Vellum, Parch.

K k 4 ment

C. 87, 88.

A.D. 1812.

50 6

52 GEO. III.

Schedule ( C.)  continued* ment and Paper, to be stamped with any Duty of Ten Pounds orup-wards in the foregoing Schedules mentioned, or to be stamped with any Number of Stamps, amounting in the Whole to Ten Pounds on one Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper), an Allowance after the Rate of; One Pound and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, upon j

?rcmpt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or'aper, so brought or stamped.

To Stationers and Shopkeepers, who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts to the Amount at One and the same Time of 5I. in Cos* sideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper stamped for Receipts, but actually and bona fide felling the same for the Price of the Stamp only, 7I. 10s. for every tool, of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts; and so in Proposition for any greater or iefs Sum not under the Sum of 5I. This Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates ofj Postage in Great Britain.

[9th July 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's raoft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Sup* plies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and of making permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluihj tarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the addition# Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly^ beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, is this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famr, Additional Rates That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be law* r ful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and

Deputies by him thereunto authorised, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he shall cany, convey or fend Pod, in manner herein after mentioned, the additional Rates and Duties herein after specified, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce 5 that is to say,

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll within Grt* Britain, above the Dillauce of Twenty Miles from the Office where such Letters may be put in, to the Office where the same may be directed,

For every Single Letter, One Penny

For every Double Letter, Two pence

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Otnnce b Weight, Three pence;

And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four pence, and so in Proposition for ever) other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce;

So;

of Cottage granted.

Rates.

AJ3.1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 8fr. 507

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to and from Ireland,

For every Single Letter, One Penny:

For every Double Letter, Two pence:

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Three pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four pence, and so in Proposition for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to and from His Majesty's Dominions and Plantations in America,

For every Single Letter an additional Rate of Two pence:

For every Double Letter, Four pence: '

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Six pence

And for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight pence, and so in Proposition for every other Letter or Packet of* greater Weight than an Ounce

And for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to and from Parts beyond the Stas, whether within His Majesty's Dominions or not within His Majesty's Dominions,

For every Single Letter, an additional Rate of Two pence

For every Double Letter, Four pence

For every Treble Letter or other Letter und^r an Ounce in Weight,

Six pence

And for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight pence, and so in Proposition for every other Letter of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Rate* not t* contained shall extend or be construed to extend the said additional extend to Rates of Postage to Letters to be sent by the Post to and from the Guei^cK&c* Hands of Guernfeyt Jersey and the Isle of Man % (except the Rates payable for Conveyance within Great Britain) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And for the Port and Con- Rafrs for Let-veyance by the Post of every Letter, racket or Cover containing Pat- ters containing terns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff or Samples of other Goods or other Sort*

of Thing, not exceeding One Ounce in Weight, if the same LetterJ

or Packet or Cover shall be closed or not open at the Sides, an additional Rate of Two pence for every such Letter, Packet or Cover:

And for the Port and Conveyance by the Post of every Letter or Cover containing One or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or containing one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk or Stuff, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or One or more Piece or Pieces of any other Sort of Thing inclosed therein or affixed thereto though not on Paper, if the lame do not weigh One Ounce, an additional Rate of One Penny for every such Letter, so as every such Letter, Packet or Cover shall be sent open at the Sides and without any Letter or Writing in, upon, or with such Packet or Cover other than the Name or Names of the Person or Persons fending the same, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, and the Prices of the Articles contained therein or affixed thereto.

P ates not to extend to letters sent by or to Seamen and Soldiers under 3 5 G. 3. C. 53.

Powers of former AU extended to Act.

Duties paid to Re&ifet' Be* neruL

Money anting by Rates to be an Addition to Revenue.

Separate Account of Rates kept for 10 Years.

4 G. 3. c. 70.

C. 8a. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1a

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Dotting herein contained shall increase or after, of be construed to increase er alter the Amount or manner of charging the Rates of Pottage upon Single Letters to be sent by the Pott by or to Seamen or Privates employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiment;, Artillery or Marines upon their own private Concerns only whiti such Seamen and Privates shall be employed in the Public Service, made payable by an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating tin fending and reeeiving Letters ffee from the Duty of Po/lage; for ahba*-trig Non Commidtoned Officers, Seamen and private Men in the Navj and Army whiT/l on Service to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to It \ transmitted by the Poll at an rafter Pate than is now allowed by Lav; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwkli* (landing,

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Prori-fions, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures atd Distribution thereof, and all Clauses and other Matter* and Things contained In arty Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of pafflflg this Act, relating to the Pott Office, or any Rates at Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters Or Packets (and not repealed or altered by this Act), shall, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force, and be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fafne had been particularly repeated and re-fcnafted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted shall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the P6ft Office, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges for eol-lesting, paying and accounting for the same being first dedacted,) into the Receipt of His Majesty's EkcheqUer, on futh Days and Times, and in such mariner as "the present Rates and Duties ate dirtfted by LaW to be paid, rind the said Duties so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Cofifolidated Fuhd of Great BrtUtbi*

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising and to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or Say of them, shall be deemed art Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the IntreSfed Charges occasioned by arty Loan thade or to be made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of ParHaffwot.

VII. Provided always, and be it ertUsted, That the CoMmifiiotiers bf His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three br more of them, or the Lord High Tteaforer for the time bring, shall for the Period of Teh Years from the Commencement of tins Act catffe a separate and dHlinft AcCbrtnt of the additional Duties granted by this Act to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of Hrt present Majesty, intituled An Act fht dkrffing certain Public Accounts to he laid annually before Parliament, etnd for difsmb tihmog cerlah1 other Forms of Account now in use; and the Monies

arihog

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. in C. 88, 89. s9

from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent afi to the Public Revefittt of Great Britain, for the Purpose of any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or t erfeated* by Authority of any Act of Parliament puffed or to ira in the pfeferti Srffioh off rarliamerff

41. And be it further enacted, That if &riy Perfbri Or Persons General Issue. rL liny thne df times be fuedj tfiolefted or protected for any by bitn, her or theni done or executed in pursuance of this car of any Claafb, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Per-r Terfttns shall and may plead the General Issue* and give the I Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence; and ifI!e Trial si Verdict shall pai? for the Defendant or Defendants* r Pl^ihttff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Deri* or Defendants shall have I'reble Cods to him, her or them Treble Costs, fl any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

1- And be it further enacted, this Act maybe altered. Act altered, &c.

I or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present li bf Parliktaent.

CAP. LXXXIX.

For charjj ng an additional Duty on Copper imported to Great Britain, until the Expiration of Six Calendar oritHs after ihe Ratification of a definitive Treaty of

[0th^/yi8.*.]

|fcy H.EREAS it is expedient* that the Duty on certain Sorts of Copper imported into threat Britain mould be increased.a limited time: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent

by and with the Advice and ConTetit of the Lords Spi- and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af->b?d, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Additional Duty passing. of this Act. there shall be raised, levied, collected and of aol paid for tirito His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty vyTon of Irijxoriis of Twenty Pounds for every Ton Weight of Copper of ^hadcou^ ToHowing Descriptions, imported into G retit Britain, and not Exportation.1 ehpufca Tor Exportation 5 videlicet, Copper in fericks or Pigs, e Copper, Cad Copper, Copper in Plates, Copper Coiti, and >per in Bars, Rods or Ingots* hammered or raised, and Copper z anA tfrat on the due Exportation of any such Copper, on on tire Duties by this Act, imposed shall have been paid, there 1 be paid and allowed a Drawback of the Whole of the said Sea which additional Duty and Drawback shall be managed. Levied and p; id ed, levied, cdllested, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated and as Duties and Kea in such and the like manner, and by the same Ways, Means Drawbacks by Methods, in every respect, as the Duties and Drawbacks of9*-

(loins imposed and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth ar of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and f.r in dag other Duties in lieu hhcYtof, &fe friahkged, raised, levied, collect, paid, recovered-, allowed* appropriated and applied.

II. And be it further enacted, iThat this Act shall continue in Counuan rce until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratifi- of Act.

XuStk bf k delWtivd Treaty of fe4ce.

P'

5io C. 9o>9i>92* 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

CAP. XC.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

Irish Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear la* " terest. 1. Bills issued not to exceed 500,000. Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall cease. 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irish Consolidated Fund. 4. Bills to be chargeable thereon. 5. Bank of Ireland may advance the Sum of 500,000. on the Credit of this Act. 6.

CAP. XCI.

*7 G. 3. I.) C. 40.

36 G. 3. (I.)

C. 13.

44 G. 3. c. 90. Irish Acts further continued.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large; which said recited Act was continued and amended by an Act made in the Parliament of

Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better and more convenient Admimifration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way, at the Sessions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this Kingaom % except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Ady intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large; and which said recited Act was further continued by an Act made hi the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and is now

near expiring j and it is expedient that the same should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as the same is amended by the said recited Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same is hereby further continued, and shall be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Acts ior appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per- quisites

quisites and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appointing, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per quisites

and Emoluments which are or have been lately received in the several 1 Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money in Ireland; and the said recited Act has, by certain Acts made in the Forty fifth. Forty seventh, Forty ninth, ' Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, been continued with Amend*

ments until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year as amended by the said other recited Acts, should be continued in manner. herein after mentioned; Be it therefore m&ed by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Tear aforesaid, as amended by the said other recited Acts, shall be and the said Acts hrd hefeby further continued until the First Day of

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be issued over and it>ove the Sum9 mentioned in the said recited Acts of the Forty fourth, Forty seventh, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty first Years aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners under the hid recited Acts or any Three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands desire or direct, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, and in such manner, and in such Propositions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf; and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the Course of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, Without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the same on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall appoint.

44 G. 3. c. 106

45 G. 3. c. 65. 47 G. 3. SeflT. 1. c. 41.

49 G 3. c. 51.

50 G. 3. c. 81.

51 G. 3. c. 81.

Further continued.

Treasury of Ireland may issue a, ocol. for Payment of Clerks, See.

jv GEO. III. C. 93.

Additional Duties on Male Servants;

Carri ijres; Hori'es;

Mules;

Dogs

Horle Dealers;

OameCertifi-

Mtes.

4*0. v 5.

30 G. 3 c. 104. Duties consolidated with formtr Duties

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty jcertaia Jftew and additional Duties of Afleiled Taxes; and for xoofcdidaling the same with the former Duties of Aflefied Taxes.

[9th July 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WJ ^t; ur Majesty's m<dt dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Goro-

mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ajud irxlajJ, t in Parliament aflerablrd, have, towards raising the nqce&ry yip- plies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and jmaking

<* permanent Addition to the Public Revenue of Great Britain irtrif

and voluntarily refulxed, to grant certain new ar\d additional Dutk*,

in the manner and to the Amount contained in the xefpeifcre ' Schedules hereunto annexed $* and we do most humbly jhefcech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it goa&ed by lb? King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coo-fen t of die tLords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be affisfTcd, raised, -levied and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout Great Britain in respect of Male Servants, and other Male Persons retained J or employed by any Person or Persons in any of the several Capacities mentioned in the Schedule to, this Act annexed marked {C.J; and in respect of Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedule to this Act anurxed marked (D.). apd the Makers and Sellers thereof respectively and in rpfpeft of Horses, Marcs and Geldings, kept by any Person or Persons for any of the Piupufe? mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (); and of all other Horses, Mares or <Geldings, not before charged f and upon Mtjles described in the tSchodiilc to this Act annexed j marked (F.); and of all Dog6 of any of the Descriptiorvs mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G ); jvud upon all Horse Dealers reading within, the respoftive Umits.described in the Schedule, to this Act annexed marked; (H.); and upon all Persons in respect of their taking or killing iGame, or other Things.mentioned in the Schedule.to this Act annexed marked (X, .), and as fat f forth in the said Schedule; the several new and additional Duties respectively inserted, described and set forth jukthe (laid Jexeral'Schedules, respectively marked as aforesaid.

II. And whereas it is.expedient that the said oew and additional ' Duties should be consolidated with the Duties granted by the Tw

several A^s paflbd in the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Yeap nf

His present Majesty's Reign, on the same Articles respectively f Be it further enacted, That the.laid Duties granted by the said Mte of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, shall be confolkklcd with the Duties granted by this Act on the same Articles reflectively 5 and that from and after the respective Periods mcptionod.vi this Act, or in the said several Schedules, fortbe Commencemeat of the said Duties respectively, the several Duties granted by the M Acts, and this Act, .shallbeaffefTed, levied and paid, in.one Sunwas set forth and described in the several Schedules annexed to this Act, and the Rules therein respectively mentioned $ which several Schedules,

A.D. 1812.

5*3

3a* CEO. III. C. 93.

dales, Duties and Ridel, shall be coirftrued as part of this M, and as if the same were incorporated therewith under a foecial Eoaftmet*.

III. And be it further enacted, That the fan! new and confo-Ikbted Duties shall be afleffect, raised, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provisions and Regulation* of this Act and of the faveral Aftsin force, at end immediately before the passing of this Act, in relation to the Dufies granted by the said Acts of the 'Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, or of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament; and this Act shall be construed in such manner, and to the like Effect in all respects as if the Duties hereby granted and mentioned in the respective Schedules hereto annexed were expressly granted, under and subject jto the fever*! Proxifions, Allowances and 'Penalties in thefad several Acts contained, as if the Tevcral Provisions, Allowances and Penalties were expressly enabled in this Act.; and ftiat from the respective Periods ra the said Schedules prescribed for the Commencement of the said Duties, the Schedules to this Act annexed shall be used and practised m ascertaining and charging the several Rates of Duty, in lieu of the several Schedules for the like Purposes contained in any of the said Acts before mentioned, whidh last mentioned Schedules, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall from thenceforth respectively pcafe and determine; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties/Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in such Acts respectively, so far as the tore are respoftively applicable to the Duties grantedhy this Act, acept where other-Provisions are made in this Act, fhftl severally and respectively in the Execution of this Act, be duly observed, pra&Hed and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the: same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Di-rc&ions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things (except is aforesaid, ), were particularly and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the^ody of this Act, and shall* Severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, in like manner as if the famrhad*been enacted therein, and expressly applied*to the Duties hereby granted, (except as aforesaid).

IV. Atid*be it further enacted, That the 'Persons appointed or to be appointed Assessors of the Duties granted by the said Acts of the 'Forty eighth and Tiftieth Years aforesaid for the current Year, commencing in 'England and Wales from the Fifth Day of if/ri/jDoe thousand eight hundred and twelve, and in Scotland irom the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be done, to give or leave at every House, and to every Person residing the rein, who ffoll he separately chargeable to the Duties by this Act granted, and to cvenr Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership of Persons so chargeable, such Notices in Writing as may be-conformable to the Schedules in this Act contained, and neeeffaryto obtain a due Assessment of the Duties granted by this Act for the current Year commencing as aforesaid, requiring such Parties respectitety to prepare and produce, within Twenty one Day3 next ensuing the Date of such Notice, a List or Lifts, or Declaration or Declarations in Writing, in the Forms and in the manner herein after requited.

Additional Duties how raised.

Sched ules, ire. made toce&fe.

Notifies* left, of

additional Duties requirjijf Returns.

5*4

C-93*

53 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Persons liable to return Lifts of A nicies kept in preceding Year.

Additional Duties assessed fr r Current Year,

wcctpt on Game Certificates, which commence from 3th April 1813.

In certain cases additional Duties: Hefted without iuather Returns*

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership, who shall have employed any Male Person specified or described, or intended to be spe* cified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C ), or shall have kept any Carriage specified or defcnbid, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (D.), or shall have carried on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or have fold or repaired any Carriages in the said Schedule mentioned, or kept any Horse, Mare or Gelding, specified or described, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (E.), or any other Horse, Mare or C elding, or Mule specified or described, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (F.;, or any Dog specified or described, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G ), or who shall have used or exercised the Trade or Business of a Horse Dealer, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked ( H.), within the Year preceding the Fifth Day of April and the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve respectively as aforesaid, shall, (in every case where a due and sufficient Return, whereon the said new or additional Duties hereby granted can be com- 1 puted, shall not have been made pursuant to the said Acts relating I to the said present Duties on the same Articles respectively) within 1 Twenty one Days next ensuing the Date of such Notice, cause to be prepared true and particular Lifts in Writing, signed by such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or rartnership, or on his, her or their Behalf, by some Person or Persons.duly authorised for that Purpose of the several Articles, Matters and Thingi, in respect whereof such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, j Society or Partnership, shall be liable, and the particular Parish or i Parishes where the Assessment or Assessments of the Current Year is I or are intended to be paid; which Lifts shall respectively contain j the several Matters and Things required by the several Schedules to this Act annexed, or the Rules relating to the same, and shall be made in such Form and Manner as shall be required in and by the said Notices respectively; and every such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership of Persons, shall be afieffed and charged to the said new and consolidated Duties contained in the several Schedules in this Clause mentioned, for the Whole of the Current Year, commencing as aforesaid, at the total Rate specified in the several Schedules hereinbefore mentioned, subject to such further Charges in default of sufficient Returns, and to such Power of Appeal as are prescribed and given by any of the Statutes in force in relation to the said. Duties granted by the said Acts of the Forty*eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid: Provided that no AlTeffmeat of the said additional Duties by this Act granted and contained in the Schedule to this Act marked (L.), shall be made for the Current Year, commencing as aforesaid; which said additional Duties last mentioned shall ieverally commence and take Efled from and after the Fifth Day of April and the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in the respective Parts of Gnti Britain, beione mentioned, and not before: Provided also, that where a due and sufficient Return shall have been made before the passing of this Act, according to the said Acts relating to the said present, Duties*

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 93. 515

Duties, whereon the said additional Duties on the like Articles can be charged and assessed, pursuant to the Rules contained in the said several Schedules, without any further Return for the Current Year, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners to cause the said new and additional Duties to be computed and charged on the Returns so made pursuant to the said Acts, at the total Rate of the said present and additional Duties for the Current Year, subject to Appeal as by the said Acts is directed

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Commissioners case where the Assessments of the said Duties, granted by the said authorised in Acts of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, shall have cerJain c*fe*to been or shall be completed before the Retunis required by this Act Asse^imwitof can be made of the several Articles on which new or additional additional Duties are by this Act granted, it shall be lawful for the respective Duties for Assessors and Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts Current Year and this Act, and they are hereby required, in every such case, to make separate Assessments for the present Year, of the said new and additional Duties by this Act granted, and to cause the same to be collected, under the same Regulations and Provisions, in all Tefpeds, as if the said new and additional Duties had beeo added to the Assessments of the said present Duties, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act before mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, Corporation, Returns made of Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership, liable to the said new consolidated

or consolidated Duties, shall, in every Year, commencing after the litres m every Determination of the Current Year as aforesaid, cause to be prepared ture Year* tid delivered to the respective Assessors for that Year, or Persons iding as such for their respective Districts, Parishes or Places, or one of them, true and particular Lids as directed by the said several Statutes in force as aforesaid and this Act; which Lifts shall be prepared in the Form herein prescribed, and as directed by this Act, and shall renew the same in the same manner in every Year so long as such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership, shall be liable to the said Duties, or any of them, and shall be thereafter annually chargeable according to such Lifts, which ought to be delivered in each Year, by such ways and means as are directed by the said several Statutes in force as aforesaid and this Act 5 and every Assessment so made shall be deemed an Assessment for the Year in which such Lifts ought to be delivered.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons Commissioneri who now are or for the time being shall be Commissioners for putting under former in Execution the said Acts respectively, and who shall be respectively

qualified and authorised to ad, and who shall have taken the Oaths Aga as directed by the several Acts before mentioned, or any of them respectively as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs,

Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged,

within England? Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, and in all- and every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs in Scotland; and other Officers

the several Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors and Inspectors respectively under former

appointed, or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts may

Acts, shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors and In* execute Ad.

52 Geo. III. L1 v spedors

JLb.ttn.

C.JJ.

speftoteb pttt ki Execution this Act, within the Limits of thor tespective Districts or Divafions to which they are or shall he rrfpee-tiv^Iy appointed; and they respectively are hereby empowered and paired to do all things necessary for putting this Act in Execs-tfon, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in tfe fiftl and ample a manner as they or any of them are, is, or M be authorised to pat in Execution the said fevered Ada; and tk Duties hereby granted, when paid, shall he under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs off Taxes for the time teing, appointed or to be appointed by HisM^fty, his Hdfs or Saccendrs.

Duties carried to

IX. And be it further Enacted, That all the Monies

ConfoUdettod the Duties hereby Imposed, or by tlte Duties hereby to

(4fhe necessary 'ChWges of raffing and accounting for the lime citrine to time be into the -Receipt of I&

er at Westminster m -one Sum, to the Accent 'bf Assessed Taxes, and shall be carried to tmd made Pan of the Cre-fbHdated Fund of Great Britain.

Account of new X. Provided always, and be it further ettacted, That the Cai* Duties kept for vnifRoners df His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time berog, a

Xirjr Threeor morem them, or the Lorfl High Treaftrrer for til time being, shall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commend 'ttient 'Of this Act, fcatfe separate and 'dfltinft Accounts of the Prt ddee of the Duties payable by virtue of this Act to be prepiredi Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, purfa

4 G. 3. c. 7a lo an Act passed in the Forty'fecodd Year of the Reign of H

feiit Majesty, intituled An JfQ for ifitr&hg ccttain Pt/bRck A Ho be hid*ttrfnu*Ify 'before 'Parliament, tmdfot difeortthuAng certain otb 'Forttu tif Aectutit ritftu An ttfe; and the Monies Urffing born the Ca tldW and additional Duties ihdl he deemed a pennanerit Tncreafel the Public Revenue of Orettt Britain, for the Purpose of defwyni airy incrfeUfed Charge oceftfionedhy any Loan made or Stock cma by Authority of tidy Act of Parliament passed or to he pdTed in t ptdferst Session of Parliament.

Act altered, &c.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act, Or any tif rtre Pit-

Vifidns 'thetedf, may he altered, varied or repealed, by any Act w Acts'tohc'irtade in this present SdOon of Parnattient.

SCHEDULE

4.8ja.

5 2 GEO. ^I.

C^>3.

5*7

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE SERVANT retained or employed by auy Person or Persons in the several Capacities to be mentioned.

No. i.

NUMBER OF SERVANTS. Amount of Duty for each Servant.

 s. d.

( For i such Servant -, r 040

2 Do. - 960

3 Do. - 090

' 4 Do. 090

5 Do. - - -1 090

'*Do. 090

7 Do. - - - -1 090

8 Do. 090

9 Do. - - - - j 0 10 0

io Do. - - - -1 O ID 0

li Do. and upwards - - - 0 12 O

For every such Servant retained or employed by any

j Male Person, never having been married, over and

} above the before mentioned Duties, the further

1 "Sum of - 0 6 0

j In Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the1

Act jelled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

RULES relating to the said Duties.

I.  The said Duties to be paid by the Mailer or Mid refs of such Servants respectively, and to extend to apd be, payable for every Male Servant retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confedhoner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Pottiilion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Matter or Millrefs, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntsman, Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be calied, or whether such Male Servants shall have been retained or employed in One or more of the said Capacities, (except where other Duties are imposed by this Act on Male Persons occa-fmnally employed in One or more of the said Capacities,) and to every such Servant let to hire with any Carriage or Horses for One Year, or any longer Period, and shall be charged upon the created Number of such Servants which the same Person shall have kept at one time in the course of the preceding Year, in any of the Capaciti^ before mentioned.

L 1 2 II.  The

To what Servants extended.

A.D. 1812.

5*

Servants in Taverns.

Gardeners.

Apprentices.

Game Keepers.

Coachmen, &c.

Grooms, &c.

c. 93.

52 GEO. III.

Schedule (C.) No. 1. Rules  continued.

II.  The said Duties shall extend to all Servants in any of the

Capacities before mentioned, employed in Taverns, Coffee Houses, Inns, Ale Houses, or any other Houses licensed to fell Wine, Ale or other Liquors by Retail, and in Eating or Victualling Houses, and in Hotels or Lodging Houses of whatever Description, although not licensed, except Hoftlers and Helpers in the Stables of such licensed Persons, and Drivers employed by them to drive their Carriages with Horses let out to hire, and except Waiters.

III.  The said Duties on Gardeners shall extend to every Gar- dener who shall have contracted for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens wherein the constant Labour of a Person shall be nect fary, or where a Person shall have been constantly employed thei to be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use and in wl Garden such Gardener or Person shall have been employed, except herein after mentioned.

IV.  The said Duties shall extend to all Apprentices retained

employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, save and except fuc Apprentices as shall have been imposed upon any Master or Mistre under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and Pari Officers by any Act or Acts of Parliament, so as the Number of so< Apprentices for whom this Exemption shall be claimed by the fad Person shall not exceed Two, being generally employed in the Affa of Huffiandry or Trade, and occassionally only in any of the Ca| cities herein enumerated, and not wearing Livery. 1

V.  The said Duties on Game Keepers shall extend to every PI son retained or employed to kill or preserve Game for the Use of i other Person or Persons, whether lawfully appointed to kill or prefer Game or not, to be paid by the Person or Persons retaining or a ploying such Persons respectively for the Uses aforesaid, exes Game Keepers, being the Servants of other qualified Persons dl returned by and charged to the said Duties ax Servants of such otl Persons.

VI.  The said Duties shall extend to every Person who shall employed in the Capacity of a Coachman, Poftiilion, Groom Helper in the Stables, although such Person shall have been retaiq for the Purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade, whe the Master or Mistress of such Person shall be chargeable with Dut for any Carriage (other than a Taxed Cart), or for Two or mat Horses chargeable with the Duty on Horses kept for the Purpose riding or drawing Carriages as herein mentioned.

VII.  The laid Duties shall extend to every Person who ihaS 1 employed as a Groom, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of t Master or Mistress, to take care of any Horle, Mare or Gelding, tj Property of such Master or Mistress, kept for the Purpose of i-aeh" or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money or other Thing, in training for any of the said Purposes.

SCHEDUL

I

]8l2.

52 GEO. III. C. 93. $19

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 2.

'HEDULE of the Duties payable annually for MALE SERVANTS and other Persons retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned.

every Under Gardener or Person employed to  s. d, rk in any Garden, under any Person chargeable the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.) No. 1.$ every Gardener employed in any Garden where the constant Labour of a Person shall not be ne-Tary; and for every Gardener who shall have con-sted for the keeping of any such Garden wherein constant Labour of a Person shall not be necef-p, the Sum of - - -040

[n Addition to the Duty of 16/. granted by the Acts passed in the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Under Gardeners.

be paid by each Person in whose Garden such Person shall be By whom paid, red, and charged upon the greatest Number of such Servants the same Person shall have at one time employed in the same ty is the course of the preceding Year.

4PTIONS from the Duties as set forth in Schedule (C.)

No. 1. and 2.

Person employed by the Day or Week to work as a Day Day Labourers, rtr, at the usual Rate of Wages for Day Labourers in Agri-, in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House, being a House, and exempted as such from the Duties mentioned in tie (B.) of the Act of 48th Geo. 3. Cap. 55. or in any Garden ing to a Dwelling House, not chargeable to the Duties men-in the said Schedule, such Garden not requiring the constant rof one Person therein.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 3.

HEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE RSON retained or employed in the several Capacities herein honed, and not chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (C.)

1.

very Male Person employed in the Capacity of  x. d.

as a Rider or Traveller, where the same Em-lyer shall keep or employ one such Male Person ly, the Sum of - 0 12 0

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 8x. granted by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. where the same Employer shall keep or employ 3tc than one such Male Person for each the Sum 1 20 0

Lis

Travellers.

In

5aa

Clerks, &c.

Stewards, &c.

Shopmen.

Walters.

Occasional

Waiters.

StaMckeepers*

Men.

C.y$. 5*' GEO; IHv

Schedule (C.)l Wb*. 3.  continued-

In Addition to the Duty of 3/. ioj. granted by the said Act'.

For every Male Person employed so the Capacity of, of as Clerk, Book Keeper of Office Keeper where the same Employer ffiaE keep 6t employ ctfe such Mate Person only, the Strtfl of -

In Addition to the Ditty of tl. 4*. gnaawd by the said Act;

And where the same Employer (bast keep or employ more than one focti Male Person for eaoh tile-Stats of

In Addition to the Duty of it. &f. granted by the said Act.

For every Male Person employed in the Capacity of, or as a Steward, Bailiff, Uverfeer of Manager o# Clerk under a Steward, Bb$#, OvOrfeer of Manager, the Sum of -

For every Male Person employed by any Person iff Trade as a Shopman, for the Purpose of exposing to Sale, or felling Goody, Wares or Merchandize, irr fetch Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholefaleor Retail, and every Male Person employed as a Ware-houseman, Porter or Cellarman ih such Shop or Warehouse* the Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of it. $r. granted ty the said Act.

And fot every Male Person so emplbyecf, Wfceftf the Duty granted by the said Act ffiafl not be chargeable, the annual Sum of Fot every Male Person employed as Walter td Walt J on Guests in any Tavern, Coffee Hotife, fnn, Ale House, Eating or Victualling Hou&, of In any fitotel or Lodging House, except occasional Waiters, the Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. yj. granted by the said Act.

And for every Male Person so employed, where the Ditty granted by the said Act shall net be tbaige- able, the Sum Of -

And for every Male Person so employed as an oeea> fionai Waiter therein for the Period of Six Calendar Months in any Year, the Sum of -And if so employed for a foffer Period thatt Six Calendar Months so any Year* the Sum of And for every Male Person, not Befog a Sertfcfit, employed as an occasional Waiter in any private House, not kfs than Six tnhes within the Yeir* the Sum of -

For every Male Person employed by iriiy Sttfefc Keeper, for or so Expedatkm 6f Profit, to take Care of any Horfo, Mate or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of racing ot running for any Plate, Prize,

lay

A.D. 1fria.

A t.

' O it 6

I I

p o- 11 0

i I

; i o 0

a 16 r

4

2 > 0 6 r$ 6

S 0 0

e

100

100

Sam

A&i&iju

ja GEO. III.

Schedule (G.) No. 3. - caaiiwiL

C-9h

}U

O 16 O

a q Q

o 10 0

Sum of Money or other Thing, or any Horflr, & u d* Mare or Gelding in training for any of the said Purposes, except Servants chargeable as Qrooms or Helpers m Stables by Schedule (C.) No. I. the Sum of.- -

In Addition to the Duty of iL 4J. granted by the said Act.

And for every Male Person (o employed* where th*

Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable, the Sum of - For every Male Person retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, Manu/adure or Trade wherein the Employer shall seek a Livelihood, and at any time employed in any doroeftic Employment, in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) No. 1., and where the Employer shall not be chargeable to the Duties in the said Schedule, or to any other of the Duties in this Schedule, in refjpcd of such Male Person, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 6s, granted by the said Act

And for every Male Person 0 retained and employed, where the Duty granted by the said Act shall pot be chargeable, the Sum of - For every Male Person retained for the purposes of Husbandry, Manufacture or Trade, and at any time employed in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stable where the Master or Mil-tref|.shall be chargeable for One Horse to the Duty contained in Schedule (E)No. 1. or to the Duty on a Taxed Cart, and not on any other Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, and in respect of such Male Person shall not be chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (C.) No. 1. or to any other of the Duties in this Schedule, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 6s. granted by the (hid AA.

And for every Male Person so retained and employed, where the Duty granted by the said Act foali not be chargeable, the Sum of - For every Male Person employed in apy of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) Np.i. and not being a Servant to his Employer or Employers, where such Employer or Employers shall be charge* able to any of the Duties contained in Schedule (C.)

No. 1. or for any Carriage to tte Duties contained in Schedule (D.) No. 1. or No.a. or for more th30 One Horse to the Duties coo taioed in Schedule (E*)

No. 1. the Sum of -

And where such Employer or Employers shall PQt be so chargeable to the said lait mentioned Duties the Sum or -

LI 4

040

o 10 o

a fc 9

Q Q

The

Servants in Husbandry.

Servants in Husbandry employed as Grooms.

Servants.

AJ3.t8f2*

S22 C. 93. 52 GEO. III.

Schedule (C:,) No. 3.  continued.

By whom paid. The Dutje8 to be paid by the Employer or Employers of such Male Persons respectively, and to extend to every Body Politic or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and to every Society, Fraternity or Partnership, although not Corporate, employing such Male Persons, and to every Trade, Manufacture or Concern whereby the Employer shall seek a Profit or Advantage.

EXEMPTIONS to Schedule (C.) No. 3.

Apprentices ex- Any Apprentice bound for the Term of Seven Years, during the tmpted. Term of his Apprenticeship and Service with his original Matter or

his Assignee of the whole unexpired Term, where no Premium or other Consideration or Value shall have been takeu or contracted for with such Apprentice.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on SERVANTS let to

Hire.

Coachmen, &c. For every Coachman, Groom, Pottilliou or Helper,  s.

let to Hire. kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of rime less than One Year and in such manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire shall not be payable by any Postmaster, Innkeeper or other Person duly licensed

to let Pott Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 4/. granted by the said Act. 0 6 0

Stage Coach- And for every Coachman kept for the Purpose of driv-

men. ing any public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, and for every Person employed as a Guard to such Stage Coach or Carriage, the annual Sum of The said last mentioned Duties to be paid by the Employer or Employers of such Persons respectively. 2 10 0

By whom paid.

The said Duties to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping such publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, or letting to Hire such Coachmen, Grooms, Postillions or Helpers; provided that if the Person or Persons hiring any such Coachman, Groom, Postillion or Helper, shall not make a Return thereof according to the Directions of the said Acts in force as aforesaid, then and in every such case the progressive Duty made payable by the said Act of 48th Geo. 3d, Cap. 55. and this

ill.

C. 93-:

S2 GEO. III.

Schedule (C.) No. 4.  continued, t, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said A At -(C.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Ser- the Person or Persons hiring such Servant, and making such as aforesaid, according to the Number of Servants employed her or them, in the manner directed by the said Act.

5*3

OPTIONS from the last mentioned Duties as set forth in Schedule (C.) Nb. 1. and 2.

The said Duties not to be payable by any Person who shall Servants in: ained or employed bona fide any Male Servant solely for the Husbandry. s of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, h the Mailer or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood t, and who hath not at any time or Occasion, or in any manner, ny Purpose, been employed in any of the Capacities enume-Schedule (C.J No. 1. and 2. nor in any of the Capacities ited in Schedule (C.)No.3# and 4. whereon any Duty is illy made payable.

The said Duties not to be payable by any College or Hall College, &c. tither of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the feve- Servants, eges of Westminster, Eaton or Winchester, for any Butler, le. Cook, Gardener or Porter 5 nor by any of the Royal Royal Family'* for any Servant acting in any of the Capacities aforesaid. Servants. -The said Duties not to be payable by any of the Royal Hospital Sei-Js of Christ, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint yams* i, in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or sr the Foundling Hospital.

-The said Duties not to be payable by any Officer herein after Officers Scr-

jd, such Officer retaining or employing as a Servant one Male VRnt*

only; that is to say, by any Officer serving in any Regiment

fe or Dragoons tinder the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a

)fficer, for one Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regi-

Troop or Squadron to which such Officer shall belong:

by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry,

Marines, Royal Garrison Battalions or Corps of Engineers,

Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Com-) which such Officer shall belong

by any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a and Commander, in actual Employ, for one Servant borne he Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong: by any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army trines, who shall have been disabled by Loss of a Limb or id received in His Majesty's Service, for one Male Servant re-by him.

-The laid Duties not to be payable for any Persons retained or Servants to yed in the above Capacities in the Room of others, who may Supply those iled out under any Ad which has been patted, or which shall fled for training and exercising a Military Force within these rainm* doms, during the time of such training and exercising.

SCHEDULE

5*

Cm'ogtt.

Carriages.

C*J>3*

GBQ.BE.

SCHEDULE (D.>

A SCHEDULE of tke Du tie* pwymbl* on alt Carnage* of the Description* to be montieoedl

No. i.

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES.

el

Duty for eacfe Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Whada* of the Descriptions mentioned in the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

For such Carriage the annual Sum of a Do.

3 Do.

4 Dck

5 Do.

0 Do.

7 Do.

8 Do.

9 Do. and upwards

And for every additional Body kept, to be fwccef

lively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels the further annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

 1. I

o xj

0 13

Q X*

1 o

1 3

S

a <S

7

7

Q 14 O

SCHEDULE (D.) No. 2.

For Carriages with Ws than Four Wheels, of the Descriptions mentioned in the Acts passed hi the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: For every such Carriage, except such Carriages for or in respect of which other Duties are herein impeded, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 5/. i8x. granted by the said Acts of the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And for every such Carriage where the Duty granted by the ford Acts shall not be chargeable, the annual Sum of

And for every facb Carriage, drawn by Two or more

Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 8/. p. granted by the nd Aftt*

And for every additional Body kept, to be successivdy used on the same Carriage or Wheeb, the farther

annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. i6x* granted by the said Act.

 1. d. o 13 o

6 10 o

o 15 o 1

070

RULES

s* c3e0.ro.

c-93*

RULES' for charging the said Duties in the Two foregoing Schedule*.

I.  The said Duties to be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafb, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable Or Caravan, with Four Wheels or more; and for every Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair or Car, with lefo than. Four Wheels, or any Number thereof respectively; and for every other Carriage with reur Wheels, or with Iefs than Four T^heels, con-flrutted for the like Purposes, by whatever Name or Names the same Ball be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons; and upon all such Carriages hired by the Year, or any longer Period;

upon all such Carriages kept to be let out to Hire; and upoa all such Carriages at any time employed to carry Passengers for Hire, (except such Carriages for which other Duties are herein after made jnyable); and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Carriages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or if more than One, upon the Bodies of such Carriages reflectively, according to the Number thereof kept, and not in respect in the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels (half be attached.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 3.

For Carriages hired for any Period of Time Iefs than '  s. d. One Year, or kept to be let to Hire, or to carry Passengers

For every Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, without Horses to be used therewith, by any Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages, where such Carriage shall have four Wheels, the annual Sam of - - - - 0150

In Addition to the Duty of 11/. 5/. granted by the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And where such Carriage shall have Iefs than Four

Wheels, the like Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2 of this Act.

For every Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, with Horses to be used therewith, by any Postmaster, Innkeeper or other Person duly licensed to let Poll Horses, by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Velfom, Parchment and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Pbrce or Places of Abode, of the Person or Persons so licensed shall be marked or painted, according to the Directions of the Acts in that case made

I and provided, and in such manner that the Stamp Office Duly shall be payable by Law in respect of the Horses ret therewith, and fhaw be duly accounted for by the Delifcry of a Ticket, according to the

Directions

Carriages.

Chatfes.

A.D. 1812.

526

Sujes.

[Proviso.]

c. 93.

52 Geo. in.

Schedule (D.) No. 3.  continued.

Directions of the said A As, where such Carriage shall have Four Wheels, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 9/. 9/. granted by the said Act of the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And if such Carnage shall have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. in Addition to the Duties respectively granted thereon, by the said Acts passed in 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

For every Coach, Diligence, Caravan or Chaise, with Four Wheels or more, or other Carriage with Four Wheels or more, by whatever Name the same shall be called or known, which shall be kept and employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the like annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 9/ 9j. granted by the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said last mentioned Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the same for the Purpose aforesaid.

Provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers according to the Directions of the said Acts relating to the said present Duties, the progressive Duty made payable by the said Act of the 48th Geo. III. Cap. 55. and this Act, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said Acts marked (D.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Carriage on the Person or Pler-fonS hiring the same, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in the said Acts concerning the same.

And if such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sum$ made payable by the said Act of 48th Geo. 3d. and this Act, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said Acts marked (D.) No. 2. shall be chargeable and paid by the Person or Persons hiring the same and making such Default, subject to the like Provisions as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 4.

For Taxed Carts.

For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horse, Mare or Gelding, and not otherwise, which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any Lining, and with a fixed Scat without Slings or Braces, and without any Ornament whatever, other

d.

than

Schedule ( D.) No. 4  continued.

than Paint of a dark Colour for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words ' A Taxed Cart, " and the Owner's Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker thereof, and the full Value thereof, or the actual Price or Consideration paid or given for the same, marked or painted on a black Ground in white Letters, or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outside of the back Pannel or back Part of such Carriage in Words at full Length, and in Roman Characters, each of the Letters thereof being at leaf! One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proposition, and which shall be kept by any Person or Persons for his, her or their o?wn Use, and not for Hire, there shall be charged the respective Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, For every Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and constructed according to the Regulations before mentioned, and which shall be conitrufted without any Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded, or the Value thereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of 15/. Sterling, and which shall not at any time be used with a covered or fluffed Seat or Cushion fixed or not fixed there-  t. J.

to, or with a covered Footboard or Apron fixed or not fixed thereto, the ajinual Sum of Iti Addition to the Duty of 1/. 6/. 6d. granted thereon by the Act passed in the 50th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. And for every Carriage called a Tax Cart, built and' constructed according to the said Regulations, with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, except of Iron, Steel or other metallic Substance, or any Composition of Iron or Steel, or other metallic Substance, either wholly or in Part, the original Price of which Carnage shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of Twenty one Pounds Sterling, or which shall be used with a covered Or (tutted Seat or 026

Cushion fixed or not fixed thereto, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, the annual Sum of - In Addition to the Duty of 2/. lor* granted thereon by the Act passed in the coth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. And for every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, constructed with a Spring or Springs of Iron, Steel or other metallic Substance, or any Composition of Iron, Steel or other metallic Substance, the i respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. O O

in

A JO.

/ja8

Cpj. 5a <KE0. ill.

Schedule (D.) No 4.  r*/wrflrft/.

in Addition to the respective Duties granted by; the said Acts passed in the 48th and 50th Yeassof) the Reign of His present Majesty, on Carriages, with less than Four Wheels.

All which Duties in reaped of Carriages herein mentioned shall be charged upon and paid Jby the Person or Persons keeping the &me<re>ec- ively.__________

4.

d.

lxctption. Save and except always all Carriages built and cou&m&ed 4

aforesaid, belonging to any Person or Persons whore or shall fc liable to be aitelFed do the before mentioned Duties in wtfpaSt of Four-wheeled Carriage or who are or shall be liableo be to the before mentioned Duties on Male Servants, ODsUiped i Schedule (C.) No. 1. in respect of Two such Male Servants, arhic Persons respectively shall be charged 'for such Canringea, akhoug built and constructed as aforesaid, at the Rate preforibod inibe a spective Schedules marked (J>.) N0.2. of the said Act of 4&*h Geo. ; c. 55. and this Act, for Carriages with less than Four Whoala.

EXEMPTIONS from the; fcwri DUTIES in Schedule (*D.) No.a..a. g. and.4.

Royal Family. Case L  Any Carriages belonging to His Majesty, or any of li

Royal Family.

Hackney Case 11.  Any Coaoh -or Coaches, licenced; by the ComnriffioDqi

*c* for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and -WuftminfUi

and the Suburbs thereof, t\o (be tried as HackneyCoadhes (thare, as % oiuntbened according to Law.

Coach Makers. Case III.  Any Carriage kept by -any Conchmaker-or Maker c

Caniages for Carriages, at^any time writer the Fifth Daytf April One thousao e* eight hundred and eleven, bona fide (for the cPnqurie of ^ale or a

being lent 'to any (Person Whole' Carriage bang of the same Denoni nation or Description dbdll he then nuking, mending or*rpamug b; such Coachmaker or Maker-Of Carnages, and during the Time thi same shall be necessarily undsr (Repair; provided >such Carriage shal not at any time, wtbilft in the iFofleflion of Cuch Coaebmaier a Maker of Carriages, be, employed dor his or her-own Life,or let w hire, or othorwlifedent than as afowriaid.

Qtru. Case IV.  Any Common Stage'Cart Which fhalbbe kept truly ai

without Ftaudto be ufethwhollydn the Affairs of Htifbantiny, or the Carriage of (Goods in the Couric -of Trade^and whereon the*Nara and PlacedflReftdenae of the*Owner, and the Words ^Commoo^St^ " Cart" shall be: fogtbly painted, although tbcOwitr, oritur-or &a ^Servant, shall or may, -for the Purpose of driving-orcoisduAing dtf same only, occasionally ride therein^or thereon when laden-or whea returning from any &]aoe to which, -or-When going to any iPlace frna which any Load shall (bore tanor <shall be to he ^carried in such Cart in the Couffe of (Husbandry ^or Trade*; or which shall he ofnl for conveying the Owners thereof Nor their Families to^orr from at f Place of Divine Wotfship -on Sunday, or 'on>Chri&mu9 'Day, -or pa Good Fridays r on any iDay^ppoirtwd'for-atPublic rEast^or^Thankh giving; oHforcarryingiBarfons-going>to er ouiring from^fic Lire*

tiooi

A.D. JJI4.

S* GEO. OL

C. 93.

Schedule (IX) Exemptions  continued. tions of Members to serve in Parliament; in case such Carriage shall not have been or be used for any other Purpose of Riding thereon dt therein, Cave as aforesaid, or shall not have "been or be Jet to hive for my of such Purposes f riding therein or thereon.

SCHEDULE (DA

No. 5.

fc SCHEDULE of the Duties jjayahile by Coach makers and Makers of other Carriages, chargeable with Duty by this Act, and on Carriages made, fold or repaired as herein mentioned.

Coachmaflter or Maker of any Damages chargeable with Duty by this Act, and l\y every Dealer therein, the annual (Duty of - - -1

In Addition to the Duty of 6s. framed thereon' by the Ad passeti in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable thereon, the annual Sum of By every such Coachmaker or Maker of such other Carnages b xferefeid, and by 'every Dealer therein, for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he erdhe'fhoU make, build, corfftrud fer*&ale or'foil, the Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty df <ll. si.61/. granted thereon by the said Act

And where the Duty granted by the -fold Ad'shall -not be chargeable thereon, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with Wfs ttian Tour ! Wheels which he or she shall make, build, construd for Sale or fell, the Sum of In addition to the Duty of vvs.vfl. granted thereon by the said Act

And where the Duty granted thereon >shall not -be chargeable by the said Act, the Sum of fiy every Maker or Makers of, or Dealer

l riage built,  1 "r-J -

Re*

Ad, Nthe annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of is.6Jf. gran thereon by the said Act 5 Lnd where the Duty granted by the said Act shall be chargeable, thereon, the annual Sum of By every such Maker or Makers of Carriages as aforeitud, for every such Carriage which me, or or they shall make, build or construd for Sale, fell, the Sum of -In Addition to the Duty of 2s/6H. grar thereon by the said Act;

Lnd where the Duty grantsd'hytheisaid.Ad shall be alMirgeh4e -thereon, the Strm erf_-_____

iff /. -4.

0 4 0

0 10 0

O 2 6

1 5 0

O*3

O 42 6

O >0 6

O 3 0

O 1 c 6

I - 0 "3 "O

SCHEDULE

S30

52 GEO. III.

A.D. tin-

C. 93-

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons felling any CARRIAGES chargeable with Duty by this A &, by Auction or on Commission, to be charged in Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, by way of Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward, the Duty of -

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, except Taxed Carts, the Sum of -And for every such Taxed Cart, the Sum of

 t. d. '

O4O 0 2 6

o I 3

030

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for all HORSE MARES and GELDINGS, kept by any Person or Persons I the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Cam* chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.) in Addition to the Da granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the " of His present Majesty.

NUMBER.THEREOF. Amount of Doty for each Horse, Min or Geldii>c.

 x. d.

For. i such Horse, Mare or Gelding O 4 0

For 2 such Horses, Mares or Geldings O 5

3 Do. 0 6 0

4 Do.O 8 0

5 Do. O 8 6

6 Do. O 8 6

7 Do. O96"

8 Do. O9$

9 Do. - O9*

10 Do. O96

11 - Do. - 096

12 Do. O96 i

>3 Do. O96-1

14 Do. O96

*5 Do. 096

16 Do. O96

' 17 Do. O 9

18 Do. O961

19 Do. O IO OB

20 Do. and upwards - O 11 m

RULI

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 93. 5ii

RULES for charging the said Duties.

Hie find Duties to be payable for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of tiding, or of drawing any Carriage for which any Duty is payable by this Act, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period, according to the greatest Number of such Horses,

Mares or Geldings which the same Person shall have kept at one time in the Course of the preceding Year and to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the same, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (E.) No. I.

I.  Any Person dr Periods who shall keep any Horse, Mare or Hribandrjr Gelding, which shall be used truly and without Fraud for the Pur- Horsei, &c.

ofe of Husbandry, or of drawing any Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to any Daty by this Act), or carrying Burthens

b die Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Marc or Gelding shall belong, for one such Horse, Mare or Gelding used for riding, on the Occasions and in banner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from |ay Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse*

Ware or Gelding been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by such Borfe, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of procuring Medical UHtance, or for the Purpose of riding to or from Market, or to or worn arry Place of Public Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Justice* fcr to or from aiy, Meeting of the Commissionert of Taxes 5 provided such One Horse, Mare or Gelding shall not on any Occasion % e used for any other Purpose fare as aforesaid.

II.  Any Person occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, Farmsuoder the Rent of which shall Se less than 70I. a Year and making a aV^aratRack Livelihood solely thereby; or any Person occupying any Estate on

any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less thafa equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of 70I. a Year (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or

t such Estate and Farm jointly, for One Horse, Mare or Gelding, na side kept and usually employed for the Purpose of Husbandry so his said Estate or Farm, although used occasionally for the Purple of riding.

III.  Any Pevfon occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, Horse for Taxed tod making a Livelihood (okly thereby, or any Person carrying on t Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly 5 or any Eccle- fiallical Person not possessed of Sn Animat Income of 100L or upwards* whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, for any uimage with lets than F01 made payable on Taxed Carts, j* Gao. HI.

Mm

Provided

A.D. 1812.

53*

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that in every such case the said Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be duly returned, and the Exemption hereby granted shall be duly claimed in the manner and at the time directed by this

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES let to Hire,

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage liable to Duty by this Act, and let to Hire in any manner so that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on  1. i.

Horses let to Hire shall not be payable, the annual Sum of - - - 040

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 13s. 6J. granted

by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

To be charged on the Person or Persons letting the same; provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers, according to this Act, the progressive Duty made payable by the said Act of the 48th Geo. 3. Cap. 55. and this Act, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said Acts, marked ( E.) No. 1.1 shall be chargeable in respect of every such Horse, Mare or Gelding, ! on the Person or Persons hiring the same, and making such Desaidt ] as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act coo-f cerning the same.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on RACE HORSES.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, bona fide kept for  /. d.

the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize or Sum of Money or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of040

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 13s.6d. granted by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said Duty to be charged on the Person or Persons having the Custody, Care or Management of such Horses, Marts or Geldings.

Act.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 2.

A

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1812.

5 2 GEO. III.

531

C. 93.

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all other HORSES* MARES or GELDINGS, not charged with any Duty according to the former Schedules of this Act, and on Mules (except such other Horses, Mares, Geldings and Mules for which other Duties are herein after made payable).

For every such other Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Height of 13 Hands or more, of Four Inches to each^Hand, and for every Mule, the annual Sum of -

In addition to the Duty granted thereon by the said Aft passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

For every such other Horse, Mare or Gelding, being, under the Height of 13 Hands, of Four Inches to each Hand, the annual Sum of

 s. d. 070

030

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 2.

h SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES, MARES or GELDINGS, kept for the Purposes of Husbandry.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Height of 13 Hands or more, of Four Inches to each Hand, bona fide kept and solely used for the Purposes of Hufl>3ndry (except as herein after mentioned), the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 14J. granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than 20/. a Year and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of 20/. a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or j on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent) and making a Livelihood solely 1 by such his own Estate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly 5 or principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment; and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, bona fide for the Purpose of such Occupation, shall be charged for each of such Two Horses, Mares,

' Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of Mm2

 s.

9 3

o o

d.

6

2

lu

534

e*3-

50 GEO. III.

Schedule (F.) No. ?.  continued.

A.D. tfiit.

In Addition to the Duty of ax. tod. granted by the said Adk.

Any Perlnu occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rem of which shall be lese than io/. Sterling a Year and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Estate, together with a Fprm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be iefs than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of io/, Sterling a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent) and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and like wife a Profit by any Trade or Employment; and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mule*> bona fide for the Purposes of such Occupation and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them separately, shall be charged, lor each of such Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 2x. 10</. granted by the said Act.

 x. d

002

E

RULES for charging the Duties asfet forth in Schedule (F.) No.

and 2.

The said Duties to be charged on the Person or Persons keeptf ir using such Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, and to be payab or every Horse, Mare or Gelding and Mule, which shall not \ chargeable, nor have been charged with any Duty payable in tha Year according to the Schedule of the said Act of 48th Geo.] Cap. 55. or the preceding Schedule of this Act respectively markq (E.) No. 1. except as herein after is mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (F.) Now t. and

Any Person whatever for any Horse, Mate or Gelding, which not at any time whatever have been used for auy Purpose of JLabon pr otherwise.

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties an set forth in the fevers Schedules marked (E.) and (F.J Roytl Family. Case I.  Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, belonging to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

Ptftroafters, &c. Case II.  Any Postmaster, Innkeeper or other Person bcensed b that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the h charged on stamped VeHum, Parchment and Paper in relpe^b of Horse, Mare or Gelding, 1st to hire by him or her; provided tha such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall in every case be bona fide let I Hire by him or her in such manner, that the Stamp Office Duty (ha be payable on such Horses let to Hire on each letting; and shall b

8 accounted!

It 12.

52 GEO. III. C. 93.

Schedules (E.) and (F.) Exemption*  t*ntin*ed. ted for by Delivery of the Ticket denoting the Stamp Office payable, and be duly satisfied and paid on each letting accord-the Directions of the A & or Adb granting such Stamp Duty, t making Competition for the same; and provided that fitch Mare or Gelding shall not, on any Occasion, be tiled by such 1 Person, or any oilier, without such letting to Hire, and Pay-f Stamp Duty as aforesaid.

III.  Any Person or Persons duly Hceofed to keep ariy Gar- Swge Catch hateeer, to be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage Mtittrs.

Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire from different Places

at Britain, in respect of any Horses, Mares or Geldings, which shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Person ans in drawing Inch Stage CoacW or Carriage from Place to

IV.  -Any Person*licensed by the Commissioners for flackney Hackney ft within the Gitiea of London and Westminder, and the Coachm*.

>0 thereof* to keep any Hackney Coach or Conches* for any

Martfs or Geldings* kept for the Purpose of drawing such in respect of the Duties in the said respective Schedules marked so. 1. and for Two Horses, Mares or Geldings, and nb more,

>rthe Purpose of drawing, each Coach so licensed in respect tb

ities in the said respective Schedules marked (F.) No. 1.

i V.  Any Dealer in Horses afletied to the Duties made pay- Horse Dealers.

j this Act on such Dealers, for any Horse, Mare or Gelding,

ing to such Dealer, and kept bona fide for Sale, and not used

j other Purpose or in any other manner.

VI.  Any Person who on account of Poverty shall be dif- Poor Person*. d from the Assessment made in respeift of his or her Dwellinjg, in pursuance of the Regulations of arty of the Acts Herem wed, for One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule; provided such shall not keep more than One such Horse, Mare, Gelding Or and the same shall not be let to Hire.

VII.  Any Rector, Vicar or Curate, actually doing Duty Reaor, fcc. Church or Chapel of which he is Re&cr, Vicar or Curate, lall not be poffcned of ait Income of Sixty Pounds per Annum rards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otheland who shall not keep more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding le, for the Purpose of riding, which otherwise tfoiild be charge-ith Duty, according to the Provisions of this AH except such iwho shall occasioniaSly perform the Dirty appertaining to arty r, Vicar or Curate, without being the regular officiating Minister Parish or Place in which such Duty shall be performed, b VIQ.  Any effective Officer commanding ar Volunteer Corps, Volunteer ftg and returning his Exemption for not more than Two Horles, Officer*, for Geldings kept for His Majesty's Service in such Corps.

IX.  Any Field Officer, not beirtg Commandant, and any Officer* and Print of any Volunteer Corps* and airy Person serving in arty rate* of Volun* If Yeomanry Volunteer Cavalry, or providinga Horse, Mare or tcw Cavalry.

{ for any othfcr Person serving irt any such Corps, wha shall be 1 in the rttafrfttef requited by Law aa effectnne, and as having ly Horse, Mare or Golding, for such Service on the several if Muster and Exercise of such Corps; provided in every such tnuoned case tke Exemption shall be claimed and returned in

A.D. 1812.

S 36

44 G.3. U.

Soldiers.

C. 93. 52 GEO. III.

Schedules (E.) and (F.) Exemptions  continued. the manner required by the said last mentioned Act; and a Certificate shall be delivered of such effective Service in the manner requited by:. 54. the Eleventh Section of an Act passed in the 44th Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend u the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry* and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulation " relating the reto/"

Case X.  Any Non Commissioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery, for any Horse used in His Majesty's Service.

SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on DOGS.

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the same be his or her Property or the Property of any other Person or Perform, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of us. 6d. granted by the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, except Greyhounds, whether the same be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the like Duty granted by the said Act.

For every other Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or Terrier, kept by any Person having One such other Dog. and no more, whether the same be the Property of him, her or them, or any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of* -

In Addition to the Duty of 7/. granted by the said Act.

For every Pack of Hounds where the Duty is compounded for the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 34/. granted by the said Act.

 t. d

o 8 6

026

O I oj

2 0 0

The said Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively keepia such Dogs, or having the lame in his, her or their Custody or Pofft {ion, whether the same be the Property of him or them, or of an other Person or Persons, and not discovering the Owner or Ownta thereof who shall have been duly addled for the same.

EXEM

1

A.D. 1812.

537

52 GEO. III.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (G.)

Case I.  Any Dog belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family. Royal Family.

Case II.  Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be dif- Poor Person. charged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House, in pursuance of the Regulations of the said Acts relating to the said present Duties, and having One Dog, and no more, the same not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel,

Lurcher or Terrier.

Case III.  Any Person in respect of a Dog or Whelp, which at Whelp*, the time of returning the Lift of Dogs as by the said Acts relating to the said present Duties shall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Case IV.  Any person, in respect of the whole Number of Packsof Hound* Hounds by him or her kept in Great Britain, who shall compound compounded for. for the same, in any Year within Thirty Days after the 5th Day of April in such Year, in pursuance of Notice given to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty for any Parish or Place, where such Person shall be liable to be afleffect, of his or her Intention so to do, and on Payment of the full Sum of Thirty six Pounds Sterling to such Collector or Collectors, for which a Receipt shall be given within the Period before mentioned.

And where Two or more Persons join in keeping or using such Hounds, then, in Default of their compounding for the same as aforesaid, any or all of the said Persons shall be chargeable for every such Hound kept by them, or any of them.

SCHEDULE (H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by HORSE DEALERS.

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and  d.

Business of a Horse Dealer within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties of the same respectively, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, the annual Duty of 2100 In Addition to the Duty of 22/. iox. granted by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse Dealer in any other Part of Great Britain, the annual Duty of - \ 5 o

In Addition to the Duty of nl. $s. granted by the said Act.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (L.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable in respect of killing GAME*

Upon every Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net J Or other Engine, for the Purpose of taking or killing any Game whatever, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Conies, or shall take or kill, by any means whatever, or shall assist in any manner in the taking or killing, by any means whatever, any Game, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Coney, by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment, duly registered or entered as Game Keeper, for any Manor or Royalty in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or for any Lands in Scotland:

If such Person shall be a Servant to any Person duly charged in respect of such Servant to the Duties granted on Servants in Schedule (C.) No, 1. there mall be charged in respect of every such Person acting by virtue of such Deputation or Appointment, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 1 /. is. granted in relped of such Person by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. And where the Duty granted by the said Act mall not be chargeable in respect of such Person, the annual Sum of -

And if such Person as lad a fore said shall not be a Servant for whom the said Duties on Servants shall be charged, there shall be charged in respect of every such Person acting by virtue of such Deputation or Appointment, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 3/. 3/. granted by the said Act.

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable in relped of such Person, the annual Sum of -

Upon every other Person who shall use any Dog, Gun,; Net or other Engine, for any of the Purposes before mentioned, or shall take or kill, by any means whatever, or affilt in any manner in the taking or killing, by any means whatever, any Game, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Coney, there shall be charged the annual Slim of -y In Addition to the like Duty of 3/. 3/. granted by the said Act.

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable upon such Person, the annual Sum of

04O

o 10 (

3 13

o 10 6

EXCEPTIONS

C*3*

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

EXCEPTIONS to the above Duties.

-The taking of Woodcocks and Snipes with Nets or Springes.  The taking or destroying of Conies by the Proprietors of: ns, or on any enclosed Ground whatever, or by the Tenants ndsj either by himself, herself or themselves, or by his, her or Direction or Command.

s

RULES for charging the Caid lad mentioned Duties.

-Every Person who intends to use or shall use at any time Duty forufing he Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thir- Dogs, fcc. paid r# my Dog Gun Net or other Engine, an7 f ^he Purposes

)ned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.), shall annually, he shall so use the same, in any Year and every Person who s to take or kiH, or to affid in the taking or killing any Game, bock. Snipe, Quail, Landrail or Coney, shall before he shall fb t kill, or affid in the taking or killing the same, pay or cause to id in each Year, unto the Collectors of the Duties mentioned or to in the other Schedules of this Act, for the Parish, Ward ice where he shall reside, if in England, or to the Collector of the )uties, or his Deputy or Sub Collector for the Shire, County or Place where he shall reside, if in Scotland, or one of them,

"lively, as aforesaid, for the time being, the Duty hereby made tie, and shall obtain a Certificate thereof in the manner herein rd, which Certificate shall continue in force until and upon the Day of April' next after the time of issuing the same* and no r.

Every Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector, on Appfi- editorst# a to him made by any Person redding within the Limits of his give Receipt*, dion, and on Payment to such Collector, or his Deputy or Sub dor, of the Duty hereby made payable, shall give a Receipt for same, which Receipt shall be signed by such Collector, or his nty or Sub Collector, and made out conformable to such of the w for Certificates in the Schedules to this Act annexed, as the may require; and every such Receipt shall be a Charge on the Ih or Phce for which such Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Col-f, shall be appointed for the Sum therein expressed, in like man-and to the fixe Effect as if the said Sum had been previously fed and levied by such Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector,

?r the Warrant of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Ad, for which Receipt the said Collector, or his Deputy or Sub bdor, shall be entitled to demand and receive from such Person Sum of One Shilling over and above the said Duty, and no Fce. t, which Sum shall be deemed the Compensation to such Collector h Deputy or Sub Collector, for his Pains and Care in executing i Ad; and the Duty so received shall be paid to the Receiver oeral or his Deputy, at his or their next Receipt of Duties, m 1 and without Deduction; provided that the Receipts given for; Duties contained in this Schedule shall not be liable to any Stamp ity whatever.

III.  Every such Receipt, being delivered to the Clerk of the Receipts ex. immissioners acting for the District where the Person aforesaid shall changed for Cer-ide, shall be exchanged for a Certificate made out in one of the ^Jca*es by )rmish the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.) corresponding

A.D. 1812.

Commissioners to a(Tcis Parties accordingly.

Commissioners to provide Forms of Receipts and Certificates.

Where no Clerk Surveyor to ad.

How Collector charged with Duty if liable.

Gamekeepers'

Certificates.

C. 93. GEO. ID.

Schedule ( L.) Rules  continued. ing with such Receipt, which Certificate the said Clerk is hereby required, on Demand, to make out and deliver gratis to such Person in Exchange for the said Receipt.

IV.  The said Receipts, so exchanged, shall severally be entered by the said Clerks respectively, in Books to be kept for that Purpose, in the manner to be directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs ef Taxes; and the said Books, together with the said Receipts, being exhibited to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the Diiirid, and examined by them, shall be a sufficient Authority to them, from time to time, to cause an Assessment to be made on the several Persons mentioned in such Receipts in the respective Suets paid by them, which Assessments shall be of the like Force and Effect in all respects, and shall be as binding on the several Collectors 2nd others acting in the Execution of this Act, and on the several Parishes and Places for which such Coilcdors shall have been respectively appointed, as any Assessment to be made by the said Commififouen respectively, under the Regulations of the said Acts under which they ad as Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General, and to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, in the manner directed by the fail Acts.

V.  The CommissionerB for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause a fu 15* cient Number of Receipts to be distributed amongst the feveidf Clerks, and by them to the several Collectors in their respedii^ Diflrids; and the said Clerks respectively shall be accountable to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the same; anq the several Collectors shall be accountable to the respective ClerU for the Receipts delivered to them respectively; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall also cause a sufficient Nomba* of Forms to be used for Certificates, according to the Forms spedficdj in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (N.), to be distributedj to the respective Clerks in like manner, for which Certificates the feidj Clerks shall be respectively accountable to the said Commissionen for the Affairs of Taxes.

VI.  In any District wherein no Clerk shall be appointed to ad in the Execution of the said Acts, the Surveyor of the same District shall execute the Duty of such Clerk in all Matters and Things herein required to be done by such Clerk, and in every such case the Certificates herein required shall and may be issued by such Surveyor according to the Directions of this Act 5 and in every Place for which one Collector only shall be appointed, who shall be chargeable to the Duty contained in this Schedule, an Acknowledgment in Writing under the Hand of such Collector, that he is chargeable with the said Duty, and delivered to such Clerk or Surveyor respectively as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority for such Clerk or Surveyor to issue a Certificate to such Collector, and to make an Assessment of the said Duty upon such Collector as in other cases under this Act.

VII.  Every Master or Mistress charged, or liable to be charged to the Duties on Servants mentioned in the said Schedule marked (C.) No. 1. annexed to this Act, in respect of any Game Keeper, whether such Person shall have been deputed or appointed by such Master or Mistress, or by any other Person or Persons; and every Person granting a Deputation or Appointment to the Servant of any J

54*

52 GEO# III. C. 93.

Schedule (L.) Rules  continued.

Other Person, who shall be duly charged to the said Duty on Servant* in respect of such Servant, whether as Game Keeper, or in any other Capacity, with Power and Authority to take or kill any Game by any of the Ways described in this Schedule, shall be at Liberty to obtain a Receipt and Certificate on Behalf of such Servant, on Payment of the Duty for the same in the manner before directed; and such Receipt and Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to assess the Master or Mistress, or Person granting such Deputation or Appointment, and obtaining such Receipt and Certificate as aforesaid, and the Certificate to be issued thereupon shall be deemed and construed to exempt the Servant or Servants named therein, during his or their Continuance in the same Capacity and Service 5 and also to exempt any Servant or Servants of the same Master or Mistress who shall succeed to the Deputation or Appointment of the same Manor or Royalty, or Lands, within the Year for which the Duty shall be foassessect, for and during th* Remainder of such Year and no such Servant in whose Behalf a Receipt and Certificate hath been duly obtained as aforesaid, ftrll be required to obtain a Certificate for himself, nor be liable to the Duty hereby granted, nor to any Penalty by reason of not obtaining a Certificate ill his own Name, or for not piying the said Duty; pm d d always, that every Certificate granted under this Act to any Person acting under any Deputation or Appointment shall, upon the Revocation of such Deputation or Appointment, be from thenceforth void and of no further Effect, as to the Person therein deputed or appointed; provided that if any Lord or Lady of any Manor in England, W?les or Berwick upon Tweed, or Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, shall, on the Revocation of any Deputation or Appointment, by virtue of which a Certificate hath been granted for any Year, make a new Deputation or Appointment within the same Year, to any Person in his or her Service, or in the Service of the same Master or Mistress, who shall have been charged, as well to the Duties on Servants as to the Game Dbties granted by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the Commissioners of the District, and every such Clerk is hereby required in such case to renew the Certificate for the Remainder of that Year, in Behalf of the Person so newly appointed, without any Duty or Fee, by indorsing on such Certificate the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such last mentioned Deputation or Appointment had been granted, and declaring the same to be a renewed Certificate, free of Duty or Fee.

VIII.  The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall once or Commissioneri'oftener, in every Year, as soon as conveniently may be after such tu advenif* Certificates shall have been issued, cause the Names and Residences of the several Persons to or for whom such Certificates have been granted for that Year, in each County in Great Britain, distinguishing the Persons acting under any Deputations or Appointments from others; and the Manors, Royalties or Lands, for which Deputations or Appointments have been granted, and also distinguishing the Rate of Duty assessect, to be inierted in some Newspaper circulated in each respective County, or in such other Newspaper, and in such manner as to them shall ieem proper.

IX.  Neither the Assessment of the Duty hereby imposed, nor Unqualified Per-the Payment thereof, nor the Certificate delivered, nor any thing ^by^rti6catt!

herein

AiDtlln

J4* C. 93. 52 GEO. III.

amekeepers* Certificates eon-flned to Manor.*

Certificates pr*>-Huce4 by Pfer-ibnsoti Demand of AiTessor, & c.

[Penalty.]

vrf&cut

Cemtfuw*

Schedule (L.) Rules  continued. herein contained or done i pursuance of this AG, shall anrtfeense or enable any Person to ad in the manner described in this Schedak, tt any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any Stctate h force at and immediately before the passing of this Act^ aor uaWii such Person shall be duly qualified fe to do, under and by virtue of the said Statutes; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, Adjoos nd Suits, for Offences against such Statutes, shall and may be protected and maintained for such Offences, as if this AG had not been made.

X.  No Assessment or Certificate under the find AGs and the AG, or Payment of the Duty thereby imposed, by or for any Petfoa aGieg under a Deputation or Appointment, shall be received m Evidence, or be available in Law or Equity, in any Sait or Profecstoos, under this AG, wlvere Proof shall be given of doing or ha*ring dme any AG for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, out of the PrecinGs or Limits of the Manor, Royalty or Lands far wha& such Deputation 6r Appointment was made or granted.

XI.  If any Person shall be discovered doing any AG whatever, in respeG whereof such Person shall be chargeable as afore fan d, hry ay Assessor or CollcGor of the Parish where any such Person (had tfcea be, or by any Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, acHg for the County, Riding, Division or Place, so which such Perfcur ML then be, or by any Lord or Lady, or Gantd Keeper, of the ManorJ Royalty or Lands, wherein such Person shall then be, or by any so--speGor or Surveyor of Taxes, aGing in the Executfofi of the faalj AGs or this AG, for the DistriG in which such Person shall then beJ or by any Person duly assessed to the Duties granted in this Schedule! qr consolidated therewith, or by the Owner, Landlord, LesseeOccupier of the Land in which such Person shall then ber it (half M lawful for such Affefibr, ColleGor, Commissioner or Game KeeperJ Inspector or Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid, or such OwnerJ Landlord, Lessee or Occupier of Land as aforesaid* to demand am L require from the Person so aGing, the ProduGioit of a* Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, which Certificate every such Person a?1 hereby required to produce to the Person so demanding the same,: 1 and to permit him to read the same, and (if he shall think fit) to take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof; or in case no such Certifictie shall be produced to the Person demanding the same as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Person haring made such Demand to require the Person so aGing forthwith to declare to him his Chnfian and Surname, and Place of Residence, and the Pan Hi or Place (if any) in which he shall have been afft-fled to the Dimes by this Act*granted or consolidated therewith; and if any such Person shall, after such Demand made, wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate: issued to him for that Purpose, or in Default thereof as afovefaadf tt>, give in to the Person so demanding the same his Ch rift tan and Sot-name, and Place of Residence, and the Parish or Place f if any) b which he shall have been assessect, of shall produce any fhue or fi&i- 1 tious Certificate, or give any false or fiGittout Name, Place of Residence, or Place of Assessment, every such Person dull forfeit aid pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds* to be foed for, recovered aid applied in the manner herein after directed.

XII.  If any Person or Pdrfoas shall, after the Fifth Dhy of Appril One thousand eight hundred and thirtecB, in England or

Wales,

ill 2.

52 GEO. III. C. 93.

Hi

Schedule (L.) Rules, orfter the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight d and thirteen, in Scotland, do any Act for any of the rur-neutiooed in this Schedule, without having obtained such Cer-as is directed by this Act, in order to an Assessment for the rhereip such Person or Persons shall so ad, every such Person )rfe|t and pay the Sujn of Twenty Pounds, to be filed for. Penalty.

ed and applied in the manner herein after directed; and every tfeoder shall also be liable to the Payment to His Majesty, his or Successors, to the full Duty of Three Pounds Thirteen 8 and Six pence Sterling, over and above the said Penalty to rged in the Assessment of the Parish or Place where the Offence

committed, by way of inoreased Charge by the Inspector or or of the said Parish or Place; which increased Charge may 1c at any time within Six Calendar Months after the Duty ave accrued, and the said Charge shall be allowed by Two iifioriera according to the Directions of the Acts relating to the

of Assessed Taxes, fuhjed to Appeal whenever such Com- Appeal, ers shall appoint the Time and Place for hearing and deter* the1 said Appeal.

I.  It shall be lawful for any Two Commissioners for exe- Offences befor# this Act, or for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, w^"Jdeter'

; or I>ivision, or the Shire or Stewartry, or for any City, Bo- m, ncd&c* Liberty or Place wherein any Offence or Offences mentioned: ribed in this Schedule shall be committed, such Ju&ice being Commissioner for executing this Act; and he and they it and reby reauired, upon Information or Complaint to him or them of any such Offence or Offences committed within the District he or they shall act as such Commissioner or Commissioners,

Three Calendar Months after the Offence shall be committed, imon the Person or Persons accused, and also the Witnesses osi Side, to appear before him or them; and upon the Appearance

Perfhu or Persons accused, or in default of his or their Ap-tce according to such Summons, to proceed to hear and deter* the Matter in a fumroary way; and upon due Proof made there-Lher by the voluntary Cordession of the Person or Persons ac-k or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, re Judgment for the Penalty or Penalties, or for such Part )f, to which Part thereof the said Commissioners or Justice shall proper to mitigate the same (the same not being in any case ated to less than One Moiety of the said Penalty or Penalties); - i default of Payment of the same at the time of Conviction, to

1 and issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his or their i and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying the Penalty or Pc'S so adjudged, together with the reasonable CoAs and Charges ding the same, as herein after directed, of the Cattle, Goods and teh of the Offender or Offenders, and to eause Sale to be made ie said Cattle, Goods and Chattels so diArained, in case they not be redeemed within Four Days; and the Money ari&ag such Sale shall in the tirft Place be liable for Payment of the Penalty or Penalties adjudged to be paid, and in the next Place Payment of the Costs attending the Information* Conviction and rant, or Informations, Convictions and Warrants, to be settledhe said Coauniifioners or Justice, and iadorfed on such Warrant

A.D. 1812.

Witnesses not attending.

Penalty,

Form of Conviction.

C. 93. 52 GEO. III.

Schedules (L.) Rules  continued.

Or Warrants; and also the reasonable Costs attending the Distress and keeping the Goods and Chattels distrained, and maintaining the Cattle, if any, during the Four Days allowed to redeem the same, and also the Expence of the Sale thereof, and of returning the said Warrant or Warrants to the Commissioners or Justice, and entering the same, with an Indorsement thereon of what has been done therein; and where sufficient Cattle, Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found, to commit such Offender or Offendm to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid; and if such Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Commissioners or Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of double the said Penalty or Penalties, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding or Division, or to the Justice Clerk, or other Officer of the Court of Judiciary of the Shire, Stewartry, City, \ Liberty or Place in Scotland; which Courts respectively are hereby! empowered to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such Commissioners, or Justice or Justices, shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Quarter Sessions, or Court of Judiciary, to award the Person or Persons to pay Costs occasioned by such Information, Co* viction and Appeal, as to themselves shall (eem meet.

XIV.  Ir any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witndi or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Commissioners or Justice receiving such Information, or before the Courts of Quarter Sessiont' or Judiciary, upon Appeal touching any of the Matters contairef in such Information, cither on the Part of the Prosecution or the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by the Commissioners, or Justice or Justices, or Court before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, then and in every such case', every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Tea Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as other Penalties mentioned in this Schedule may be t recovered, levied and paid.

XV.  The Commissioners or Justice before whom any Offender /hair be convicted shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect (mu tat is mutandis); that is to say,

it remembered, That on the in the Year of our Lord

Day of

at

in the of A* B* of

was duly convicted by me [or, us] of [hereJkt* the Offence] and adjudged to pay the Sum of for his said Offence.

Given under the Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal of

being Commissioners acting in the Execution of the A&i relating to Assessed Taxes for the DistriA of or,

being a Justice of the Peace for

4 '

54i

52 GEO. III. C. 93.

Schedule (L.) Rules  continued.

and a Commissioner acting in the Execution of the Acts ing to Asseffed Taxes for the District of

very such Conyi&ion shall be entered and registered upon the of Assessment of the Commissioners of the District where the e was committed; and after such Entry and Registry shall be itted to the Court of Appeal, as herein directed, to be filed if Record; and the said Conviction or Entry of the same in i Books of Assessment, or any examined Copy thereof, shall be d in Evidence before the respective Commissioners for exe-this Act, in all Matters relating to the Duties contained Schedule; and no Conviction of such Commissioners or Justice e removeable by any Process whatever into any other Court of r Equity, or be subject to Revision in any manner, other than

[.  All Penalties and Shares of Penalties imposed by and ed or paid under the Authority of the Rules contained in hedule, shall be added to the First or Supplementary Assess->f the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed ccafe shall require) and shall be paid to the Collector or Col-of the Duties contained in this Schedule, for such Parish or to be by'him or them accounted for in the same manner, and the Receiver General at the same times as the Duties con-in this are to be accounted for and paid, and shall and distributed, apportioned and applied in such manner as other es may by the said Acts relating to the said Duties be distri-apportioned and applied.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (L.)

of the Royal Family.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. i.

y EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several Schedules marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.)

Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Com-neni of the Session of Parliament in the Fifty second Year of eign of His present Majesty, and being Members of either of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the f Ireland, or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Persons ball hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as afore-nd who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the encement of the Session of Parliament in which they shall rerely serve in Parliament; and all Persons having ordinarily re-n Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter be ordinarily re-therein, and now holding or who shall hereafter hold Offices blic Employments in Ireland, and are now residing in Great s, or who mall hereafter reside in Great Britain, with the Ap tion or by the Order or Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and shall be certified under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, or, Chief

ConvifHon ts be entered.

Application of Penalties

Irish Member* of Parliament and Public Officers.

A4>.ia

0*th.

G.93. 52 GEO. III.

Schedule (M.) No. 1.  coxhmtd.

Chief* Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein resident for the Purposes of assisting in the Execotkm of Public Business, shall be wholly discharged and exempted from thr Duties set forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.); provided that this Exemption shall not cx* tend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, beioj a Member of either House of Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Session of Parliament, and Forty Days before and Forty Dan after each Session, nor to any Article on which a Duty is by this Act made payable, which shall be retained, kept, employed or used bj such retiou in Great Britain, during the Residence of such PeAi* in Ireland; provided also, that this Exemption shall not extend . any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, bolding Office or Public Employment in Ireland, unless the Approbated* in Writing, or such Order or Direction of the said Lord Lieutena* of other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the tid being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Perfd respectively holding such Offices or Employments shall have beea b fore the passing of this Act delivered into the Office of the Co missioners for the Affairs of 'taxes in Somerset Place, or shall he I delivered within Twenty Days after the passing of this Act, with*sped to Persons then in Great Britain, or within Thirty Days aft tae Arrival in Great Britain of such Persons respectively, who (hi thereafter arrive: Provided aMo, that no Person shall, for the P| poses of claiming this Exemption, be deemed to be ordinarily rt dent in Ireland, unless he shall reside therein during such Portionthe /ear as is.not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And for the better ascertaining the Fad of fuen Residence, every Pedal claiming the Benefit of this Exemption shall verify the same upol Oath (if required) before the Commissioners acting in the Executi^ of this Act, in the District where such Person fhsul reside.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. 2.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the Schedules marked (C.) (D.) and (}

Any Sheriff of any County, or Mayor or other Officer it Corporation or Royal Burgh, serving an annual Office therein, during such Year of Service, shall hare kept or shall keep any hrr of Servants, Carriages or Horses, greater than the Number (* Person was assessed to prior to the Year of such Service, and 9 shall have been affetfed for such greater Number for One Year, M be exempt from further Assessment for such greater Number for other Year, although such Year of Service may have run iato i Second Year of Af&fbrnt.

SCHEDULE

1812<

52 GEO. III. C. 93.

*47

SCHEDULE (N.)

Form of CERTIFICATE to be delivered by Members of

Volunteer Corps.

Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An here insert the Title of this Act], that the several Persons herein and described are severally enrolled and serving in the said and hare duly attended at the Muster and Exercise of the said for Days, in the Course of the Year next pre-

the Date hereof, which Muster RoUs have been duly returned, nq the same pursuant to the said Act

the

(Signed) Day of

Commanding Officer.

Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game Keeper, being a Servant for whom the Master or Mistress, or the Lord or Lady of the Manor or Royalty (if in England), or the Proprietor of Lands (if in Scotland), shall be duly affected to the Duty on Servants.

No. Game Duty Certificate (A.)

iCed where the Servant pays the Duty.]

By jf. B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Executio11 of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of /. in the County of L.

: tivD from C.D. redding in the Parish [or, Township] of sante the Parish or Townjbtp'] in the said County, an assessed it of E. P.

[here name the Master or Mistress'] of [here name fidence of the Master or Mistress] (in Exchange for this Certi-I, a Receipt under the Hand of G. Hone of the Collectora efled Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name irish or To<wnship], for the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings ig, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C. D., in re->f his Deputation as Game Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of the said County [if the Certificate be granted in England, or if in nd, in respeI of his Appointment of Game Keeper of theof K. in the said County]. Given in pursuance of Acts 1 in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of je the Third, and certified the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

( Signed)Clerk.

ii$ Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

Nn

III.

5* Gio. III.

54*

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

C. 93.

III.

No. Game Duties Certificate (B.)

'[To be used where the Mailer pays the Duty.]

By A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execotiot of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of /.the County of L.

Received from E, F. \Jherc name the Mafier or Mifirefs] residing in the Parish [or, Place] of [here name the Residence of the Mafier or Mifirefs] in the said County, on Behalf of C.D. an Assessed Servant of the said E.F. (in Exchange for this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the Collectors of AfleUed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or TomMf] for the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings Sterling, as the Game* Duty chargeable upon the said Servant in respect of his Deputation as Game Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of K. in the said County \if the Certificate he granted in England, or if in Scotland, in respecti of his Appointment as Game Keeper of the Lands of K. in the said County]. Given in pursuance ot A els passed in the 48th and 5 id Years of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the 1

Day of in the Year of our Lord I

(Signed)

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

IV.  Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game Keeper, not being an Assessed Servant to any Person Persons.

No. Game Duty Certificate (C.)

By A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Ex< of the A&8 for Assessed Taxes for the Division of 7. in 1 County of L.

Received from C.D. residing in the Parish [or, Township]

J'here name the Parish or Townfhtp] in the said County (in Exchai or this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of Collectors of Aliened Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township]

[here name the Parish or Tontmship] for the Sum of Three Poui Thirteen Shillings and Six pence Sterling, for the Game Dischargeable upon the said C.D. in respect of his Deputation as Ga Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of K. in the said County [i/ Certificate he granted in England, or if in Scotland, in respect of Appointment as Game Keeper of the Lands of K. in the County], the said C.D. not being an Assessed Servant to any or Persons. Given in pursuance of Acts passed in the 48th and 5: Years of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of in the Year of our Loid

(Signed) Geik,

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

V.^-Fob

549

1812. 5*0 GEO. III. C-93, 94.

orm of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Person not being a Game Keeper.

No. Game Duty Certificate (D.)

A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution af the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of /. in the County of L.

; iveii from C.D. residing in the Parish [or, Township] of me the Par'tjh or Township] in the said County (in Exchange Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the rs of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of me the Parish or To<wnship] for the Sum of Three Pounds 1 Shillings and Six pence Sterling for the Game Duty,

)le upon the said C.D* in his own Right, throughout Great Given in pursuance of Acts passed in the Forty eighth y second Years of the Reign of George the Third, and eer- Day of in the Year of our

(Signed) Clerk.

Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

CAP. XCIV. for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise tat Britain on Glass, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff.

[9th July 1812.]

ft Gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Com-nons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, unent assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to four Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent 1 to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved' tnd grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and of Excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore mbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be rd by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

e. That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid r)utir*in out Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Schedules (A.) nd Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize and (13.) on mmoditie8 mentioned and described in the Schedules marked Goods therein id (B.) respectively hereunto annexed, the several Sums of

and Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, de- Schedule.) and set forth in the said Schedules, and that there shall be allowed, allowed and paid for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merle and Commodities for or in respect whereof any Duty of is by this Act imposed to the several Persons entitled to the the several Drawbacks of Excite as the same are also re-rly inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule marked ereunto annexed, and also all such special Allowances as are larly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at mediately before the passing of this Act, and the same re-dy shall commence and take Efteft from the respective Day or mentioned in the said Schedule, in cases where any special

55

C. 94-

52s Geo. m<

A.D. 1811.

Duties under

Commissioners of Excite.

How Duties

Makers of Glaft

Tanners.

Duties and Drawbacks for greater or lets Quantity.

Date or Dates is or are inserted therein, and in cases where no such Date is inserted, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England; and such thereof as shall arise in that Pat of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioner3 of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respedite Duties by this Act imposed shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied and discharged by the Person or Persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction or Discharge thereof at such time and times, and in such manner as the Duties of Excise chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Coa-ipodities respectively, or upon any Person for or in respect thereof were by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately befall the passing of this Act to he accounted for, cleared off, paid, fadM fied or discharged; save and except that, until and upon the Fd# Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in lieu ! instead of Persons who shall make or cause to be made Glass in Lm don, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, paying and clearing# the additional Duties by this Act imposed, For or in respek of GJ# made in Great Britain, or of the Materials or Metal or other Prz rations made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate G or of Common Bottles, within Four Weeks, such Persons respectively shall pay and clear off the same within Eight Weeks; msd Heu and instead of Persons who shall make or cause to be made G in any other Part of Great Britain, paying and clearing off such i ditional Duties within Six Weeks, such Persons respectively I pay and clear off the same within Twelve Weeks after he, (he ortl respectively shall make or ought to have made such Entry as is quired by the Laws in force, immediately before the passing of 1 Ad, under the Penalties by the said Acts or any of them in that I half provided; save also and except that, until and upon the said Fi Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in lieu instead of Tanners of Hides and Skins within the Cities of Loni and Westminster> and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortafi paying, clearing off and discharging the additional Duties by t Ad impefftd, for or in respect of Hides and Skins, and Parts 1 Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, within Fourte Days, such Tanners respectively shall pay, clear off and discharge! same within Four Weeks; and m lieu and instead of Tanners io od Parts of Great Britain, paying, clearing off and discharging such ditional Duties within Six Weeks, such Tanners respectively shall pi clear off and discharge within Twelve Weeks after such Hides 1 Skins respectively shall be tnarktd and stamped as is by the Laws force immediately before the passing of this Act, under the PemlE by the said Acts or any of them in that Behalf provided.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Docks imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Act on any specific Qu of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, the same shal| every case be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the I Proposition and after the same Rate to any greater or le(s Qu than such^specific Quantity.

8 V.

t8*.

S? G^O.III.

C.p+. S51

\md whereas Contracts, or Agreements may have been made: he passing of this Act by Makers or Manufacturers of or in the respective Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodi. on which additional Duties are by tills Ad imposed, for such Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively to be deader the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and be it therefore enacted, 'Hiat such Makers, Manufacturers or Duty added to delivering such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com modi. Prices settled by >edfcively, after the Day and Year last aforesaid, in pursuance Goods1delivered Contracts or Agreements, shall be allowed to add so much after jujy as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Att imposed for or 181a.

*& of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities rely, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this be paid for the same accordingly.

And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Duties levied at respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Sche- |rn?*r Duties of rreunto annexed marked (A.) and (B.) respectively, as the ^rUdea?M of Excise and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise set the said Schedule marked (C.) upon the several and respec-ods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities inserted therein, d may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, d, adjudged, mitigated and allowed in such and the like man-. in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways lods by which the former Duties respectively and Drawbacks ie of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize modities of the same Sorts or K ids respectively were or be raised, levied, collected, answe. 1, paid, recovered, ad-mitigated or allowed, and the Go, Wares, Merchandize ccodities so by this Act respectively i de liable to the Payor chargeable with Duties of Excise, or entitled to Draw->f Duties of Excise as respectively inserted, described and set i the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be and the same rby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regula-Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, indize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures ively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Coip-'s respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of lent iu force immediately before the passing of this Act, relat-the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine feiture of any nature or kind whatever for any Offence what-

g the Revenue of Excise or for the Regulation and Improve-hereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein led, Audi and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and e respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and ^ed of the several Duties of Excise and Drawbacks of Duties; rife hereby charged and allowed, in as fqll and ample a manner Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties rfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the BodyAd.

rll. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of 48 G. 3. c. 6* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ref eating an

kft.ii

7.

Tm*r* carrying on Butineli of Shoemaker, &c.

[Penalty.]

Duties paid into Exchequer,

Separate Account of Duties kept for 10 Year*.

42 G. J. c. 70.

c. 94.

52 GEO. III.

Act passed in the First Year of King James the First, i 4 Ad concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and ether occupying the cutting of Leather; and also for repealing ing certain Parts of federal other Acts of Parliament rill it is enacted, that no Person or Persons using the Trade

ness of tanning of Leather by himself or herself, or by

Person or Persons, shall, during the time that he, {lie

' so use or carry on the said Trade or Business of T

occupy or in any manner carry on the Trade or Bufinch 0:

maker, Currier, Leather Cutter or other Artificer tm cutting or working of Leather, upon Pain of Forefeiture izi all and every such Hide and Hides, Skin and Skins, so by or them, or any of them, wrought or tanned, during the ture

or they shall so use the Trade or Business of Tanning, or

Value thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall foe

fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of R< Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by

4 Information, together with Costs of Suit; And wh<

recited Penalty is inefficient to answer the good Pu

by intended, and it is therefore expedient to impose the nalty herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight h twelve, if any Person or Persons using or carrying on the Business of tanning of Leather, by himself, herself or tr by any other Person or Persons, shall by himself, herself selyes, or by any other Person or Persons during the time she or they shall so use or carry on the Trade or Business ning, use, exercise or in any manner carry on the Trade or a Shoemaker, Currier, Leather Cutter, or other Artificer, the cutting or working of Leather, the Person or Persons ing shall, over and besides the said recited Penalty by the imposed, forfeit and lose the further Sum of One hundred to be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated as any Fine, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mt any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wt or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and that One thereof shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges < and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at IVef the said Money io paid into the Rcceiptjof Exchequer as aford be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of C

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Com His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time for the Period of Ten. Years from the Commencement cause a separate and distinct Account of the additional Dull by this Act to he prepared and annually laid before Pi suant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the R^i present Majesty, intituled /In A8 for directing certain Pi to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing Forms of Account now in use; and the Monies arising from

Si GEO. III.

C-94*

additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any A d of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, AA altered, ice. amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

anent Increase to the Public

GLASS.

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and of Phial Glass respectively which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise, manufactured and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain*For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Glass, the following Sums respectively, that is to say;

In the making of Plate Glass -

And in the making of Common Bottles, the same not being Phials, and of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glades, and of all other Vessels and Utensils made of Common Bottle Metal '

For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass, and of all other Glass Manufactures which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the same not being Flaflca in which Wine or Oil shall or may be imported, nor Foreign Green Glass Bottles, nor Irish Glass or Glass Manufacturefca imported directly from Ireland

HIDES and SKINS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides of what Kind soever, and of Calve Skins, Kips, Hog Skins, Dog Skins and Seal Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be tanned in Great Britain, for Gloves and Bazils -

\For wry Dozen of Goat Skins tanned with Sho-

Duties.

 t. d.

9 

o is

i 16 9

o 4

3 3

o, o i'

snack

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

C. 94-

Hides and Skins  continued

 1. I

mack or otherwise in Great Britain to resemble Spanish Leather -

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged ... For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide -

For and upon all Hides of Steers and Cows, or any other Hides, of what Kind soever, those of Horses, Mares and Geldings excepted, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide For every Pound weight Avoirdupois of all Calves Skins, Kips and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain with the Hair on For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and every Dozen of Dog Skins and of Kid Skins which shall be tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain For every Dozen of Goat Skins and of Beaver Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skin9 which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain

040 o 2 3

006

016

030

o o 030

010 006 0 2 0

O O il

0 0 6 0 0 3 OO

For

SCHEDULE s and Skins  contin

(A.)

Duties.  1, d*

Every Dozen of Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain - - - -036

Every Dozen of Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain - - - 0 I 9

TOBACCO and SNUFF.

very Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth,: >dulion or Manufacture of the Plantations or >minions of Spain or Portugal imported into eat Britain.

very Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Planta-13, Xflaods or Territories in America, or of the lited States of America, imported into Great tain -

very Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth Production of any of the Territories or Domi-ns of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman Turkish Empire, imported into Great Britain -very Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into eat Britain by the United Company of Merchants England trading to the East Indies very Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great itain by the United Company of Merchants of igland trading to the East Indies rvery Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great itain from any British Plantation in America, or >in the Spanifti West Indies -

every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great itain from any other Place, not being Irish manu-Eiured Snuff imported directly from Ireland

004!

0 0 2

0 0 2 0 0 2 O o si o o 2j O o 3*

SCHEDULE (B.)

rNTERVAILING DUTIES of EXCISE on certain Com-itiea imported from IRELAND into GREAT BRITAIN.

Duties.

GLASS.

every Square Foot superficial Measure of Irish 'late Glass -

every Hundred Weight of Irish Enamel Stained r Paste Glass -

every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and ofhial Glass respectively, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain r every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass,: ommonly called or known by the Name of Broad

o

3

3

/. d.

3 3i 5 3

5 3 Glass

C-94* J2 GEO. III.

__________SCHEDULE (B.)__________

Glass  continued.

Glass, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether (tallied or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Hundred Weight of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glades, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal manufactured in Ireland, Common Bottles excepted -

For every Hundred Weight of any Sort or Species of Irish Glass, not hereinbefore enumerated or described Bottles of Common Green Glass the Dozen Quarts -

LEATHER unmanufactured.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides, of what Kind soever, and of Calf Skins, Kips, Hog Skins, Dog Skins and Seal Skins, tanned in Ireland, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins so tanned for Gloves and Bazils, which shall be imported in the whole Hide or Skin, and neither cut nor dimi-nidled in any respect whatever For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned in Ireland to resemble Spanish Leather, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned in Ireland for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides or Skins not hereinbefore enumerated and described, and of all Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins which shall be tanned in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For all Hides of Horses, Mares and Geldings which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for each and every such Hide -

For all Hides of Steers, Cows or any other Hides, of what Kind soever, (those of Horses, Mares and Geldings excepted) which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for each and every such Hide For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calve Skins, Kips and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal| or otherwise

A.D. 1812.

Duties.

 /. d. o 15 0

2 4 7!

o 4 0\

3 3 0 009

o o t 040

023

o o 6 016

030

taw*

SCHEDULE

JLeather  continued.

 /.

d

tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, in the whole Skin, neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed with the Hair on, in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed without Hair in Ireland; and for every Dozen of Dog Skins and Kid Skins which shall b dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported from thence into Great Britain in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever -

For every Dozen of Goat Skins and Beaver Skins which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Damb Skins which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported from thence into Great Britain, in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins not hereinbefore enumerated and described, and of all Pieces and Parts of Hides or Skins which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Bamb Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland, and inipprted from thence into Great Britain For every pound Wright Avoirdupois of all other Skins and Parts and pieces of $kins which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Irish Vellum imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Dozen of Irish Parchment imported from Ireland into Great Britain.?

o o if 030

010

006

020

o o 1}

006 Q o 3

006 o 3 51 o \ 8}

J.EATHEH

SCHEDULE (B.)

 t.

LEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares,

d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish-made Boots and Shoes and Gloves, and other Manufactures made of tawed or dressed Leather, and imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins not hereinbefore enumerated or described, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

o o \\

o o 1

003

o 6

TOBACCO and SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Sp3-nifli, imported from Ireland into Great Britain - For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Roll Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain - For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Carrot Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irish manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Tobacco Stalk Flour imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

002

o  3

003 003 003

003

002!

o o 3!

002!

003:

Fof

__________SCHEDULE (B.)__________

Leather manufactured  continued.

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manufactured Snuff or Snuff Work not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain

 /. d

003*

SCHEDULE (C.) DRAWBACKS.

GLASS.

Drawback.

For every Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, and of Phial Glass respectively, which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts -

For every Hundred Weight of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glaflcs, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal manufactured in Ireland, Common Bottles excepted

For every Hundred Weight of Common Bottles, not being Phials, and of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid and duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize

 /. d. o 3 Si

3 5 3 o 15 o

2 4 7! o 4 o*

o 4 Ol

HIDES

5<5o

C 94.

5i GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C )

A.D. 1812.

Dn

HIDES and SKINS.

Fur aQ Hides and Calve Skint, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked or tanned or tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, or tanned iu Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and chargeable by this Act, to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Goat Skins tanned with Shomach in Great Britain; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins tanned in Great Britain for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain, or made 1.1 Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas other than Ireland -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes, Gloves or other Manufactures made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, of any Kind of tawed Leather chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or dressed in Oil in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts For ever)' Pound Weight of all other Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or dressed in Oil in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually

C Tie

It?*

o 0

CTh

tbt tr tan

o 0

-n.

8l2<

52 GEO. III.

C94, 95.

SCHEDULE (C.) Drawback

and Skins  continued. jC s. d.

le into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from ?at Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts 00 6

rvery Pound Weight of all other Skins except nb Skins, and of act Hides dressed in Oil in Great tain, or dressed in Oil in Ireland and imported a thence into Great Britain, and duly marked for ch the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall e been paid, and which shall be exported from CThe Whole

tat Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts j of the Duties J hereby im-

TOBACCO. it>ofL

rery Pound Weight of Short Cut Tobacco ma-lftured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into ch Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or bin Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been i, and exported as Merchandize by the Manu-torer thereof from such Ports to Foreign Parts - 0 0

very Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco so manu-shred and exported - - 0 O I I

?ery Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manu-tured and exported 'ft H O O

very Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so ma-aftured and exported - - 0 c ij

S6i

CAP. XCV. to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection he Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits ing from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, in tPart of Great Britain called Scotland.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Powers and r Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty third 43^. j. c. 15* t of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for olidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts ting to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the t relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also in 43 G*3*c l6, ther Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for repealing several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the airs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for grant-new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the ties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conjtruded by Coach-iers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties Persons filing Carriages by AuSion or on Commisson; and also 45 O. j. c. 95. Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said.ajesty, intituled An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fortyird Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the ttvisions of the Act relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the

Management

A-D. tin.

46 O.3. c. 6j.

4SO. 3- c. 55.

50 G. 3. c. 104.

Sheriff Deputes

and SuMlitutes Commissioners under Property Acts.

4 Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, 4/ rribfe/

4 /o the Appointment of Assessors and Sub ColleSors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the said Duties; and also in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty durisg the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the R>

tification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rata md Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arifi from Property y Prosessions, Trades and Offices, and for repealing 0

A3 passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of H'u 4 present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising frtm Property % Prosessions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render.4 more effcSufl the Provisions for collecting the said Duties; and also in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes,

and granting new Duties in lieu thereof and certain additional Duties. 4 to be consolidated therewith, and also for repealing the Stamp Duties, on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to k 4 placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs ]

4 Taxes; and also in an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reig of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the AnmmsU of ca tain Duties of Assessed Taxes granted by an Act passed in the Foo eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for granting to Majesty certain other Duties of Assessed Taxes on the Articles then mentioned; and in any other Act relating to the Tares to be nik by Assessment under the Management of the Commissioners for t!

4 Affairs of Taxes, should be amended in the Particulars heranafl mentioned; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it nay enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majest by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual a Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, M by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the paffiogt this Act, the Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute, in each Shire 1 Stewartrj in Scotland shall and are hereby directed and requited, b virtue ol their Offices aforesaid, without other Qualification or Nf ruination, to act as Commissioners in the Execution of the said recitt Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His presa Majesty, and of all and every other Act or Acts relating to the Rat* and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades in Offices, in the Shire or Stewartry or District thereof for which theg are appointed Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute respectively, u| shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for acting therein Commissioners without the Qualification required by the before reriuA Acts $ and such Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute shall have same Powers, Jurisdiction, Privileges and Authority, as are by tfetfl said last recited Act vested in the Commissioners named and pointed in virtue of the Provisions therein contained: Provided ways, that before they aft as Commissioners aforesaid they shall talpj the Oath or Oaths prescribed by the said last recited Act: And Commissioners named and appointed in the several Shires and StetM artries in Scotland, in virtue of the Provisions contained in the said kw recited Act, are hereby required and directed to meet as soon ifad the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, of the time of whjw

Meetbf]

I$I2.

52 GEO. III. C. 9$. 6$

g due Notice shall be given to the Sheriffs Depute and Sheriff* ute of the said respective Shires and Stewartries 5 and the said T s Depute and Sheriffs Substitute afe hereby required to give Attendance at such Meeting, and to take the Oath or Oaths bed by the said Act or Acts, which Oath or Oaths any One of d Commissioners is hereby authorised to adfninifier: Pmaided, that if it shall ft> happen that any of the said Sheriffs Depute iftiiute shall be prevented, by Sickness or otherwise, from at-r such Meeting fn. to be appointed as aforesaid, he or they may at any future Meeting of the said Commissioners to take the r Oaths as aforesaid.

And whereas, in order to render the Assessment and Collec-ff the different Duties in Scotland under the Management of Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, so far as relates to the led Taxes, more convenient and effectual, it is expedient to Power and Authority to the Commissioners of Supply in each ty. Shire or Stewartry, to divide themselves into Districts in Counties, Shires or Stewartries, wherein a Division shall be icable and expedient; which Division is to be approved of ter mentioned; Be it further enacted, That it shall be Commissioner* fur the Convenor of each County, Shire or Stewartry, or of Supply may Event of his Absence or Failure, for the Sheriff Depute or divide Counties ute of such County, Shife or Stewartry, and they are hereby ively directed and required, aS soon after the passing of this proJvai ofBanins conveniently can be done, to summon a General Meeting of of Exchequer, d Commissioners of Supply, to be held within the Place where Teetings are usually held, upon a Day to be named in the said ons, and Which Summons shall (late the special Purpose of such g; and the said Commissioners, or lo many of them as shall be: at fticli Meeting, or the major Part of them thdn and there !, taking into their Considerhtlon the Extent and Population ir respective Couftties, Shires or Stewartries, and the Number fons resident therein, authorised and capable of acting as Comers aforesaid; are hereby authorised, and it shall be lawful for: o divide their respective Counties, Shires and Stewartries into nil so many Districts or Divisions as to them shall seem expe-for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Purposes of the rited Acts respectively, according to the Provisions of this Act, icy are hereby required upon such Division to ascertain and set in Writing the Names of the several Parishes forming each and* such District or Division, and to appoint Commissioners to act Dilfrift Commif-My such District or Division, from amongst those who shall be reli- lionet* appointed dthin or near unto such District, so that not less than Three S^rstni?

I Commissioners shall be so set down and appointed for each and ce m Min* such District respectively, exclusive of the Sheriff Depute or itute in such District; and the said Commissioners shall do every in their respective Districts concerning the said Duties, as {spread and directed to be done by the Commissioners appointed by l&$ before recited, to act for the whole of such County, Shire ewartry: Provided always, that no more than One Sheriff Sub- District Commis-P shall act at any Meeting, in any County, Shire or Stewartry, ihiurs may aft Division or District thereof: And provided also, that the said n any other tenners or any of them shall not be feftrained from acting as J*art shir9fttofiioners in any other Part of the County, Shire or Ste.vartry, Stewartr7

5* Geo. III. O o in

A.D. 1812.

5^4

c*9f-

5 2 geq. m.

Commiflirners of Supply tnay appoint Corn-mi flicmer: for Districts.

Cities and Boroughs divided Into Districts.

C"nrrpi ft! oners'for District a to heir and determine Appeals#

in which they afe appointed Commissioners; and the said Comnsif* sioners, after they shall have at such General Meeting divided the County, Shire or Stewartry into Districts or Divisions as directed by this Act, are hereby required to fend a Roll or Lift of the several Parishes forming each such District or Division, and also a List of the Names of the Commissioners who are to ad in each District or Division, to the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, who shall lay the same before the Barons of Exchequer for their Approbation, and if approved of by them shall record the said Lift in his Office.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the better Execution

of the aforesaid Acts for granting Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in any County which shall be divided into Districts in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at their General Meeting, and they are hereby directed to appoint such Number of Commissioners duly qualified agreeably to the said last mentioned Acts, as shall seem to them necessary and expedient, not exceeding Seven nor lefis than Three, (exclusive of the said Sheriffs Depute and Sheriffs Substitute) to ad in Execution of the said last mentioned Acts in each such District or Division. within the said County, Shire or Stewartry; and also ton appoint a like Number, as above mentioned, of Persons so qu?lH fied as aforesaid, to supply Vacancies arising in each DHlrid or Sub-division within such Shire or Stewartry, in manner directed by the said last mentioned Acts, who respectively shall be Commissioners for exe-J Cuting the said Acts in each of their said respective Districts. ft

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners empowered to act for the several Cities and Boroughs! in Scotland, to divide the same into Districts or Divisions, and to! appoint such Commissioners to act for such Districts or Divisioat^ as are by Law at present authorised to ad therein, and to do every J tiling that the Commissioners of Supply for the several Counties and; Stewartries are authorised to do by this Act with regard to Divisios of Districts, but subject always to the Approbation of the Barons*of Exchequer as aforesaid, and under the same Regulations and Provisions herein enacted; and such District Commissioners shall bare the same Powers and Authority within their said several Districts, as hereby granted to the Commissioners of Districts of Counties of Stewartries.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ] respective Commissioners to hear and determine Appeals under the said: recited Acts passed in the Forty third, Forty fifth. Forty eighth, 'and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, imposing and regulating the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and this Act, in their/

respective Districts for which they are appointed Commissioners, at; the time or times therein mentioned, and at such Places as to them*!

shall seem expedient; and it shall be lawful for the said Cotnmif- ! sioners, or the major Part of them present at the First Meeting to c be held for fcny Year, to appoint and employ a fit Person to be that Clerk within such District, to attend them on each Day appointed to hear and determine Appeals under the said Acts during that Year and so yearly, and the said Clerk shall distinctly minute all i Appeals-brought before the said Commissioners, with the Deter*-1

mirutk*

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 9J. 5 6;

mination of the Commissioners thereon, in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and shall carefully write the Determination or Judgment of the said Commissioners, with the Amount of the Sum relieved, if any Relief is given, upon the Petition or other Document containing the Reasonsof Appeal.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk Khali, for his Allowance to Trouble in attending the Commissioners on Appeals relative to the Clerks to Com* said Assessed Taxes, and their transading such Matters as shall be m, flloner' required of him, receive an Allowance not exceeding such Allowance as shall from time to time be certified to be proper by Two

or more of the said Commissioners to the said Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, who may nevertheless and they are hereby empowered to restrid the Sum io certified to such leKTer Sum or Sums as they Khali think reasonable, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof 5 and such Clerk shall not under any Pretence whatever demand, receive or take any Fee, Gratuity or Perquisite, for any Matter or Thing to be done by him touching the said Appeals, from any Person or Persons, other than the Allowance to be granted to him as aforesaid under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.*Penalty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for each Distritf Com-District or Division shall hold their Meeting at fotne City, Borough, missioners to Town or Place situated within the said District or Division, which

Khali be moll central and convenient; and they are hereby authorised 0 rs* and required annually to appoint One or more sufficient Persons to be Sub Collector or Sub Collectors of the Monies which shall be assessed under the said Acts within their respective Districts or Divi-lions, which Sub Collectors for Districts or Divisions Khali have Power and Authority to collect and receive from all and every Person or Persons within such Districts or Divisions for which they are appointed, all and every the Sums of Money for which such Persons are tUcfled under the Authority of the before recited Acts, both as to Duties arising from the Assessed Taxes, and upon Profits from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices; and the said Sub Collectors Khali pay over the said Duties so received by them, without Delay, or at farthest on or before the First Day of the next Month after receiving the said Duties, to the Collector of the same Duties respectively for the County, Stewartry, City or Borough, within which such District or Division, or Part thereof, is situated; and To account the said Collector for the County, Stewartry, City or Borough is MontWy to hereby required to grant to such Sub Collectors a Receipt for such Monies, in Duplicate, gratis, and shall be in Charge for the Monies &C/1C* wr*<r* so received; one Duplicate of which Receipts the said Sub Collectors are hereby required immediately to transmit to the King's Remembrancer of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and which Receipts Khali not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and for their Trouble in collecting and receiving such Duties, each Sub Collector Khali have an Allowance of such a Proposition of the Statutory Poundage at pre- Allowance lent payable to Collectors, as the said Barons Khali, upon due Cou-iideration of the circumstances of the case, think just and reasonable; and which Allowance to be so made shall be paid to the several Sub Collectors by the Collectors of the same Duties respectively for the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, upon an Order from the said Barons, out of the said Statutory Poundage;

d which laid several Sub Collectors Khali, before entering into the t O o 2 Execution

A.D. 1812.

Bond.

Commissionen may divide Shires, kc. into Districts, at General Meeting, without Summons from Convenor.

Arrears due previous to Divisions and Did rids, collected by former Collect or.

Commissioners failing to meet and divide Shires, kc. Barons of Exchequer may, and also appoint Commissioners for Districts, Clerks, kc.

Surveyors to [pave Notices of Asseffiuems " Persons diarged.

C-PS-

52 GEO. III.

Execution of the said Office, and before lie shall receive any Money on the said Duties, enter into Bond, and do every other thing at present required to be done by the said recited Acts, by the Collectorfar the County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, so far as respefb the District or Division to which he or they shall be appointed Sub Collector or Sub Collectors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissionm assembled at any General Meeting held for any County, Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, shall deem it expedient, it shall be lawful for them, without any Summons from the Convenor or Sheriff as aforesaid, to divide such County, Shire or Stewartry, into Districts or Divisians, and to appoint Commissioners to act for such Districts or Divisions, and to do every thing which they might have done or ale authorised to do by this Act when such Meeting is specially fufli-moned by the Convenor or Sheriff as hereinbefore directed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Duties ra Arrear at the time when the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, shall be first divided into Districts or Divisions in dut-fuance of this Act, may be collected by the respective Collectors of the same Duties respectively for each County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough; and the Commissioners for the respective Couni Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs at large may ad in Matters relating to such Arrears of Duties, as if no Division taken place, unless the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that same mould, and shall direct the same to be collided by the ledors of Districts, under the Controul and Superintendence of X>iftrid Commissioners.

X. And be it further ennded. That if any Failure shall happ on the Part of the Commissioners aforesaid for any County, Snii Stewartry, City or Borough in Scotland\ to meet and divide tl respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, ii Districts or Divisions in manner hereinbefore directed, and at the ti hereinbefore mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, if they think it proper and expedient, taking into their Consideration the Extent and Population of County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, and of the Nui of Person9 iefident therein, authorised and capable of acting as missioness aforesaid, forthwith to cause such County, Shire, J>fc artry. City or Borough, to be divided into such and so many Dicti and Divisions as to them shall seem expedient for the Purpose carrying into Effect the Purposes of this Act, and to fix and afeefc: taip. the Names of the Parishes forming each and every such Diltrah or Division, and appoint Commissioners, Sub Collectors and Clerk* ' in the same manner and uftder the same Regulations and Pfovi&xfe as are hereinbefore enacted.

XI. And whereas, in the said Part of Great Britain called Scdk land certain Inconveniencies and Delays in the Collection of said Duties have been found to arise, from the present Mode of ing the Notices of Assessment, which by the said recited Acts nrdl be given to the Parties charged with the said (evcral Diitk* Be it therefore enacted, That the several Surveyors appointed unSt; the Authority of the aforesaid Acts shall and they are hereby e %; joined and required, on or before the First Day of November ia d Year, to deliver to the Persons charged within their respective D&

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

C-Stf.

567

ei^bqr personally or at the Places of their last Abode, or on the fee charged with the Assessment, as the case may require, a of the fevered Duties for which such Person or Persons is or are d, and which Notice shall specify the Time and Place when and the said Duties are to be paid, and shall also specify within time all such Person or Per lb ns who may consider themselves rved by the said Assessment may appeal to the said Commis- for Relief, agreeably to the Regulations in the said recited n that case made and provided.

1. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks appointed the Authority of the said recited Act passed in the Forty sixth of the Reign of His present Majesty, imposing certain Rates >ntie& ariiiag from Profits on Property, Prosessions, Trades and s, shall and they are hereby authorised and required, within uys after the Assessment for the Year shall be made up for any ft, to deliver to the Assessor of fych Dilirid, appointed by the lissioners gding under the said last mentioned Act, a Copy their Hands of the said Assessment for such District, with an therepu for such Afibdor delivering a Note of the Sum charged Parties charged therewith, either personally or at the Places rir last Abode, or on the Premises charged with the Assessment, case may require, and which Note shall specify the Time and when and where the Duties so charged are to be paid, and shall ecify within what time all such Persons may, if they consider Ives aggrieved by such Charge or Assessment, appeal for Re-the said Commisslowers acting under the last recited Act, agree*

5 the Regulations of the Statute in that case made and pro-I and the Assessbr to whom such Copy and Order shall be de*

shall, within Fourteen Days after Receipt thereof, make Noti- as aforesaid thereupon, and return the (; hl.Copy to the i from whom he received the f.ime, with a Cer^MH^e upon Oath One of the Commissioners aforesaid, that he qSftwhtify the same manner preferib^dby this Act.

[f. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per-all not pay the several Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or by any Act or Acts herein mentioned, according to the Direc-rantaiued in such Act or Acts or by this Act, it shall be lawful to r any Two of the Commissioners aforesaid for any Shire, Stesv-City, Borough or D'ftrid thereof respectively, or for the F Depute or Substitute for such Shire or Stewartry, and they reby required respectively, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds hg, upon Certificate made to them or either of them by the 2olledor or Sub Collectors that such Duties are reding and not aid, to issue and grant a Warrant or Warrant* under their Hands ie said Sub Collectors recovering the said Duties, by poinding and ining the Goods and Effects of any Person or rerfoqs men- ia such Certificate, and who shall not have paid the Sums by assessed upon him, her or them; which Warrant shall be ited by the Constables or Sheriff Officers of the County, Shire, ar(, ry, City or Borough, by poinding and distraining the Goods bffetU belonging to such Person or Persons at the time the said |ts became in Arrear; and the Goods and Effects so poinded and lifted shall be detained and kept on the Ground or at the House e the same were poinded or distraiaei, or in such other Place, of O o 3 which

Clerks to Oliver to Assessorf of Dirtrifls Copy of Assessroenc, with Order for AfTcflor to notify to Party Sum charged

Assessor K> cmv lily compliance!

Recovery of

Duti, 3.

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1812.

568

C. 9j.

52 GEO. III.

Sale of Effect poinded*

[Penalty.]

which the Owner shall have Notice, near to the said Ground or House, as the Officer or Constable so poinding and distraining the same shall think proper, for the Space of Four Days, during which time the said Goods and Effects shall remain in the Custody of the said Officer or Constable* liable to the Payment of the whole Duty in Arrear, and to the Costs to be paid to the Officer or Constable who poinded the same, as herein after directed, unless the Owner from whom the same were poinded and distrained shall redeem the same within the said Space of Four Days by Payment of the said Duties in Arrear and Costs to the Officer or Constable, to "be settled in the same manntf as if the said Goods and Effects had been sold as herein after directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Goods and Effe&sfo poinded or distrained shall, after the Expiration of the said Four Days, be valued and appraised by any Two Persons to be appointed by the Officer or Constable, (which Two Persons shall be obliged to value the same, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for each Neglect or Refusal) and shall be sold and disposed of at a Sum not less than the Value, by the Officer or Constable who does poind the same, and the Value to be applied in the First Place to the Satis. faction and Payment of the Duties owing by the Person whefe Goods are so poinded, and in the Second Place to the Payment for thf Trouble of the Officer or Constable so poinding, at the Rate ol Two Shillings per Pound of the Duties for which the Goods shall be so poinded and distrained, unless the Owner from whom the fasie weie poinded or distrained shall redeem the same by Payment of the appraised Value, within the Space of Four Days after the Valuation, to the Officer who poinded the same; and in case any Surplus ftul remain of the Price or Value, after Payment of the said Duties, an< after Payment of what is allowed to be retained by the Officer ot Constable in manner herein directed, such Surplus shall be returcei to the Owner from whom the Goods were poinded or distrained; and in case no Purchaser do appear at the said Sale, then the said Good* and Effects so poinded and distrained shall be consigned and lodged in the Hands of the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute, anc if not redeemed by the Owner within the Space of Four Days afier the Consignment in the Hands of the said Sheriff Depute or Substi-y tute, that the same shall be rouped, fold and disposed of, by Order of the Sheriff, in such manner and at such Time and Place as he {half appo: nt, he always being liable to the Payment of the Duties to the said Sub Collector, and to Payment to the Officer or Constable who shall have poinded and distrained the same, for their Trouble and Expence as before stated, and to the Fees due to the Officer or ConT liable, and shall be in the Third Place entitled to One Shilling per Pound of the Value of the Goods so disposed of, for h's own Pains and Trouble, after Preference and Allowance of the said Duties, and of what is appointed to be paid to the Officer or Constable for their Trouble; and that there likewise shall be allowed to the Officer or Constable so poinding and distraining, the Expence of preferring the said Goods and Effects, and of maintaining the Cattle, if there Should happen to be any among the Goods and Effects so poinded and distrained, from the time of poinding and distraining the same, during the Period allowed to the Owner to redeem them, and alfa the Expence of the Sale; and in like manner the Expence shall be allowed to the Sheriff, for preserving and maintaining the Goods or

Cattk

A.D. 1812.

5*9

52 GEO. III.

Cattle poinded and distrained, during the Perutof that the Owner <is allowed to redeem, after Consignmenp-in his Hands, and until the Sale thereof, and also the Expence of the Sale; and where no Goods or Effects sufficient for Payment of the said Duties can be found to be so poinded and distrained, and the Person liable shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, in every such case any One of the Commissioners aforesaid, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall be and is hereby authorised and required, under hk Hand, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail until Payment shall Imprisonment. be made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Collector and Col- Collectors to Ie&ors of the said several Duties, now appointed or hereafter to be ^ansmit J.iftsot appointed to collect or receive the said several Duties for any Shire, torJ^*nRe-^Stewartry, City or Borough in Scotland, wherein the said several Du- rnembrancer in lies or any Part thereof shall be reding and unpaid to the said Col- Exchequer, lector or Collectors on the First Day of August next ensuing the passing of this Act, shall within Thirty Days alter the passing of this Act, and they respectively are hereby required to transmit to the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, a List or Schedule, containing the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode, of every Person in Arrear for the said Duties, together with the Sums due and owing by every such Person respectively, distinguishing the Year and Years in which the said Duties in Arrear were afleffect, and the Day or Days when the same respectively became due, which Lift or Schedule being verified upon Oath in the manner herein after directed with respect to Arrears accruing in any Year now to come, shall be laid before the said Barons in like manner as is also herein after directed with respect to future Arrears, who may at their Discretion direct the said Arrears to be levied and paid in like manner and under the like Powers as the said Barons are herein after empowered to cause the said future Arrears to be levied and paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or Col- Collectors so le&ors of the said several Rates and Duties for the Shires and Stew- transmit 00 Ex-artries. Cities and Boroughs, or Districts thereof, shall and they are hereby required respectively under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Cwnls 0/' Sterling, on or before the First Day of August in each Year, or within Arrears.

Ten Days thereafter, to transmit to the King's, Remembrancer of Penalty, the Exchequer at Edinburgh, a List or Schedule containing the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode of every Person in Arrear for the said Duties, together with the Sums due and owing by every such Person respectively for the Year preceding the said First Day of August in each Year as aforesaid; and which Lift or Schedule shall be verified upon Oath before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough for which he or they is or are Collector or Collectors of the said several Duties $ and the King's Remembrancer aforesaid shall, immediately upon receiving the said Lift or Schedule, lay the same before the said Barons, or any One of them, who are or is hereby authorised and empowered, if he or they shall judge it expedient, to issue his or their Order to the said several Commissioners of the same Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough or District thereof, to levy the Arrear or any Part thereof in the said Lift or Schedules contained, and Triple Duties by Distress in the way and manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of I3 O o 4. /^> His

by

C-9S*

52 GEO. III.

Collectors to transmit to Exchequer an-

Duties.

[Penalty.]

His present Majpfly: Provided always, that the Baron oc I issuing such Order on the said Commissioners to levy by 3 k may, if he or they think fit, restrict the Penalty of the Tripk I to a Moiety or other smaller Part thereof; and the Warrant Commissioners to be issued thereupon to the Collector or Col: nnjft recite the Order of the Barons, and be issued for the Datie paid, and for the Triple Duties, or the Moiety or other fmalkr of the Triple Duties, as in said Order, and for the CofU, a* dir. by this Att.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector r^lcfors of the aforesaid Rates and Duties for the said Shirrs. S artrjes, Cities and Boroughs or Districts thereof, shall on or bn r

of Sumslevied"^ the Twelfth Day of November in each Year (under the Fedsh -frfame of Triple Twenty Pounds Sterling) make up and transmit to the Kiag* C - membran^er of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, an Account of act

which may have been levied and received by them under thr thority of the Order of the said Barons or any One of them as -said; and which shall not have been paid over to the Collector iame Duties respectively, for the same Shire, Stewartry, C: Borough, or to the Receiver General at Edinburgh; and also a count of all such Sums as have been paid overby him or them t said Receiver General; which Account shall be verified upon before the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute of the Shire or I artry, or his Substitute, or before the Chief Magistrate of the C 1 Borough for which he or they is or arc Collector or Collectors 'J said several Duties; and the King's Remembrancer shall, so f conveniently may be after the Receipt thereof, lay the same e the said Barons, who shall consider the same, and direct the An-then retting with the said Collectors or any of them, to be pasd ( to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Dry* who shall remit and pay the same into the Receipt of His M* Exchequer at Westminster

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the I) assessed in Scotland shall not be paid to the Receiver General by

Deficient i<s of Dutks siting from Failure or Default of Collectors. re-sflefT-by Order of Bron$ of Exchequer.

foil of any Failure of the Collectors, either in the Performance ot

Duty, or in not paying over the Money received by him acco to the Directions of this and the said recited Acts or any of t and any Deficiency shall remain after Diligence used against fuefc lector or his Surety or Sureties, or in case of Death, against hii eulers or Administrators, then and in such case it shall be lawful the said Barons, and they are hereby authorised and required to their Order to the Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or Server of the District, requiring them to cause the deficient Sum to rc-assessed within the said Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough*District thereof in Sco/land, where such Failure has happened, soon as the same can be dune after the Amount of such D ascertained, upon those Persons fuhjc&ed to the Payment of the Duties in the Year when the Re-assessment shall be made, by portioning the Amount of such Deficiency amongst them, to each Person's Assessment, as near as the case will admit lke Rules and Modes by which the original Assessments were*k of the Duties assessed in that Year; which Sum so re-assessed ibaH kvit d and collected in such manner as the said Duties may be n awd levied in Scotland.

XIX. Ai

01

*3:

5a0 GEO III.

G.95.

C. And be it further enacted, That aH competent and legal s of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, whether by Horning erwife, directrd by the before recited Statute passed in the third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to issue upon granted by Collectors and their Sureties, for the faithful nance of their Duty, and the duly paying over the several cohered by them to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or pnty or Deputies, or by Snb Collectors nominated under the rity of this Act, for the faithful Performance of their Duty, r their duly paying over the Duties collected by them to the or of the same Duties respectively, may issue in the Name of 1 Receiver General at Edinburgh for the time being, or his p or Deputies.

And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer or Seller r.mission, felling by Auction in Scotland any Goods or Effects ever by any Mode of Sale at Auction, shall, at lead Three efore he, she or they do begin any Sale by way of Auction, or cause to be delivered to the^Collector of the said Duties vely within whole Dill rift such Sale is intended to be, a Notice ting, signed by such Auctioneer or Seller by Auction/ speci-herein the particular Day when such Sale is to begin, and the ind Surname of the Person or Persons, with his or their Place idence, whose Goods and Effects are to be sold 5 and if any tuftioneer or Seller by Auction shall presume to fell any such and Effects by way of Auction, without delivering the Notice efore required to be delivered, evpry such Aliftipueer or Per-ing by Auction, offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

I. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Certificate r granted by the CommissionerB appointed for the Execution said recited Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present p's Reign, for Payment of the Poundage allowed by Law to rrk of the said Commissioners, or to his Assistant, or to any r of the said Duties, shall he valid or feffectual, without the of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland first obtained thereon; shall be in the Power of the said Barons, by their said Order, to rid the Allowance of such Poundage or such Part thereof, in f any culpable Neglect, Omission or Delay in the said Clerk or nt Clerk, or Assessor, in the Execution of his or their xefpec-uties, as to the said Barpns, on full Consideration of the case, ippear just and proper; and in the Event of the Suspeniionor (tal of any such Clerk or Assistant or Assessor from the respec-Sees by the said Barons, it shall be lawful for and in the Power said Barons to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to: Duty of the said several Offices, in the Place, or Stead of such nor Persons so suspended or dt&nified, until the said Gommif-i shall nominate apd appoint a fit Person or Persons to perform tyeral Duties of the said Offices, as empowered or required by id recited Act; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed t said Barons shall be entitled to the several Allowances au-icdhy Law to be made to the respective Clerks or Assessors. til. And be it further enacted, That no Clerk or Assistant Clerk, Beftor, acting under the Authority of the said last recited Act is Act, shall oq any Pretence whatever, directlj or iudirectlg

S 71

Procefsbv Horning, Sec. to issue in Name of Receiver General of Scotland,

Auctioneers to give Noticei of alesor A unions to Collector* of Districts.

[Penalty.]

No Poundage paid to Clerks or Assessori without Orders from Barons.

Ne Collector nr Clerk to hold more than one Office.

A.DiSn.

[Penalty.]

Rules and Regulations not alter, ed, in force.

R ecovery of Penalties.

A & altered, &c.

G-3 c. 21.

308, 8731. reserved yearly at Exchequer being average yearly Amount of Bounty on Linens.

C. 9J, 96.

52 GEO. III.

hold or enjoy, or exercise or receive* or be entitled to the whole or ary Part of the Emoluments* more than one* of the said Situations of Clerk or Assistant Clerk, or Collector* under the said Act; and if any Clerk or Assistant Clerk, or Collector, shall act in the contrary, be or they shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and further be rendered incapable of again acting as Clerk or Clerk's AfiHhat, or Collector, in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act grantor Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the AftainK Taxes.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulatii Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts, far as the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered or shall be in force in relation to this Act, and shall be construed" in all respects, as if the same were inserted herein and formed a thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Peralta and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for, a covered and applied, in such Manner and Form as is directed by tk said recited Acts respectively in regard to the pecuniary' Penalties zj Forfeitures thereby imposed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Ai or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered or repeak by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for applying the Amount of the Bounties on certa Linens exported from Great Britain towards defraying Charge of the Loan made and Stock created in the prefc Session of Parliament.

[9th July 181;

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty third Year f W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act J

granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Bt 4 rams and HI lettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes i

Cottons, or Cottons mixed with Linen, printed, painted, jiaimed dyed in Great Britain: And whereas the Bounty granted by 1

said Act will expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eig

hundred and twelve: And whereas it is expedient that the Amot"

of the said Bounty should be appropriated towards the Purpose defraying the increased annual Charge occassional by any Loan ma or Stock created in the present Session of Parliament y9 Be it thei fore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with tl Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Can mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousn eight hundred and twelve, there shall be referred and let apart at tl Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, the yearly So of Three hundred and eight thousand eight hundred and Kveot three Pounds, being the average yearly Amount of the said Bounty by Four equal Portions, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Da of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of Odmier every Year, towards defraying the increased annual Charge occasiona by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Act passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

5 2 GEO. III. C. 97.

S 73

CAP. xcvir.

fl to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of In* Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to HU f/!y> Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn, low certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof\ to make fur-Regulations for the Encouragement of licensed DtJUllersy and for ding the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland, it is, amongst r things, enacted, that until the Commencement of the Summer: es which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and re, it shall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at the Aflizcft ny County or County of a City or Town in Ireland> or at any nting Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to my Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship, in any Sum of ey or Penalty, on any Information which shall have been given y Justice of the Peace at any time after the passing of the said for any Offence against any Act in force in Ireland for the re-ting and collecting the Duties on Spirits, by the having, keeping ing any unlicensea Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to 11, or any Worm, or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to Law: And eas by an Act made in the said Fiftieth Year, intituled An Act 'efpiling certain Fines imposed on Stills in Ireland, it was enacted, all such Fines as might have been imposed on or after the Tenth of March in the said Year, on Parishes or Townlands in Ireland, nlicensed Stills or Parts of Stills, or Materials for illicit distilling. Id be and the same were thereby respited: And whereas the limited in and by the said first recited Act for preventing the ofition of such Fines will shortly expire, and it is expedient lly to repeal all such Fines Be it therefore enacted, by the 5 Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful e Court or Judge at any Assizes for any County or County of a )r Town in Ireland, or at any presenting Term in the County unty of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parish, Townland, r or Lordship, in any Sum of Money or Penalty for or in respect f unlicensed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, jr Worm, or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Wa/h, Pot Low Wines or Singlings, being used or found in any Parish, nland, Manor or Lordship in Ireland; any thing in an Act in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His it Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the ts on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in'in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; but that all and f the Clauses and Provisions in the said last recited Act, and in other Act or Acts in force in Ireland contained, with respect to imposing and levying of all or any such Fines, shall, from and after passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed.

fi L.And

VjVJUVLV.

o G. 3. c. 15.

5*

So G. 3. c. 100.

After pa fling Act no Fine im-potVd or levied under 47 G. 3. Sess. a. c. I7 or any other Act.

Provident a* to such Fiues repealed*

Cmmissioners of Excite, Sec. to try Informations for Penal-

t'u s a-ainlt Acts relating to retail Spirit Licences reservinf Jurisdiction of Mates, Sec.

14 Car. 2. (T.) Sess. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. C. 106.

Appeal-

Power for recovering Penalties not affected.

No Appeal by an unlicensed Distiller or Spirit Retailer, from Conviction, shall flay Execution, unless Security given to abide Event f f Appeal.

C. 97: 5tP GEO. III. A.D. 1*a

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Fine, Penaky or Forfeiture, shall after the Commencement of this Act he incurred for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail te/re- J land, it shall and may he lawful for the Commimoners of inland Excise and Taxes, and their Sub Commissioners within their respt&ve Jurisdictions, to bear, try and determine jany Information or Co&i plaint for the Recovery of any such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture; aid every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be raised, levied, cd* lested, paid, fuedfor and recovered, in the same manner and unda such Powers and Authorities, and by such ^Vays and sccprdine such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressccfoi the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act nude in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His bit, Majesty C bar la the Second, intituled an Act for settling of tpe Ext$i qr new Impofl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, accorebag the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in thtf Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An provide for the better Execution of the several Alls relating to the Jfat venues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the CompijfficnsrA of Customs and Port Dudi s, and of the Commissioners of Inland Exe\ and Taxes in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pm poses as if the same were herein expressfed and enacted, with the lib Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as I and by the said Acts is provided; and such Fines, Penalties and Ftf feitures shall and may; be applied in fi^ch manner, as in and by tl said last recited Acts is directed, except where the Application therd is by Law otherwise provided.

If I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein ct* taiped shall extend to repeal or take away any of the Ways, Method Powers or Authorities appointed, directed or expressed, touching t) filing for and Recovery of such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures in a* Act or Acts in force in Ireland at or immediately before the Coa menpement of this Act, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Sf rituous and other Liquors by Retail.

JY* And be it further enacted, That wbfn any Person. not beil a licejifed Distiller, nor being lipenfed to sell Spirituous Liquors 1 Retail, shall be convicted of any Offence against the Pravifiorvs of aptf Act or Acts in force in Ireland for regulating and securing the Cot lection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or for regulating the felling of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in Ireland, no Appeal OS be brought by any such Person shall lLy, or prevent the Execution of any Warrant or Process of the Commissioners of Inland Lxcifc and Taxes in Ireland, or their Sub Conuniifioners, for the di draining of any Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Poffiflion of such Per^ fun, or for the Committal of such Person, unless and until such Perfog shall, with Two Sureties to be approved of by the Collector of the pistrict, have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, Lis Heics and I Successors, in a penal Stun equal to Double the Amount of the I$e-nalty incurred, conditioned to pay the said Penalty so imposed^ xa case the Judgment or Convictio.n fop the fcqie shall be iphoUy and if only affirmed in Part, then conditioned to pay so quich of ipek Penalty as such Person shall on such Appeal be adjudged to liase forfeited y which Bond shall he twenty Collector, who shall g-aat

52 GEO. III. C. 91.

ffieate of haring taken such Bond; and the Person tendering ch Appeal shall lodge such Certificate with the Registrsr of immimotlcYs fdr Appeals before such Appeal shall be received. And be it further etracted, That no Distiller in Ireland shall tty Shar^in or1 be ih any manner Concerned in the Sale of Spi-t Liquors by* Retail; and if any Distiller shall, contrary hereto, ny Share in orb in any manner concerned in such Sale, every Hftiflef fhast, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two d Pounds.

And be it further enacted:, That if aft y Cask or Vessel con-'atiy Wash, Pot Ale* Low Wines or Singlings, shall be found Possession of any Person not authorised by Law to have or ich Wash, Pot Ale* Low Wines ot Singlings, ev^ry such Per-whose Possession any such Cask or Vessel shall be so founds rfat the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each such Cask or Vessefy lirion to any Penalty which such Person may by Law be fub* in respect of such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines of Singlings.

And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of shall find any unlicensed Still, Still Head, or Worm of a Still k Utensil commonly used in the Distiffation of 3pirits, or any Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, not being in the Possession Person duly authorised to keep the same, and shall at the line difeorer any Person aiding in or carrying orr any Part of atefs of stich unlicensed Distillation, every such Person, m Ad-to any other Penalty or Punishment to which he may by L*W pd, shall forfeit any Sum to be adjudged by a Justice of thd for the County in which such Place shall be situate, which jftioe irr his Discretion shall judge fit, not less than Five Pound* reading Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for such and his A Aidants to arrest every such Person so discovered and hhrf before such Justice of the Peace and it shall and may fid to and for such Justice of the PeaceV upon tire ConfefBort Party, or by Proof dn the Oath of One credible Witness* to t Personr so discovered, and to order and adjudge that tlid effort To comvicted shall forfeit any Snm which such Justice shall Difcrtftion think fit, not lfs than Five Pentads nor exceeding 'ootids; and the said Persons so cotfvidled shall immediately pay id Penalty to such Justice of tire Peace, to be applied as here1 ris directed; and if the said Person so convicted shall not forth* jay (he said Penalty, it shall and may be lawful for the said ?, and he is hereby required by Warrant to commit such Perfort son, there to remain for any Space of time not less than Three t>t niore thats Six Calendar Months from the Day of Conviction, uch Person so convicted shall not be sooner discharged unless ill hate paid the said Penalty 5 and every such Penalty when so Kail be applied by such Justice in manner herein after mentioned; t to say, One Moiety of every such Penalty as shall be levied in 'omy of the City of Dublin* or the Liberties thereunto belong* shall be paid to the Cftdrrthwardens of the Parish in which such let flbtH be committed, for the Use of the Poor therein, and Mki&t of such Penalty as shall be levied in any other Part of fefflnm be paid to the Treasurer of the Public Infirmary or fed of the County in Which the Offence shall be committed, for Ke of such lufirmafjr or Hofphsl, and the other Moiety of such

Penalty-

iC

SIS

Distiller having Share in Sale of Spirits by Retail. Penalty.

Persons in whoft Puffeifion Casks discovered containing Pot Ale, &c.

[Penalty.]

Officers of Excite may arrest Persons aiding in unlicensed DistiP* lery and bring them before a J ut! ice of the Peace, who may fine them, fcc.

Apt'i: ati.n of Penalty,

A.D. 1812.

Persons convicted of Misdeameanour for using an unlicensed Still, &c. Penalty, See.

45 jylJ

extended to

Millers in whose Mills Malt found svithout Permit.

Penalty-.

45 G. 3. c. 53. $ II. ilS to sprinkling Corn, See. in Couch Frame, ice. iepcaied.

C. 97.

5rGfi0.HL

Penalty shall in all cases be paid to the Officer who shall arrest tha Person so convicted, such Moiety to be applied by such Officer in rewarding himself and his Affillaiits in such maimer and ia such Propor* tions as the said Commissioners of Excise shall order and diredfc.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any PersonibQ be convicted of a Misdemeanor for making use of any unlicensed Still, Still Head or Worm, or for distilling, or for having or keeping a his Possession any such Still, Still Head or Worm, or for making ay Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for brewing, making or fermenting any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, wherewith and with Intent J to distil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence I in force pursuant to Law for distilling, every such Person convicted of J any of the Offences aforesaid shall, in Addition to any other Punishment to which such Person may be subject, forfeit a Sum not ex* j ceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds* as the Couit; shall in its discretion think fit, to be paid to the Prosecutor; and; such Person so convicted shall be imprisoned until such Fine shall be j paid: Provided always, that the time of such Imprisonment &a3h. not exceed in any case the Period of Six Calendar Months. I

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year oq

' His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the CoUeQ'tentA 4 the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, x is, amongst other things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful so any Officer of Excise to enter into the Houses or Mills of any Person or Persons having Malt in his, her or their Possession, and ti

demand a Permit signed by the proper Officer, for all Malt thj shall be found therein, except such Malt as shall be made by

Maltster or Maker of Malt, or by any Person making Malt for or her own private Use and not for Sale, and found in the Mi

Stores of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person d

registered 5 and if on Demand made by such Officer, a Permit

Certificate (as the case may be), of force for such Malt shall not

produced within a reasonable time after such Demand, then all fa

Malt shall be forfeited and may be seized, and every Person in who! f Possession as aforesaid any Malt shall be found without such Pena

or Certificate, shall for every Barrel of such Malt so found forfeit th

Sum of Twenty Shillings s And whereas Doubts have arise

whether Millers in whose Mills Malt may be found without such Ra

mit or Certificate are subject to the aforesaid Penalty of Twear

Shillings imposedby the said Act for every Barrel of Malt so soon without such Permit or Certificate For the removing of whid Doubts, it is hereby declared and enacted, That whenever any MjI shall be found by any Officer of Excise in the Mill of any Miller b Ireland, if on Demand by such Officer, a Permit or Certificate (a the case may require), of force for such Malt shall not be' produce within a reasonable time after such Demand, all such Malt shall U forfeited and may be seized, and the Miller in whose Mill such Mai shall be found without such Permit or Certificate, shall for crcrj Barrel of such Malt forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, as en&dls, that if any Com oe Grain shall be wetted or sprinkled with Water in the Couch Frame a on the Floor, all such Corn or Grain, together with any Vessels a Packages in which such Corn or Grain shall be found, shall be fart

feh4

A.D. 1812.

ja GEO. III.

C-91. 577

*ited, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be >und, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such ora or Grain; shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Corn or Grain Sprinkling until aking into Malt in Ireland shall be wetted, watered or sprinkled inster ij State or Stage of Operation at any time before the full End and fjom xpiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty eight Hours ter the same shall have been emptied, thrown or taken from or out prohibited. the Ciftera, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping ch Corn or Grain, the Maltster or Maker of Malt, in whose rollon the same shall be found, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit e Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XII. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Two g. 3. c. 79.

Acts for the collecting the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the $ a.

Trade of a Maltster, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that no licence shall be granted to any Maltster or Maker of Malt, to make Malt in any Malthouse, the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors in which shall not contain Two thousand six hundred Square Feet in the Whole at the least, or the Kiln Floor or Floors in rhich shall contain any Number of Square Feet exceeding the proposition of Three hundred and twenty four Square Feet of uch Kiln Floor or Floors, for every Two thousand six hundred kjuare Feet of the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors iu uch Malthouse: And whereas it is in and by the said last recited provided that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland ixeife and Taxes to grant'a Licence to any Person to make Malt any Malthouse which may have been erected previous to the paf-ing of the Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland Ad regulating the Trade of a Maltster, the growing, working or lqing Floors in which shall contain less than Two thousand fi*

Kindred Square Feet, and not less than One thousand Square Feet, nd the Kiln Floor or Floors of which

Propositions to the working or drying Flo

riirreas it is expedient, for the more effectual Suppression of un-

iceofrd Stills in Ireland, to authorize the said Commissioners of

Excise to grant Licences to Persons to keep Malthouses of such

Dimensions as the said Commissioners shall think proper, notwith*

landing such Malthouses may have been erected since the passing of

he said Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid Be it therefore

ded, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners Commissioners

Inland Excise and Taxes to grant a Licence to any Person to*of Excise em-

ke Malt in any Malthouse of any such Dimensions or Content as powered to

h Commi(honers shall think proper, and as shall be specified in such*J*ce"fc M*lr-

cence, provided that the Content of the Kiln Floor or Floors of Dunenfionsf

; b Malthouse shall be to the growing, working or drying Floor or-

Mrs therein, in the Proposition of Three hundred and twenty four*

uare Feet of Kilo Floor, to Two thousand six hundred Square*

et of growing, working and drying Floor or Floors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Licences msy the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three berefufed oc them, to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons 'withdrawn* utever to keep any such Malthouse, or to withdraw the Licence

S7

A.D. 1812.

Licences ffgned by Three Commissioners, and subject K0 Regulation* of AiK'uiS Laws.

Personi making Mall without Licence or Registry.

Misdemeanor.

Second Offence.

49O.3. c. 75.

1 a.

repealed.

c. 97.

52p OEG. HI.

granted for any such Malthouse: Provided always, that the A(fa nation of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of OH missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Tmforurf " land, be first had and obtained for every inch Refusal er of any such Licence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Ltceixrei Person or Persons to make Malt in any such Mahhoafe^ signed by Three of the said ConimrffioneTB of Inland shall be granted in such manner* and under such Rules, R< _ Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided mao^i Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the collecting of the Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltfterj at Every such Mahftfer and PersonJ to whofn any such Licence I granted, shall be Charged and chargeable with Duty, and ft under and ftrbieft to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Prtrtl Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in all asd^ such Act and Acts.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ro A shall make airy Malt, or shall wet or1 deep, or shall hare in tel Possession any Corn or Grain wetted or fteepets, wherewith a* Intent to make the same into Malt without having a Licence if purfatnt to Law for keeping a Malthouse, or without havisj such Return and Certifidate to the^olleftor of Excise as is I required to be made by every Person making Mah to be d such Person for brewing Deer or Ale for his or her private 0 Contain pt ion and not for Sale, every such Person not hada Licence in forte, or not having made such Retiini and Cyril aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Mifded aftd it shall be lawful fof any Justice of the Peace for the Oa ifrhfoh such Mifdeihenftor shall have been committed, on Info* an Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the/ hertfion erf such PerfoYr, and unless sufficient Dai! shall be gi commit such Person to Gad 1, there to remain until delivered i Oourse of LaW 5 and in case any Indictment shall be foondt such Person he or (lie fbaR plead thereto without having ri traverse the same; and it shall be lawful for the Court by and I whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to iufiift such P ment on such Person for the First Offence as may by Law be^on Persons guilty of Misdemeartors, and for the Second OfH (entence such Person so convicted, to be transported for the Seven Yeate.

XVI. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty nimS 4 of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled jdn Act to prwidli better Colls Sion of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Sa 4 Horses and Dogs in Ireland, it is, amongst other thing*, i 4 That, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar M

the pailing of the said Act, if any Person in Ireland shall have in his or her Custody or Possession any Carriage have been sold or disposed of to such Person at avy tiaif Expiration of such Calendar Month, and of the Safe whereof due Notice shall not have been given atcordire ts reftiortft of the said Act, every such Person shall be rnbfc shall be charged with and pay Double the Duty which such ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in resp$

A.D. 1812.

51 GEO. III.

G-97*

siy

' C&rlhgt* fat the? Year in any Part of which fifth Carriage fhatt hire f Mca in the Custody or Poflirffion of such Person without such Notice having been given as aforefaM i And whereas it is ex*

1 patient to repeal so much of the said Act as is herein recitedBt t therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so Adcft of the said last recited Act as is herein immediately before re-sled shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XVII/ And, for the more easy Couedion of the Duties payableHit Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Hides and Skins tanned*

Ad upon Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parch*

Dt made in Ireland; Be it enacted, That in all case# where any Colltdoroflx* hides payable by any Tanner, Basil Tanner, Guttier, Spanish maylffu* either Dresser or other Dressed of Hides or Skin*, or by any Maker dish^Tanner* f Vellum or Parchment, Audi be unpaid at the time when such Do* aiMi Leather M are by Law made due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Col* Dresser* ffrr Aj> Ar of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Dlftrid irt which rear* of !*&* ch Duties shall bd charged and payable, by Warrant urider hid land and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and dHtraih \ or any Mrdds and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins; whether Sfame shall harre been tanked or dressed or ndt, and all or any Vd*

or Parchment in any Tan yard, Tanhouse or other Yard or brkhouse, Miily Store or other Place used by any such Tanner or aer Person respectively for the tanning, dressing, drying or keeping J Hides or Skins, or any Pieces thereof, or for making or keeping f Vellum or Parchment, and to cause the same to be sold by public idion, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof; and if after the ymeat of all Duties and Arreattr of Duties due from such' Tanned, til Tanner, Currier, Spanish Leather Dresser or other Dresser of jdss or Skins, or from any such Maker of Vellum or Parchment, tether with the Costs and Expences of such taking, diffraining and a, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the 3ale |fcof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered' and paid tiV such rfon or his Reprtffetttatives: Provided always; that When* any of r Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may kwful for such Person or his* Representatives, at* any time or times ore the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to require thte same be delivered up to him or them4 upon his or their paying to the Qedor or oilier Officer in Charge as aforesaid, towards discharging Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Articles as he key shall desire to have delivered up, and the same may be delivered accordingly.

(VIII. AndWitfrntherenacted, That no f)uty shall be charged WoolfoM.by the Sale by Auction by the Fanning Society of helnndr or by banning Society Gork Institution at any Public Sale Koom of the said* Society or emptfrora*itutien, of auy Wool the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and fenjt u l, 0D uty* he said* Society #r Ipftitution to be disposed of, so a* such Sale he fiyft* Sale thereof and be made for the Account of the Owner be'Lodd, or of the Person4 occupying, the Land on which such >ol Was-grown

tlX. And be it further enacted, That the feversd Penalties; and Penalties how feitures under this-A&y except such as are specis^lly provided for, levied, &c. t be levied and paid in British Currency, and shall be fried' for, wered-arid applied id the same manner and under such Powers^and thornier and by such ways and means, and according, to fiidh p Geo. III. P p Rules

5 8o

A.D. 1812.

14 & 15 Car. 1. (I.)Sess. 4. c. 8. 46 G. 3. C. ic6.

Appeal

[Commencement of Act.]

48 G. 3. c. 69.

40 6.3. c. 13.

C-97> 98.

52 Geo. m.

Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for levying or recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or New Impofl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Stucejfent according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, tituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the federal Ad: relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Cijloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Custooa and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Interna and Purposes as if th^ same were herein expressed and enacted, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, at] in and by the Paid recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteesthj Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any othet^ Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence take Effect immediately from and after the Expiration of One dar Month next after the passing thereof and not sooner; ex< cases where any other Period is expressly mentioned for the mencement of any Clause or Provision hereinbefore contained,

TSl

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to permit Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa to be exp from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Portl Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn tol imported from any such Port, and from the Coast of into the said Colonies and Plantations, under Licences grS by the Collectors and Controllers of the Customs.

[9th July 18x1

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of j W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to perm until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred A 4 ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colot ' f Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port, and from Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations; which

by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of ]

present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue an Act made in the T 4 fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Export*

4 Salt from the Port of Nassau tn the island of New Providen Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Istand, in the B

Istands, in American Ships coming in Ballajl; and amend ant

tinue an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefer for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from Hie

4 Colonies or Plantations, to any Port in Europe to the South Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port, m 4 the Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations,

4 Twenty ffth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and t I XW continued until the Twenty fifth Day of Maroh One f*

5

A.D. 1812.

2*Gfco. in G.98. 581

1 eight hundred and thirteen, and extended to Cocoa the Growth or r Produce of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America,

1 it is lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to ftiip in any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, any Sugar*

Coffee or Cocoa of the Growth and Produce of any such Colony

or Plantation respectively, and to export the same direct to any

Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and to import

into the said Colonies or Plantations any Sort of Corn or Grain

direct from any such Port in Europe, or from any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of

North Latitude, in such Ships or Vessels, and under certain Restric-

dons, Regulations and Forfeitures as are therein particularlydeferibed,

appointed, limited and enacted for that Purpose: And whereas the

Provisions under which such Exportation from the British Colonies,

and Importations into the same, to and from the Places in Europe

and Africa hereinbefore described are allowed, have been found

inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excel-

it Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

writual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

embled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Sugr, &t. mty

; Firil Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, He exported from

shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to ship in any of Plantations in

s Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, any Sugar, menca.to any

ffee or Cocoa, being of the Growth and Produce of any bach atidCoru^m*

lony or Plantation respectively, and to export the same direct to ported from any

' Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre; and to such Port, Jc.

wrt into the said Colonies or Plantations Any Sort of Corn or

tin direct from any such Ports in Europe, or from any Port or

te on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth

pee of North Latitude, in such Ships or Vessels, and under such

taces, Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations,

aJties and Forfeitures as are herein after particularly described,

ointed and limited for that Purpose.

I. And be it further enacted, That no Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa Sugar, &c. not

I be shipped or laden in any of the said Colonies or Plantations exported but in

the Purpose of being carried to a Port in Europe, to the South- British-built

dot Cape Finisterre % except in British-bnWt Ships owned, navi- jej^Licen^ce^b-

?d and registered according to Law, nor unless a Licence shall tai, e(j an(j k*.

been first taken out for that Purpose under the Hands and Seals gulatioruok-

he Collector and Controller of the Port at which such Sugar, fervtd.

fee or Cocoa is intended to be shipped or laden, the Form of

ch Licence shall be settled under the Direction of the Com-

ioners of the Customs in England, subject to the Regulations and the Conditions hereafter mentioned; that is to say, that Notice

first given in Writing by the Master or by One or more Owner

Owners of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector and Controller

such Port of the Intention of such Master or Owner or Owners,

; such Ship or Vessel shall when laden proceed direct to some Port tsrepe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and export from ace, or from some Port or Place on the Coast of Africa, to the ftbward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, Com or lu to be carried direct to the Colony or Plantation from which I Ship or Vessel shall have failed, and the Person or Persons Ming to'ship such Sugar, Coffee ot Cocda shall then make Oath P p 2 before

A.D. 1812.

3M C., 8. GEO. III.

Booi.

Stripping Sugar, "1 &cv Produce of Foreign Plantation.

Penary*.

Entry made before Sugar, Coffee, Sec. shipped.

before the Collector and Controller of the said Port* (which Oah they are hereby authorised and required to adcpintfler) that it is his or their fuJLl Intention and Resolution to load such ShiporVeffd with Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa for Exportation direct to Come Port in Europe, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre9 and to no other Place whatever, a>nd the Matter or Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel, together with the Person or Persons {o intending to ibip th? fj^id Coffee, shall thereupon enter into Bond to the Use of His Majesty, his Hei^a and Successors, in Treble the Value of the Sugar, Coffee or Cocon. with Condition that in case a Licence shall be granted giving Liberty to such Ship or Vessel to La<fe and cant Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa from His Majesty's Sogar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cept Finisterre, and to export from thence or from any Port or Place on the Co.aff of Africa, to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Corn or Grain direct to the Goloriw or Plantations as aforesaid* that such Ship or Vesseff shall proceed direct to Come legal Port of Destination specifo'ng the same, and tto] np Goodg whatever except Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa shall be taken 01 board, unless ijt shall be for the necessary Use of hich Ship or VeS during hjer Voyage, and also that before the Expiration of Ts Years from the Date of such Licence the same shall be delivered 1 to the Collector or Controller of the Custom&of the Port where tj Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa was shipped and laden, together with a Ce Locate signed, and, sealed by thp Confpl or Two knowa British Me ghauts of gpod Credit at the Port or Place where such Sugar, CoS or Cocoa was landed, certifying the Landing thereof, with d Number of Caiks or other Packages of such Sugar, Coffee or Coo fc> landed, and the Mark, Number and Contents of each Cask Package, together with the Name of the Ship and Matter, tjiat he or they verily believe that no other Goods than Sugar, Cd or Cocpa have been there lauded out of such Ship or VesseL 1

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vd licensed by virtue of this Act, shall take on board in any of the Sugar Colonies, or Plantations, or in her Voyage from thence* 4 Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa being the Produce of any Foreign Colour Plantation, all such Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa fa laden on board i$ Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited and lost, together with Double 1 Value thereof, and the Matter and Shipper thereof shall ferea forfeit Rouble the Value of the Goods so laden contrary to 1 Direction of this Act, to he recovered, in the Court of ViceAdmai bfild in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer Prosecutor 5 Oue Third Part to be for the Use of His Majestfe Heirs and Successors, One Third Part to the Governor, at! Colony, and the other One Third Part to the Informer or Profectt

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar* Coffx Cocoa shall be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel in the  Colonies or Plantations, or, any of them, by virtue of a Licence be grapted under the Authority of this Act, to be carried to.any P ip Europe to the Southward cf Cape Finisterre, the Mpix^baat or ot Person intending to export any Sugar, Coffee-or Cocoa, in such S or Vessel, shall, before the same or any Part thereof it shipped or on. board, make an Entry or Entries of such Sugaf# Coffee 1

Cod

jrGfcO.IH.

C. 98: $t

a, in Writing;, with the Collectot 4hd Comptroller 6f Hit fry's Customs, expressing the Name of the Ship and the Mhftft* hich such Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, is to be laden, and where (he and also the Place, Quay or Wharf, where the fam is to be or first waterborne in oraer to bfc laden, which shall be within Port only where a Custom House is established, and where ad er or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading and ing thereof, or at such Place or Places as shall be ifcerttioned ill Regulations ok* fferance or Warrant to be taken Out from the Collector and served in ship-stroller for that Purpose, and shall thereon take otlt froth the ping Articles, 'olleftor and Comptroller, a Cocqdet Or Warrant accordingly* ron shall be indorsed by the Exporter, the Marks, Numbers and .*ntB, Sorts or proper Denomination of such Sugar, Coffee and 1, and shall deliver the Cocquet or Warrant so mdoHed to the her or other Officer appointed for the examining and shipping of, and shall ship or lade such Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, iti the nee of such Officer or Officers, or at such Place or Places ak be mentioned in the said Sufferance or Warrant, that the r Officer or Officers may attend the shipping thereof, and such t or Officers are hereby empowered to examine the same before ire put on board; and if upon examining the said Sugar, Coffee If Fraud disco-Cocoa, which shall be shipped or brought to be (nipped by verd in of such Cocquet Or Warrant, either before or after the ship- Goods, forfeited* thereof, the Number of Casks Or Packages shall be greater than &c*

>rfed thereon, or if there shall be found any other Sugar, Coffee !ocoa, but such as shall be so indorsed on such Cocquet or Wat*-aken out and delivered as aforesaid, or any other Goods than, Coffee and Cocoa, shall be discovered to have been laden ot n board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty to trade d Parts to suthward of Cape Finisterre by virtue of this Act, or shall be; ht to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, or shall be put my Hoy, lighter, Boat or other Vessel, in order to be put oti

such Ship or Vessel before such Entry or taking out such set or Warrant, indorsing and delivering of the same, knd not shipped in the manner aforesaid, but mall be piit on board of pted to be put on board contrary to the Directions of this Act, ch Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, and other Goods so shipped of; bt to be shipped in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be forfeited Penalty.

)ft, as also the Hoy, lighter, Boat or other Vessel of Carriage rver, employed in shipping or attempting to ship any Goods than Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, together with the Ship ot 1 on which such other Goods shall be laden, and the Owner of Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa or other Goods, shall forfeit Double the Penalty, e thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice Admiralty held JT of His Majesty's Plantations in America, Or in any other Court ecord in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America^ at thd don of the Informer or rrofecutor 5 One Third Part to be to Jfe of Htt Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One Third Part to >ovenldr of the said Colony, and the other One Third Part to nformer or Prosecutor; and before such Ship or Vessel shall de-s from the said Colonies with the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, laden foresaid, the Matter or other Person having or taking Charge (fcf, shall receive the said Licence from the Collector or Compel with a Certificate indorsed thereon or affiled thereto, under

pp 3

5?4

Brtnd on fronting Licence delivered up after complying with Conditions.

Complying with Conditions of Licence, Corn may he imported imo Colonies.

}5 Car.i* c. 7.

How Penalties prosecuted and applied.

C-p8,

52 GEO-W.

A.D. 1812.

their Hands and Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of such Licence, Indorsements or Certificates, for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorsements and Certificates, or Copies, no more shall be takdn by the said Officers than the legal and accustomed Fees, and the Matter or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship, shall before he receives the said Licence attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the Collector and Comptroller, who are hereby required, as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit One of the said Copies of the Indorsements or Certificates to the Com* jnissioners of the Customs in England, and record in a Book to be kept for that Purpose the Notice in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel, the Affidavit of the Shipper, the Licence granted for the Exportation of the Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, toother with the Clearance j but in case any Goods besides Sugar, Coffer: and Cocoa, shall be found on board or carried by any such Ship or Vessel to any Foreign Parts other than such as are limited by this Act, then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall cease and become void and of none Effect, and such Ship or Vessel, and also the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and all others concerned, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject and liable to in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon such Licence being returned to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa was shipped, and an Account of the Lading being indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, and also upon such Certificate of the Consul, or Two known British Merchants of good Credit, being produced as aforesaid, and the several other Matters and Things required by this Act being duly Complied with within Two Years from the Date of such Licence, the Bond given before granting such Licence shall be discharged and delivered up; any thing in the said Bond or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be prosecuted in the manner directed by this Act.

Yl. And be it further enacted, That upon the Matter or Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel conforming in every respect to the Terms and Conditions of the said Licence and Bond, and obtaining a Certificate from the Consul or Two known British Merchants a aforesaid, at the Port where the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa may hate been landed, it shall and may be lawful for such Ship or Vessel to fkm or load in the Port of Delivery, or at any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Latitude of Thirty Degrees North, any Sort of Corn pr Grain the Produce of Europe or Africa for Exportation, direct to the said Colonies or Plantations, and there land the same; any thing contained in an Act made in England it the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charley ia-tituled An Act for the Encouragement of Trade % or any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain of Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act (except where it is otherwise provided) shall and may be prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin* or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Ow;

Moiety

y

iSia.

5&s

52 GEO. III. C. 98, 99.

ty. whereof to be for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-s, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, pro-

and recover the same, wherein no Effuign, Protection or Wager w shall be allowed, nor any more than One. Imparlance.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons je sued or prosecuted for any thing done or to be done in pur-

of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence 5 and Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become it or forbear the Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their, n, or if a Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, the De* it or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the Remedy for the same as in cases where Cells are by Law given tq dants.

And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons grant a false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase or alter any ce, Oath or Certificate which shall be made or given pursuant s Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use f, such Person or Persons shall forfeit rive hundred Pounds, to overed and disposed of in the manner directed by this Act \ ich Licence, Oath or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, erased red, shall be invalid and of no Effect.

CAP. XCIX.

dl for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Lima Islands, and exported therefrom in Foreign Vessels

I for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the said nds.

[i/th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Provision should be i made for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the Bail Ilia nds; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moil Excel-lajesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-: d, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after irll Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it and may be lawful for any Foreign Sloop, Schooner or other whatever, described in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of jrefeut Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and* ex-be several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and nation of certain Goods and Merchandise into and from certain in the West Indies, to come in Ballast, or to import into any of the Bahama Ifimds where there is a Custom House, the: les allowed in the said Act to be io imported, and also to ex-the Articles allowed in the said Act to be so exported, coo-ibly with the Regulations of the said Act; and also to export subject to the Duty of Tonnage, and under the Reguli t ona fed by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present fty'a Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade between the 81 of His Majestfs Colonies and Plantations in North America in the West India Islands and the Countries belonging to the Unitedi of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Bf* Islands in the West Indies; any thing in an Act passed pi Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled P p 4 An

General Islut,

Treble Coll*.

Granting false Certificate, altering Licence, &c. Penalty.

Any Vessel defcrilied in 45 CL 3- c. 57. may come in Ballad, or import into and export from Bahama Islandt Articles allowed and also may ex port Salt subject to Regulation* imposed by8 G. 3. c. 6. 12 Car.ft. c. 18

A.D. 1812.

0*

Salt reported

without Bond required by 6 G. 3. c. $ %, I 30.

52 GEO. III.

WQ.3-H7*

Goods reported

h British-built VdTb from any w West Indie IfLod to another; and aUo % om any Cc^y to another in America, fcc.

An Act for the HUOurmging and increasing of Shipping mmd Ki or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fki of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shaft be lawful for any British Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated ing to Law, to export from any Port of the said Bahama Quantity of Salt, without entering into the Bond and quired by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Reign, intituled Am AS for repealing certmim Duties in tie Colonies and Plantations granted by lever A Acts of Parham also tie Duties imposed by an Act made in the lad Srfiem tf upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain, granting other Duties itdlead thereof; and for further enc regulating and securing froeral Branches of the Trade of this mmd the British Dominions in America.

CAP. e.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and) chandize from ?ny of His Majesty's I Hands in the Wft I tQ any other of the said I Hands, and to and from any < British Colonies on the Continent of America* and Island8 and Colonies.

[9th July it

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Exportation

yV Goods or Commodities of the Manufacture of Eurtf also of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall bsv

legally imported, and also Prize Goods from any one

Majesty's I Hands in the West Indies to any other of the said 1 4 or to any of the BritUb Colonies on the Continent of Anl

from any one of the said British Colonies on the Comment of] 4 mica, to any of the said Islands in the West Indies, or to anyf of the said British Colonies on the Continent of America, in tbs

manner as is permitted from certain lHands named in an Act in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 1 consolidate and extend the several La*ws now in force for a-

4 Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merch and from certain Ports in the West Indies Be it therefore 1 by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the A dr Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, id nrelent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the f That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and ful to and for any of His Majesty's Subjects to export in any built Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Ln*j any one of the Islands in the West Indies belonging to His I - any other of the said Islands, or to any of the British C the Continent of America, and from any one of the said Britft I nice in America to any of the Islands in the West Indies belong His Majesty, or to any other British Colony or Plantation 1, Continent of America, any Goods or Commodities whatsoewH Manufacture of Europe, and also any Goods, Wares or Me or Prize Goods, which shall have been legally imported i the said Islands or Colonies, under the Rqles, Ktgufctati R, e&ri&k>nt in the fakj Act mejUjoned.

CA(

itiu

52 GEO. III. C. 10t, io2 587

CAP. Cl.

it to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses of ulb created for Charitable Purposes.

[9th July 1812.]

THERE A8 it is expedient to provide a more summary Remedy r in cases of Breaches of Trusts created for Charitable Purposes, rell at for the just and upright Administration of the same j' Be refore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and he Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

!ommotas, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-y of the same, That, from and after the pa fling of this Act, in In cases of case of a Breach of any Trust or supposed Breach of any Trail re.a<: h of Trull, d for Charitable Purposes, or whenever the Direction or Order Cf"

Court of Equity shall be deemed necessary for the Adrainiftra- cciiorf&c. who f any Trust for Charitable Purposes, it shall be lawful for any shall hear the or more Persons to present a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, same in a futn-Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great ma*7a?> and or Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, or to the Court of rder

cquer, Racing such Complaint, and praying such Relief as the re of the case may require; and it shall be lawful for the Lord cellor. Lord Keeper and Commissioners for the Custody of the t Seal, and for the Master of the Rolls, and the Court of Ex-rr, and they are hereby required to hear such Petition in a sum-way, and upon Affidavits or such other Evidence as shall be pro*

I upon such hearing to determine the same, and to make such

r therein, and with respect to the Costs of such Applications as

n or them shall seem just; and such Order shall be final and con- Appeal to House

e, unless the Party or Parties who shall think hknfeif or them- of Lords.

t aggrieved thereby shall, within Two Years from the time when

Order shall have been passed and entered by the proper Officer,

preferred an Appeal from such Decifioo to the House of Lords,

10m it is hereby enacted and declared that an Appeal shall lie from Order.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Petition Petitions signed

be preferred as aforesaid shall be signed by the Persons preferring and certified, &c.

amc, in the Presence of and shall be attested hr the Solicitor or

>raey concerned for such Petitioners, and every such Petition shall

ibmitted to and be allowed by His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor

end, and such Allowance shall be certified by him before any such

lion shall be pretented.

[I. And be it further enacted, That neither the Petitions, nor proemdfop set Proceedings upon the same or relative thereto, nor the Copies of faMet# Sumy such Petitions or Proceedings, shall be ubje& or liable to the meat of any Stamp Duty whatever.

CAP. cn.

A&fonhe registering and fectuing of Charitable Donations.

[9th July iSia.]

WHEREAS Charitable Donations have been given for the Benefit of poor and other Persons in England and Waltr to a Rry considerable Amount, and many of the aforesaid Donations appear to have been loft* and others, from the Neglect of Payment and the

5*

C. 102.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

the Inattention of those Persons who ought to fupennteod them, are in Danger of being loft, or rendered very difficult to be preferred

Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Memorial of Deeds, &c. respecting Charitable Donations already founded tegiilered.

The like of Charitable Donations hereafter founded.

Clerks of the Peace to provide proper Books wherein registries made.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Aa-thority of the same, That a Memorial or Statement of the Real and Personal Estate, and of the Gross Annual Income, Investment, and the general and particular Objects of all and every Charity and Chart-tieB, and Charitable Donations, for the Benefit of any poor or other Persons in any Place in England and Wales, which shall have beet founded, established, made, benesited, increased or secured, together with the Names of the respective Founders of or Benefactors thereto, where known, and also of the Person or Persons in whose Custodr, Possession or Controul, the Deeds, Wills and other Instrume&ti whereby such Charities or Charitable Donations shall have beet founded, established, made, benesited, increased or secured, may be, and also of the Names of the then Trustee or Trusttes, Feoffee or Feoffees, Possessor or Possessors of such Real or Personal Estate, shall, from and after Six Calendar Months after the passing of this-Ad, be registered by such Person or Persons who shall then be the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, Possessor or Possessors thereof, or some or one of such Persons, in manner and in the Form contained it the Schedule to this Act annexed, in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the County, or City or Town, being a County of itfess, within which such poor or other Persons shall be; and such Memorial or Statement shall be signed by such Person or Persons caufiugtbe same to be registered and left in the said Office of such Clerk of the Peace, who shall forthwith transmit a Duplicate or Copy of the feae unto the Enrolment Office of the High Court of Chancery.

II. And be it further enacted, That wherever any such Charity or Charitable Donations shall be founded, established, made or benesited, increased or secured by Deed, Will or any other Instrument hereafter to be made or executed by any Person or Persons, that then a like Memorial or Statement, according to the Directions hereinbefore contained, shall be registered, and left and transmitted as aforesaid, by such Person or Persons as are hereinbefore mentioned, within Twtht Months after the Decease of such Person or Persons by whom any such Will, Deed or Deeds, or other Instrument shall have been uadi or executed.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of such Re-giltries of such Memorials or Statements, the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of each and every County, or City or Town, being a County of ittels, or Riding within England and Wales, shall, as theie shall be Occasion, provide proper Books of Parchment or Velkw, wherein such Registers shall be made and entered; and every such original Memorial or Statement, and every such Book provided a aforesaid, shall be carefully kept and preserved for Public Use aid Inspection in the Office to which it shall belong, together with a corned! Index, to be made from time to time by such Clerk of the Peace, of such Charities and Charitable Donations, distinguishing each by the Name of the original or first Donor or Founder thereof, where knovi, or the Appellation or Title most generally used for such Charity or Charitable Donations.

C. 102.

Si 2.

s 2* Geo. m.

And be it further enacted, That in case the Persons to be be-by any such Charity or Charitable Donations as aforesaid shall wholly within any one County, then, and in such case suchof the Peace of the County where any such Charity or Chari-onation shall be registered, shall forthwith notify in the London the Name or Title thereof, according to the Appellation or ed in the Index af >resaid, and the Names of the several Places the Objects of such Charity or Charitable Donations shall be, particular or general Objects thereof, and also the Name of the wherein such Memorial or Statement shall have been registered. knd be it further enacted, That if any such Charity or ble Donation shall not be duly memorialized, dated and re. according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may al for any Two Persons or more, interested in such Charity itable Donation, to present a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, deeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great r Master of the Rolls for the time being, or the Court of uer, complaining thereof; and they are hereby required to ch Petition in a summary way, and upon Affidavits, or such vidence as shall be produced upon such hearing, to determine ie, and to make such Order therein, and with respect to the f such Application and Proceedings, as to him or them shall, and which Order shall be final and conclusive.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proceed-der the Provisions hereinbefore mentioned, shall extend or be: d to extend to decide any Right or Title as to the Property ill be so registered, or as to the Persons who shall be entitled, l to be entitled, to the Benefit thereof, or any Interest therein. And be it further enacted, That all and every Clerk of the of the several Counties and Ridings in England and Wales,

\ often as required, make Searches concerning all Memorials itcmentB directed by this Act to be entered in his or their is aforesaid, and shall also give Copies of the same under his if required by any Person whatsoever, who shall tender or be to pay him the Sum or Sums herein after directed to be allowed for such Copies of such Memorials or Statements as aforesaid.

L And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the shall be allowed for the registering every such Memorial or ent as is by this Act directed, the Sum of Four Shillings, more, in case the same do not exceed Four hundred Words, ueb Memorial or Statement shall exceed Four hundred Words, ter the Rate and Proposition of One Shilling an Hundred for Words contained in such Entry, and the like Fees for the like: r of Words contained in every Copy of any Entry given out of i Register, and no more; and for every Notification in the i Gazette, the Costs of such Notification, and the further Sum i Shillings for drawing and inserting the same, and transmit-\e Duplicate or Copy hereinbefore mentioned unto the Enrol-)ffice of the High Court of Chancery, and uo more.

And be it further enacted, That where any Difficulty shall in making and preparing such Memorial or Statement as afore-o as to render it necessary to employ any longer time than is tdby the Provisions of this Act for registering such Memorial or Bent as hereinbefore is mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the

5*9

Notice given in London Gazette if Person* benefited shall not be wholly within one ounty.

If Donations not registered Petition presented to Lord Chancellor, &(.

Proceedings not to decide Right or Title.

Clerk of Peace

ro make Searches, and give Copies of Registers.

Allowance to Clerk of the Peace;

and to Person inserting Notification iu Gazette,

Further time allowed to register Memorial where Difficulties occur in preparing tame*

C.I02.

A.D. 181*.

59

Cods attending preparing Mc-moriala allowed

Not to extend to Donation not securod upon Lands; nor to Charitable Institutions.

Act not to extend to any Royal Foundations; nor to certain locutions.

C. 102. sa* GEO. III.

the Court of Quarter SelHons for the County, or City of Tows, being a County of itself, wherein such Memorial or Statement is intended to be registered, to allow, on Application made to them, and on Examination of the Circumstances, such further time, sot exceeding Six Calendar Months, as to such Court shall seem needhry to be^riven for the Purpose of duly registering such Memorial Statement as hereinbefore is mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Quarter Sessiona of the County, or City or Town, being a County of itself, wherein such Statement or Memorial fb3 have been registered, to allow such reasonable Costs and Charges attending the preparing and registering, notifying and tranhrmtug such Memorial or Statement, with Reference to the Income of the Charity or Charitable Donation, to such Person or Persons caufiag the same to be registered, as such Court shall think fit; and it dull and may be lawful for such Person or Persons who shall have Ciuffd such Memorial or Statement to be registered, to deduct out of the Income, Funds, Rents and Profits in his or their Hands of such Charity or Charitable Donation so by him or them memorialized and Rated and registered, the Sum and Sums so allowed, and no mort: Provided always, that the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall cat allow any Sum whatever for and in respect of such Costs and Charges, unless it shall be Hated to them upon the Declaration in Writing of the Person or Persons applying for such Allowance, and signed by him or them, that such Memorial or Statement is to the* belt of h % her or their Knowledge and Belief true in every respect, and that a doth contain to the best of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, a true and full Account of the Real and Personal Estate, annual grofi Income, Investment, and the particular or general Objects of thcl Charity or Charitable Donation of which such Memorial or Statemoti shall have been registered, together with the Names of the respeditB Donors or Benefactors thereto, where known, and also of the Person or Persons in whose Custody, Possession or Controul, the Deeds, Wills and other Instruments hereinbefore mentioned, shall at such tkaf be, and also the Names of the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoff?*, Possessor or Possessors of such Real and Personal Estate: Provided always, that none of the Provisions hereinbefore contained shall be con (trued to extend to any Charity or Charitable Donation not ifftang out of or secured upon any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of directed by the Founder or Donor thereof to be secured thereoo, or to be permanently in veiled in Government or any Public Stocks or Funds, nor to any Charitable Donation whatsoever, which by tk Direction of the Donor thereof, or by the lawful Rules of any Chin-table Institution whatsoever, may be wholly or in part expended k tsd about the Charitable Purposes for which the same may have been gives, at the Discretion of the Governors, Directors, Managers, or the Tnrfet or Trustees of such Charitable Institution at any time whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall I. construed to extend to any Hospital, School or other CharitiNr Institution whatsoever, which shall have been founded, improved or regulated by or under the Authority of the King's Most ExceRwt Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors, or of any special Ad J Parliament thereunto particularly relating; nor to any Charitt!1*-Donation under the Superintendence of my such Hospital, School 15 Initau

i8y?*

C. 102.

59*

52Geo. ra.

tinn* nor to the Governors of the Corporation of the Charity

Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen* nor to deadly Society* the Rules whereof shall have been confirmed ing to the Provisions of the Act or Acts for the Encourage* and Relief of Friendly Societies; nor to either of the Univer-d Oxford or Cambridge, nor to any College or Hall thereto ing, nor to any Charitable Bequest, Devise, Gift or Foundation >ever belonging thereto, or under the Controul, Direction, Super-ence or Management of the said Universities or either of them, r College or Hall therein respectively; nor to the Radefyfe ary within the University of Oxford; nor to the Colleges of iffyfcr, Eton or Winchester, or auy of them; nor to any Cathedral iegiate Church within England and Wales; nor to the Charter:; nor to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford f; nor to auy Funds applicable to Charitable Purposes for the t of any Persons of the Jeavifh Nation.

I. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall Nor to Chants* 1 to any Charitable Foundation or Donation which shall have We Institution*

)r shall be given to and for the Benefit of any Person or Perfom of

Society of People called Quakers, and which shall be under the intendence and Controul of Persons of that Persuasion.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Nor to Charita-s Ad contained shall extend to any Charity or Charitable Do- We Foundations, i or Foundation, the Accounts of the Income and Expenditure A, c5um*of A of shall have been directed to be annually passed in the High to b^pafTei^-l of Chancery, nor to any Charity or Charitable Donation or \n Court of dation, the annual gross Income whereof shall not exceed Forty Chancery, &c. ngs, and of which the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees,

(Tor or Possessors, some or one of them, shall within Six Months the passing of this Act deposit in the Hands of the Minister ofarish wherein any of the Objects of such Charity, Charitable bon or Fbundation shall be* a written Memorial or Statement e form ae in the Schedule hereunto annexed is contained, andt b by such Miqifter shall be forthwith deposited in the Parish

IV. And be it further enacted, That where any Body Corpo- Divers Charidg Guild or Fraternity, shall be entrusted with the Possession or ft*1 in ribution of divera Charities or Charitable Donations or Founda- Me*001*!* i* or of the Rents and Profits thereof, that in such cases all: such> rities, Charitable Donations and Foundations* may be registered. stated in one and the same Memorial.

; v. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty and to General Saving ihcrPeribns* such Power of superintending and regulating Cha-

and Charitable Establishraents, and the Property and* Fund* icof, as they, respectively had before the making of this Act.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, i MEMORIAL or Statement in pursuance. of an Act for the rendering and securing of Charitable Donations; wherehy it leclared by the Undersigned [fate the Name or Names of the Per-i who sign the Memorial or Statement^ That the Real or Personal hte [fate this as the case may be-\ of the [state the Title9 or Appel- of the Charity or Charitable Donation] consists of [state this Attoft may be $ and if Real Estate} whether it be in Lands> Tenements

59*

A.D. 1812.

C. 102, 103. 52 GEO. III.

merits or Hereditaments, and of what Tenure, and where the same ere

situate, or whether of any Charge or Incumbrance on any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and where situate: and if Personal Ejidte, describe the Nature of it, and how secured j and the Gross Anneal Income arising therefrom amounts to [ (late the Sam] and the Objects of which Charity or Charitable Foundation arc \Jlate the general er particular Ohjeds of the Charity] and which Charity or Charitable Foundation was, according to the bell of my for, our, as the case may be] Knowledge and Belief, founded by f fate by whom; and ij benesited, increased or secured by any other Perf on, fiat e the same and by whom'] and the Deeds, Wills and other Instruments ffiate this as the case may be; and if no Deeds, Wills or other lnfiruments exif, fiate the fame] are, to the best of my [or, our, as the case may be] Knowledge and Belief, in the Custody, Possession or Controul [fate this as the case may be] of [fiate the Name of the Body Corporate cr natural Person] and the Trustees, Feoffees or Possessors [fiate this as the case may be] of the said Real and Personal Estate [ fiate this as the case may be] are, to the best of iny [or, our, as the case may &] Knowledge and Belief [fiate the Name < ody Corporate or

natural Person, as the case may beJ.

A.B. CD.

E.F.

Trustee or Trustees, Feoffees, Possessor of Possessors of the Real or Personal Estate [s/ the case may be] of the Charity or Charitable Donation hereby memorialized and registered.
---
CAP. CIII.

An Act for the more easy Manning of Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[9th July 1812.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for giving further Facility to the Manning of Ships and Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery;' Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Ships not to lose Benefit of Fishing Voyage though Master has not taken Oath in G.B. &c.]

That no Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, the Master of which shall have taken the Oath or made the Declaration of Fidelity and Allegiance to His Majesty, required by an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty,

[35 G. 3. c. 92.  37, 38.]

intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries, shall lose the Benefit of any Fishing Voyage, by reason that the said Master shall not have taken the Oath or made the Declaration of his having already established, or of its being his Intention to establish himself and Family in Great Britain, or by reason that all or any of the Foreign Protestants employed as Mariners in navigating such Ship or Vessel shall not have taken either of the said Oaths, or made either of the said Declarations.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 104. 593

CAP. CIV.

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the administering or taking Unlawful Oaths.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[37 G. 3. c. 123.]

intituled An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of Unlawful Oaths: And whereas it is expedient that more effectual Provisions should be made as to certain Oaths; be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that every Person who shall in any Manner or Form whatever, administer or cause to be administered, or be aiding or assisting at the administering of any Oath or Engagement, purporting or intending to bind the Person taking the same to commit any Treason or Murder, or any Felony, punishable by Law with Death, shall, on Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy; and every Person who shall take any such Oath or Engagement, not be compelled thereto, shall, on Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported as a Felon for the Term of his natural Life, or for such Term of Years as the Court before which said Offender or Offenders shall be tried shall adjudge.

[Persons compelled to take Oaths, not justified, unless they declare same within 14 Days.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Compulsion shall not justify or excuse any Person taking such Oath or Engagement, unless he or she shall, within Fourteen Days after the taking thereof, if not prevented by actual Force or Sickness, and then within Fourteen Days after the Hindrance produced by such Force or Sickness shall cease, declare the same, together with the Whole of what he or she shall know touching the same, and the Person or Persons by whom, and in whose Presence, and when and where such Oath or Engagement was administered, or taken, by Information on Oath before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or His Majesty's Privy Council; or in case the Person taking such Oath or Engagement shall be in actual Service in his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, then by such Information on Oath as aforesaid, or by Information to his Commanding Officer.

[Persons confessing, before being charged, idemnified.]

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person who before he shall be charged with any Offence under the said recited Act or this Act, in taking any Oath or Engagement described in the said recited Act or this Act, shall, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, appear before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and declare the same, and the Oath or Engagement so taken, and when and where the same was taken, and in what Manner, and who shall at the same Time take before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty, shall be and is hereby indemnified against any Prosecution of any Offence under the said recited Act or this Act; and no Confession

594 C. 104. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

so made by any such Person shall be given in Evidence against the Person making the same in any Court or in any case whatever.

[Persons aiding, &c. deemed Principals.]

IV. And be it further enacted, that Persons aiding and assisting at the administering of such Oath or Engagement as aforesaid, and Persons causing any such Oath or Engagement to be administered, though not present at the administering thereof, shall be deemed Principal Offenders, and shall be tried as such, and on Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as Felons, without Benefit of Clergy, although the Persons or Persons who actually administered such Oath or Engagement, if any such there shall be, shall not have been tried or convicted.

[In Indictments sufficient to set forth Purport of such Oaths.]

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in Any Indictment against any Person or Persons administering or causing to be administered or taken, or taking any such Oath or Engagement as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting at, or present at and consenting to the administering or taking thereof, to set forth the Words of such Oath or Engagement, and that it shall be sufficient to set forth the Purport of such Oath or Engagement, or some material Part thereof.

[Engagement in Nature of Oath deemed one, &c.]

VI. Provided always, be it further enacted, That any Engagement or Obligation whatsoever, in the Nature of an Oath, purporting or intending to bind the Person taking the same to commit any Treason or Murder, or any Felony punishable by Law with Death, shall be deemed an Oath within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, in whatever Form or Manner the same shall be administered or taken, and whether the same shall be actually administered by any Person or Persons to any other Person or Persons, or taken by any other Persons or Persons without any Administration thereof by any other Person or Persons.

[Where Offences prosecuted.]

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Offence committed against this Act, on the High Seas or out of this Realm, or within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may be prosecuted, tried and determined before any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, for any County, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if such Offence had been therein committed; and if committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may be prosecuted, tried and determined, either before the Judiciary Court at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom.

[Persons tried under Act not tried again for same Offence, but tried as for High Treason, &c.]

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That any Person who shall be tried and acquitted or convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted tried again for the same Offence or Fact, as High Treason or Misprision of High Treason; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prohibit any Person guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall not be tried at the same as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the same as High Treason on Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as if this Act had not been made

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 105. 595

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others, in relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution and securing the due Application thereof.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[48 G. 3. c. 107.]
---
intituled An Act to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties and Rejidues of Sums, due under certain Acts relating to the Defence of the ReaJntf for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to Persons entitled thereto: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act Should be continued and amended and extended: And whereas an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year 37 G. 3. c. 4. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the federal Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fecund Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for 42G 3. c. 90. amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty 42 G. 3. c. 91. second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to raise and ejlairfb a Militia Force in Scotland: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 43G. 3. c.ja for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under Two Acts passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled 43 G- 3*c. 82.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force, for the better Def ence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Projection of the War; and of another Act passed in the Forty third Year 43 G. 3.C. 83. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more ejfc dually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Projection of the Ivar: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled 44 G. 3. c. 56.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force

for the Defence of the Re aim, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Foroes, and for the gradual Reduction of the

Militia of England: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty 44 G. 3. c. 66.

fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for efta-

Hiding and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the De-

fence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's

Regular Foroes, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of

Scotland .* And whereas an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year 47 G. 3. S; ir.a

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the speedy completing c. 71.

the Militia of Great Britain, and increasing the same, under certain

52 Geo. III. Qq ' Limitations

A.Ditr-

59<J

C. ioj.

52 GEO. III.

4-i^ i '-S3-50 G 3. c. 14.

4 Limitations and Red rid ions: And whereas an Act pasco buc*Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled Am -

pleting the Militia of Great Britain: And whereas an Act in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled Am 4 amend an Act passed in the Into Session of Parliament fur.'

1 the Militia of Great Britain, and to make further Pnxdm completing the said Militia: And whereas an Act passed is 51 G 3. c. 20. < Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act h

certain Proposition of the Militia of Great Britain to nJijiwinto the Regular Foroes, and to provide for the gradual R 4 of the said Militia: And whereas large Sums of Money from time to time been paid, under the Provisions of the recited Acts and other Acts, and have otherwise come istr.

now remain in the Hands of Clerks of Subdivision Meet:

Secrettfv at War, 8cc. empowered to call for Returns of Sumseceivtd by Clerks of General or Subdivi-lion Meetings, and other Persona.

other Persons; which Sums ought to be speedily recovered the said Clerks of Subdivisions and other Persons, and pi.;

distributed to the Persons entitled thereto, so far as t!

may be practicable, and the Remainder, if any, be applied:

Public Service: But by reason of the Want of proper R

and of adequate Powers for enforcing Returns relating to Sums of Money, such Sums cannot be ascertained, ditlnbut applied; and it is therefore expedient and necessary that fi and additional and more effectual Powers should he given i.t 4 forcing Returns and Payment of all such Sums of Money,

enabling the Secretary at War to ascertain and enforce 1:

4 Return and Application of all Fines, Bounties and Sums of

under the said recited Acts, and all other Acts relating to the Dtl of the Realm and Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps, asa

additional Forces as aforesaid, and to the Regular and Militia, and enlisting and volunteering into either of such Fa Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majest and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblnJ, the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Scere: War to require from any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meet. from any Person who shall have acted or may hereafter ad as On General or Subdivision Meetings, in the Execution of any of ti recited Act6, or any other Act or Acts relating to the Defence Realm, or the Regular or Local Militia, or from their Repr tives, and also from any Person or Persons who may have had now have, or shall hereafter have in his or their Hands any F; Moieties of Fines paid under any of the said recited Acts, Monies arising from any Half Parts or Residues of any So Money paid by or on account of any Persons ballot ted to ienre Militia or additional Force for the engaging of any Subibtr Volunteers to be enrolled iu their Stead, or from any Pari Places as Penalties for not having contributed their Quotase as prescribed by the said recited Acts or any other Acts as or from any Person or Persons to whom any such Fines, of Fines or Penalties, Half Parts or Residues shall have " hereafter be transferred or paid, or any other Fines, Bouu of Money under any Act or Acts of Parliament relwt: Regular or Local Militia, such Returns of all Monies an*

Ihch Fines, Penalties, Half Parts or Residues of any such Si

16

52 GEO. III. C. 105.

597

Money received by any such Clerks or other Persons, or Fines, Bounties and Sums of Money aforesaid, and all Matters and Particulars relating thereto; and that all such Returns shall be made out in inch Form, and shall contain such Particulars, as shall be directed by the Secretary at War in that respect.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk or other Person who shall be called upon to make such Return, and shall wilfully refuse or neglect so to do for Ten Days after receiving any Requisition for that rurpose from the Secretary at War, or shall wilfully iifert in any such Return any false Statement of any Matter required by the Secretary at War, under the Authority of this Act, obc Hated therein, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of 3ne hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the secretary at War to make an Order upon such Clerk or other Person is aforesaid, to pay over any such Sum of Money as aforesaid to the \gent General of the Militia and Defence Acts, or to his separate \ccount, at the Bank of England; and every such Clerk or other Won as aforesaid, having any such Money in his Hands, who shall rilfully negied or refuse to pay over the same according to any such )rder, within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, shall forfeit for very such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and double the Amount of the Money remaining in his Hands at the ime of such Order being made as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the secretary at War for the time being, to cause all Accounts which lay be rendered in pursuance of the (bid recited Acts and of this Id, to be duly examined; and he is hereby authorised to pass and How the same; and out of such Monies as may be recovered in pur-jance of the Provisions of this Act to satisfy, as far as may appear)him to be just and proper, all Demands which may be made by ay Persons claiming the Return of any such Fines, Penalties, Moieties f Fines, Half Parts or Residues of Bounties, or other Sums as aforesaid, or any Payment in respect thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and For-ntures imposed by this Act, may be recovered in the manner hereafter directed, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, t the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General for England, or Ad-jeate for Scotland in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West-\inster, or the Court of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or le Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durum, in England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; 'herein no Essoign, Privilege or Protection, Wager of Law, or more ban One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Fine, Penalty and orfeitare, when recovered, shall go and be applied to the Use f His Majesty.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such -lerk or other Person, duly making all such Returns as shall be enquired of him under the Authority of this Act, and duly and whfully paying over all Money in the manner prescribed by this Act, shall be and is hereby indemnified against and discharged from U Penalties, Forfeitures and Suits, to which he might have been able by any former Acts, for any Neglect in making Returns, or

Clerks, kc. IlC^lectilU to make Returns, kc.

[Penalty.]

Secretary at War may order Payment over of Monies appearing by Returns to be in Hands of Clerks, See.

[Penalty.]

Secretary at War to cause Accounts to be duly examined, and to allow lame, and empowered to fa-tisly Demands of Claimants.

Recovery and Applicati.m of Penalties.

Making Returns &c. to Order of Secretary at War, indemnified from Penalties under former Acts.

59& C. 10, 106. 52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Penalties recovered sum-matily in Exchequer.

in not paying over any such Money 5 any thing in any Act or Act to thexontrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which any such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings or cthe Persons whatsoever, having in their Hands any such Fines, Moieties of Fines, Half Parts, or Residues of such Sums of Money, or any other Fines, Bounties or Sums of Money as aforesaid, and vrVd shall not have been duly applied, shall refuse or neglect to make asy such Return as is prescribed by this Act within Ten Days afteT being required so to do by the Secretary at War, or shall make an untnr Return, or shall not within Ten Days after receiving such Order for the Payment of any Money as aforesaid pay the same accordingly, it I shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and such Court is hereby authorised, on the Application of His Majesty's tJ Attorney General for England, or of the Advocate for Scotl&i \ (as the case may be), by Motion to the said Court, in a summirv j way to hear and determine the Matter of such Application; and if j upon Notice of such Application to the Clerk of the Subdirifioo; Meetings or other Person as aforesaid, in respect of whom such: Application shall have been made, no sufficient Cause shall be (kwn for such Default, Neglect or Omission, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to assess such Penalties and Fine respectively a are hereinbefore imposed, and to cause the same to be levied by Diflringas or other Process applicable to the Nature of the case,: according to the Rules and Practice of such Court.

CAP. CVI. 1

An Act for increasing the Duty on Rum and other Spiria imported into Nenufoutidland from the British Colonies and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging 1 Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty now payable si Rum and other Spirits imported into the Island of Nc& 4 foundland should cease and determine, and that other Duties (bool be imposed in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, by the King^.Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent d the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prc&t Duty paid for Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, fra Rum imported and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and into Newfound- twelve, there shall be raisea, levied, collected and paid upon evert land, viz 6d. Gallon of Rum or other Spirits imported into the said Island of West IncHt s"1 Newfoundland from any British Colony or Plantation in the Wf is. 6d. per*Indies a Duty of Six pence; and upon every Gallon of Rum or other Gallon from Spirits imported into the said Island of Newfoundland from any of Biiriih Cdunies His Majesty ?s Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America in America, kc. or from Great Britain or Ireland, a Duty of One Shilling and Six pence; % such Duties to be sued for, recovered and applied in the like manner and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided 15G. 3.C. 31. in an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of His present MajeW i 20' Reign, intituled An Act for the Encouragement oftbc_ Fisheries canid

on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Bmish Dominions a

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. io6, i7* 599

Europe, and for securing the Return of the Ftfhermtn, Sailors and others employed in the said Fisheries, / the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishkg Season.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for extending the Allowance of the Duty on Salt used in making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, to Salt used in making such Acid for bleaching Thread and Cotton Twist.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of 38 O. 3. c. 89.

the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, 89 among other things for transferring the Management of Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties on British Salt is made for such Salt as is used, employed, spent and confnmed in the preparing and making of Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for the Purpose of being made use of in the bleaching of Linen and Cotton: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said Allowance in manner herein after mentioned; Be t therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and rith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ind Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Drawback of he whole Duties now payable on Salt of Englyb Manufacture shall Duty allowed on >e drawn back and allowed for all Salt of English Manufacture Sa, 5.ufCQl". vhich shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in making any Muriatic uch Oxiginated Muriatic Acid in England for the Purpose of being, \cid for bleach made use of in the bleaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twist; ing of Linen, &c. md also that the Duties now payable on Salt of the Manufacture Scotland shall be drawn back and allowed for all Salt which shall k used, employed, spent and confnmed in making any such Oxi-pnated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid in Scotland, for the Purpose ofing made use of as aforesaid; and the Whole of the Duties pay-ible on Salt of English Manufacture which within the Space of Six

Months now last past shall have been used, employed, spent and con- used for six fumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid in England, Months past for the Purpose of being made use of in the bleaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twist; and also the Whole of the Duties payable on Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland, which within the Space lall aforesaid shall have been used, employed, spent andconfumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid in Scotland, of which no Drawback has been already allowed, shall likewise be drawn back and allowed; which said Allowances respectivel v' shall be made under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions as are in or by the said Acontained, provided, settled or established for or in respect of the making of the said recited Allowances respectively.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

5# G. 3. c. 41.

No Wholesale Trader deemed Hawker, l.or shall he or his Servant' be li.iMe to Penalties f<r going from Houseto House leili"g Goods by Whole-lale only.

Persons not prohibited from carrying about Coals in Cans, Ice.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for placing the DnUet si9Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners cf9Hackney Coaches: And whereas it is expedient that the said Ak 4 Should be amended; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excelkft Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person being a Wholr-sale Trader in Lace, in Woollen, Linen, Silk, Cotton or Mixed Goods, or any of the Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Grt# Britain, and felling the same by Wholesale, shall be deemed or taken to be a Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, or any other Act relative to Hawkers, Pedlars or Petty Chapmen, or of any or either of them; and that all and every such Person and Persons, his, her or their Apprentices, Servants or Agents felling by Wholesale only, ftiaU go from House to House and from Shop to Shop to any of their Customers, who fell again by Wholesale or Retail without being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act, or in any of the said Acts touching Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen; any thing in any of the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend to prohibit any Penon or Persons from carrying about Coals in* Carts, or on Horses, Mules and Asses andjfelling the same by Retail, or subject any such Person or Persons to any Duty, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by the said recited Act.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to empower the Commissioners cf Chelsea Hospital 10 commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain Cases.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS invalid, disabled or discharged Soldiers, become entitled to certain Pensions and Allowances from Chelsea Hospital by reason of their Service or their having become invalid or disabled: And whereas many Persons, Subjects of His Majesty,

belonging to Foreign Plantations or Settlements, and resident out of the United Kingdom, and others the Natives of Foreign Couctries allowed by Law to serve His Majesty, become by Woundsor Service entitled to such Pensions and Allowances, but are defines

on being discharged, when entitled to Out Pensions, of returning to their Homes, or of residing out of England, and are put to great Trouble and Inconvenience in receiving their Pensions by reason of their residing abroad; and it is expedient that the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital should be enabled to commute such

10

A.D. 1812.

601

52 GEO. III. C. 109, 1 io.

4 Pensions for an Equivalent in Money: 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Chelsea Hostital to give to any Soldier not a Native of the United Kingdoms, who may nave been or may be discharged, and may be entitled to any Out Pension or Allowance from Chelsea Hospital by reason of Service, or having become invalid or disabled, and shall be desirous of residing out of England, and who may be recommended for that Purpose by any Order of His Majesty, to be fi^nified to the said Commissioners by His Majesty's Secretary at War, such Sum of Money in Gross, in lieu of and for the Purchase of such annual Pension or Allowance as may be directed by the Secretary at War, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury m that Behalf; arrv tiling contained in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Money to be paid as aforesaid to any such Person as an Equivalent for the Pension or Allowance to which he is entitled, shall be paid out of any Money voted for or applicable to the Payment of Pensions or Allowances to discharged Soldiers under the Management of the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, and the Receipt of the Person receiving such Equivalent shall be a full Discharge for the said Commissioners for the said Sum or Sums of Money io paid by them as aforesaid, and shall also be a Discharge by the Person giving such Receipt of all Claims to any future Payment of the said renlion or Allowance: Provided always that no such Receipt shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

CAP. CX.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assessmgy collecting and levying of County Rates; and for the remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the repairing of County Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in Englatid.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy ujfej/ingt collecting and levying of County Rates, it is enacted, that no Part of the Money to be raised and colleged in pursuance of this Act shall be applied to the Repair of any Bridges, Gaols, Prison8 or Houses of Correction, until Presentments be made by the respective Grand Juries at the Assize, Great Sections,

1 General Gaol Delivery or General or Quarter Sessions of the 1 Peace, held for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, of the InfufEciency, Inconveniency, or Want*of Reparation of their Bridges, Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction; and it is further enacted, that, from and after the First Day of Jufie One thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, when

g q 4any

Soldiers not Native* may on Recommendation he allowed a Sum 111 Grtfsin-ftejd < fan Annual Peafion.

28 G. 2. 0. r.

Such Sums paid out of Money applicable to Payment of Pensions.

Sump Duty.

ia G. a. c 29.

lu-

ll*

6q2

C.iio.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

1 any Public Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, or other Work*,

are to be repaired at the Expence of any County, City, Riding,

Hundred, Division, Liberty or Town Corporate, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace at their General or

Quarter Sessions respectively, or the greater Part of them tbfi

and there assembled, if they think proper and convenient, afttr

Presentmentto be made as aforesaid of the Want of Reparation of such Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, to contraCl and agree with any Person or Persons for rebuilding, repairing and amending

of such Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, as shall be withia their respective Counties, Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Divisioos,

Liberties or Towns Corporate, and all other Works which are to be repaired and done by Assessment on the respective Counties, Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Divisions, Liberties or Towns Corporate, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Seven Years, at a certain annual Sum, Payment or Allowance for the same, such Contractor or Contractors giving sufficient Security for the due Performance thereof to the respective Clerk of the Peace*

for the time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff or Chief Officer ' of any City, Town Corporate or Liberty; and that such Justices 1 at their respective General or Quarter Sessions shall give public

Notice of their Intention of contracting with any Person or Persons for rebuilding, repairing and amending the Bridges, Ramparts, 1 Banks or Cops, and other Works aforesaid, and that such Coo*

tracts shall be made at the most reasonable Price or Prices which shall be proposed by such Contractors respectively; and that all

Contracts when agreed to, and all Orders relating thereto, shall be ' entered in a Book to be kept by the respective Clerk of the Peace for th' time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff or Chief

Officer of any City, Town Corporate or Liberty, for that Purpose,

who is and are hereby required to keep them amongst the Record* 4 of such County, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, to be from time to time inspected at all seasonable times by any of the said Justices within the Limits of their Commissions, and by any Person or Persons employed or to be employed by any Parish, Township or Place contributing to the Purposes of this Act, without Fee or Reward: And whereas great Expence in the Repairs of Count)* 4 Bridges, Ramparts, Banks, Cops and other Works appertaining to the same, and of the Roads over the same, and of so much of the Roads at the Ends thereof as by Law is to be repaired at the Expence of any County, Riding, Hundred, Division, Liberty or

Town Corporate, and great Inconvenience to the Public may beoften in a great Measure prevented by the timely and immediate Repair of any inconsiderable Damage, Injury, Defied or sudden

Want of Repair or Amendment of the same, without the Delay which mu ft generally arise from the Necessity imposed by the aforesaid A Cl, of a Presentment by the Grand Jury at the Afiue,

Great Sessions or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Lk 4 berty, of the Want of Reparation of the same; by means of

which Delay the aforesaid Want of Repair is often very much increased, to the great Expence of the County, and great laconvenience of the Public: And whereas it is also expedient thit ( the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Divifloi,

Towa

C-1 io.

ja GEO. III.

603

1 Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions lively, before any Presentment shall have been made as afore-as directed by the aforesaid Act, of the Want of Repair of Roads, should be enabled without any such Presentment to and agree with certain Persons herein after mentioned, for rpairing and amending of the same; and also for keeping the in Repair when so repaired and amended; 9 Be it therefore by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority arne. That, from and after the First Day of July One thought hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town itc or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions or Great respectively, to be holden in the Week next after the Clause tr9 or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to annually Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and Division of Justices in such County, City, Riding, Division, Corporate or Liberty, in or near which any such County or any Bridge which is in Part a County Bridge, Ramparts, Cops or other Works appertaining to the same, or any Part ts thereof, or the Roads over the same, or so much of the at the Ends thereof as by Law is to be repaid at the Ex->f any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or shall be situate, to superintend the same, and whenever it pear on their own Infp dion to be necessary for the Purpose eoting the further Decay and Injury of the same, to order mediate Repairs or Amendments to be done to the same or Part thereof; but it shall and may be lawful for any Two iftices so to be appointed as aforesaid, and any Two such are hereby empowered by a written Order signed by their respectively, to order such immediate Repairs to be done 1 Person or Persons as to them shall seem ifit and proper: d, that in no case the Sum to be expended by them in such; shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and further, that ppointroents of such Justices as aforesaid shall remain in force oe 'Week after the following Easter Sessions respectively; and case of the Death of, or Removal of, or Refusal to ad by any i ft ice or Justices so appointed as aforesaid, the said Court of 1 Quarter Sessions or Great Sessions may at any other of the Quarterly Sessions appoint any other Justice or Justices to the Remainder of the then Current Year, in the Place of any dice or Justices so dying, removing or refusing to act as id.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That i and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any

f. City, Riding, Division, Town Coirooratr or Liberty, at eneral Quarter Sessions or Great Sessions which shall next after such Repairs so ordered to be made by such Justices ointed as aforesaid shall be completed, or the greater Part of then and there assembled, to order the Payment of such Sum s of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, as shall be sufficient T for such Repairs, to be made out of the County Rate to rerfoo of Persons who shall have so repaired the same by such Order

Quarter Sessions

may appoint Justices toiuper-intend Repairv

Expenditure. Justices to remain in Office for One Year.

Quarter Seffiqnt to order Payment for Repairs.

tfo4

C. no.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

at Sefficnis nuy appoint Two Justicei before Kafter Sessions.

Order of such Justices as aforesaid, although no Preferment shall have been made by any Grand Jury at the Assize, Great Seftnosor General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty in which such Repair* M have been done, of the Want of such Reparation, as by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King Geor<t the Certificate fipned Second, above recited, was directed: Provided nevertheless, thit by One Justici. before such Payment he ordered to be made as aforesaid, a Certife-cate be returned to such JuRices of the Peace so assembled at fiidi lad mentioned Sessions, signed by Two at the lead of such Justiers so appointed as aforesaid, who shall have so ordered such Repain as aforesaid, llating the Nature of such Repairs, and the Defects, Damage or Injuries, which they had so ordered to be repaired, awl their Reason for so ordering such immediate Repairs as aforesaid: Provided also, that such Ju 11 ices of the Peace, so assembled as hk aforesaid, be satisfied by the Parties concerned, that the Cuarge* made by them for such Repairs are reasonable and just.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any Coo&tv, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at any General Quarter Sefiious or Great Sessions respectively to be hoWeoia any such County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, before the General or Great Sessions which shall be hoJdm in such County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, in the Week after the Clause of Easter next after the fail First Day of July, or the greater Part of them then and there afitas* bled, if they shall so think proper, to make such Appointment or Appointments of Justices as they have been hereinbefore by this Act authorised to make at any such Easter Sessions, and such Appointment or Appointments shall be in force until One Week after tk; then next Easter Sessions. s

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case of any sack Appointment or Appointments being made as are herein lastly motioned awl authorised by this Act, all the Provisions, Rules, Rrgo- lation6, Powers, Directions and Authorities of this Act, which are applicable in case of any Appointment or Appointments being mad* at any such Easter Sessions, shall apply in the same manner and in erett respect whatsoever, in case of any such Appointment or Appointment* being made, as are hereby authorised at any such Sessions as shall be held before the Easter Sessions which shall be held next after the aod First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

J.i liccs miv V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, control for Re* from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred pair erf Bridge*. and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions respectively, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, if they shall think proper and convenient, to coutradt and agree with the Commissioner or Commissiosiers, Trustee or Trustees, of any Turnpike Road within the said County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, or with their Surveyor or Clerk, or with both their Surveyor a&d Clerk, or with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway of any Parish, Place or Tything within the said County, City, Ridufi

Diviho*,

Provisions of P-rtter Appointment to apply.

A.D. 1812.

C.iio, hi.

52 GEO. III.

6o$

Division, Town Corporate or Liberty respectively, or with any jtber Person or Persons, for the maintaining and keeping in Repair,

Roads over any County Bridges, and of i'o much of the Roads >at

he Ending thereof as by Law is to be repaired at the Expence of

icy such County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Li-

>erty, or any Part of the same, for any Term not exceeding Seven

Fears, nor less than One, although no Preferment shall have been

made as diverted by the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of Hia 11 a, c* a?*

ate Majesty King George the Second, of the Insufficiency, Incon- 3*

reniency, Decay or Want of Repair of the same; subject however

oall the Rules, Restrictions, Regulations, Directions and Condi-

ions, required by the above recited Act in case where the same shall

live been presented or directed by that Act.

CAP. CXI.

In Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven: Be it therefore enacted y the King's Mon Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Went of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in his present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every bounty, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular lilitia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War or the time being is hereby authorised and empowered, and required ocause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is o say, for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at be Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Act-Jtant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for aeh Quarter Mailer, where the Establishment of the Regiment,

Uttalion or Corps to which he is appointed shall exceed Three bun-red and sixty private Men; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a )ay to such Quarter Master, where the Establishment (had not xcetrd that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and ix pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is ppointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day or each Corporal so resident as aforesaid, mil at the Rate of One shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident avaforesaid; with the ydition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum dajor is appointed; and also at the Rate of Three pence per Man or each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent.

Sxpences of each Regiment. Battalion or Corps 5 and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia

for

Secretary at War to issue Sum necessary for Pay of Regular and Local Militia, and for Clothing.

6o 6

C. in.

A.D. 1812.

50 G. 3-c-iJ-

Rites of Pay to Serjeants, &c. when absent on Furlough.

Allowance to

Surgeons.

Allowance to Adjutants in Regulnr and Local Militia, who from Age And Infirmity,

52 GEO. IK.

for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One Penny for each Corporal, Four Pounds and Ten pence for each Drum Major, Three Poooodi and Ten pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Sti-lings and Seven pence for each private Man; and that such Serjoit Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, wi may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters shall be clothed Once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the Regular Eda-bliffiment of the permanent Staff thereof as may be serving on reduced Pay, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Adirtktit* to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that when any Ser jeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Abfeoct, receive Pay at the following Rates instead of those above mentioned; that is to say, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, evert Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be -lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Mika when disembodied, a Sum of Money in Addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for ev^ry One hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the Sick Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and ta the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence for every Day's Training for the same Purpose, as also to the Surgeon of Regular Militia when disembodied, and to the Surgeon of Local Militia respectively, an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalwa or Corps on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissioned 05-cers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise. y

IX. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in the

Regular or Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered

incapable of doing the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that someProvision should be made for them in Consideration of their former

Services Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regnlar Forces or in the Regular or Local Milkia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served a an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, shall by Age or Jnfinnirr

iSii. 52 GEO. III. C.hi, i 12, 113.

lered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the er General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place ch such Regular or Local Militia shall belong if in England, the Receiver General for Scotland if in Scotland, a Certificate n Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding^of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be 1 to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively and they are hereby authorised and required to pay to such producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person r entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have for a less Term than Fifteen Years as au Adjutant of Regular 'a I Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental talion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular: al Militia: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose ight he may have to Half Pay, by reason of receiving such ince as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as such Allowance.

A39 except the Clauses above inserted$ and also except $3. in r. 3 - c. 107. which it omitted in this is similar to 516. 3. 7-H

CAP. CXII.

for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March e thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for Icing Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of said Militia during Peace.

[9th July 1812.]

A39 except the Dates, is in all respeSs similar to 51 G, 3. r.90.]

CAP. CXIII.

for raising the Sum of One million two hundred and teen thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen filings and Four pence Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills,

the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight ndred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

ish Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear In-eft. $ 1. Bills issued not to exceed 1, 216, 6661. 13s. 41I. Bills lot paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ire-idy after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest ill cease. $ 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irish Consolidated rod. $ 4* Said Bills to be chargeable thereon. 5. Bank of tland empowered to advance the Sum of 1, 216, 6661. 13s. 4CL f the Credit of this Act. 6.

607

are unfit to serve.

Allowance not to affelt Half Pay.

C. 114, X15.

A.D. 1812.

6o&

S2 GEO. III.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

of Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed by t 48 G. 3. c. 1.  f 1. Clauses, &c. in recited Act relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Act. 2. But not to iffoe Ex-4' chequer Bills on the Credit of 51 G. 3. c. 2. in any other mina^r u than they are authorised by that Ad, &c. $ 3. Intered of $^4. 44 per Cent, per Diem. 4. Exchequer Bills may at the Expirauwi u of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the Rere- nue. $ 5. Batik of England authorised to advance 6, oooo, cooL u on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. "  - 6.

sc G. V c. 95.

repealed.

51 G. 3.C 66.

 b 3-

7.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of DubTin to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses and Lights round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make more effectual Provisos

for the ereditig, repairing and maintaining of Light House>

and Lights round the Coaits of Ireland: May it therefore pkale Your Majesty that it may been acted 5 and be it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from asd after the Commencement of this Act, an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to ereS, repair and maintain Light Houses round the Coajls of Ireland, andh raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except only as to any Matters and Things bad or done under or by virtue of the same at any time before the Commencement of this Act; and that so much and such Parts of an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual fever a I Acts for promotay the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more cost modious; and for ere ding y repairing and maintaining Light Hovfei round the Coast of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Chsq? thereof shall be repealed, as impose any Rates or Duties on any Ship or Vessel passing any Light House or Light Houses ou the Ccafl of Ireland; or on any Ship or Vessel passing a Floating Light ou ti* Kish Bank, on the South Side of Dublin Bay; and also so much and such Parts of the lait recited Act as impose any Rates or Duties upon any Entry inwards or outwards of any Ship or Vessel made in any Port of Ireland, or on any Entry, Cocket or Warrant, in anr such Port for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize; and abb

k

A.D. 1812.

5 2a GEO. III. C. x 15. 60f

o moch and such Parts of the said lull recited Act, whereby the Collection or Application of the said several Duties is directed and ppropriated, or whereby any of the tlates, Duties or Charge# granted iv the said Act in respect of Ballad, or the additional Duties by the aid Ad imposed in respect of the Tonnage of Ships coming into the larbour of Dublin, or either of them, are directed to be applied towards erecting a Eight on the Kish Bank aforesaid, or a Light House >n the Hill of HorJutb; and so much and such Parts of the said ill recited Act as are herein mentioned, are hereby repealed ac- repealed, 'ordingly.

II. And, for the making Provision for defraying the Expence of Duties paid to lurehafing Ground for and for building new Light Houses, and for Corporation for firing, fitting up, completing and keeping in Repair the several defraying

-iglu Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons and Sea darks, which have been or may be erected and built, or placed round^X u^he Coalts of Ireland, be it further enacted, That, from and after the, 'ommencement of this Act, there shall be payable and paid to the aid Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin,

y the Owners or Mailers of every Ship or decked Vessel which shall afc any Light House or Floating Light on the Coalls of Ireland, be Sums, Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

or every British or Irish Ship or decked Vessel navigated according to Law, which shall pass any such Light House or Floating Light, for and in respect of every Light House or Floating Light which such Ship or Vessel shall pass, and for and in respect of every time of passing any and every such Light House or Floating Light, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall he outward or homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage, or failing Coastwise, the Sum of One Farthing, British Currency, for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, for and in respect of every such Light House or Floating Light, and every time of pilling the same

Ind for every Foreign Ship or decked Vessel passing as aforesaid, the Sum of One Halfpenny, British Currency, for every Ton Burthen, for and in respect of every such Light House or Floating Light, and every time of passing the same.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not Exemp ipn* xteud to charge with the Rates or Duties hereby imposed on the

tonnage of Ships and Vessels any of His Majesty's Ships of War, nor ny Ships or Vessels whatever being the Property of His Majesty, lis Heirs or Successors, or of the Royal Family; nor any Fishing refills. Smacks or Boats; and that all Coalling Vessels failing in Bal-ill only from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, shall pay nlyOnc Half of the said Rates and Duties; any thing hereinbefore sentioned and contained to the contrary not with Handing.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Light- Notice given doufc or Floating Light which shall not at the time of the palung when I/ijht if this Act be completed in such manner as to have the Lights or Houses com-Signals put up therein, shall at any time after the palTing of this Act Plete"*

built or repaired, placed or erected 011 or near any Parts of the Coalls of Ireland, then and in such case a Notice gf the time when such Light House or Floating Light has been or will be completed so as to have Lights or Signals put up therein, shall be given by 'he said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin,

Three

61 o

A.D. 1812.

C115.

5 a GEO. III.

Duties paid on Entries inwards and outwards.

Li&ht House Duties and Duties on En-tiies paid to Collector of (Attorns, Sec,

Three several times in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and the Duties by this Act granted on the Tonnage of Ships or Vessek passing any such Light House or Floating Light shall not commence or be payable until after the time mentioned in such Notice, nor unless such Lights or Signals shall be put up in such Light House or Halting Light at the time mentioned in such Notice.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Ccev mencement of this Act, there shall be payable and paid to the ia?i Corporation for preserving and improving of the Port of DuUin, \h Rates and Duties following j that is to say, upon every Entry is-wards and on every Entry outwards of any Ship or Vessel made in any Port of Ireland, and upon every Entry, Cocket or Warrant is any such Port for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandise ia-wards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, where the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of Six petet; and where such Value shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, tae Sum of Two Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act granted on Ships or Vessels passing any Light House or Floating Light on the Coast of Ireland, shall be paid to and collrdnl by the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the i'eversl Ports of Ireland and Great Britain respectively, in such Port of the United Kingdom into which any Ship or Vessel passing any such Light House or Floating Light shall arrive next after the paffiaget such Light House or Floating Light respectively; and that the Duty by this Act imposed on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant in any Port in Ireland, shall be levied, collected and received by the Collector or other Chief Officer of Customs in every such Port; ini that the Collegers of His Majesty's Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters and all other Officers of the Customs whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of the United Kingdom, shall not, after the Commencement of the Duties by this Act granted, take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Dischargcor Clearance, or take any Report outwards for any Ship or Vessel liable or subject to the said Duties, until all the said Duties shall be paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act to the respective Collectors of Customs in such Port, nor until the Master or Owner of any i'hip or Vessel subject to the Payment of the said Duties shall shew and produce a Receipt for all such Duties accordingly to the Office: required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Discharge, Clearance or Keport outwards aforesaid; and that the fa; d Dutie? shall from time to time be accounted for by the said Collector* of Customs respectively, and shall be by such Collectors paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland for the Use of tl? said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, ri shall be issued from time to time by the said Commissioners fur executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland to the Corporation under the Authority of this Act, and the said Duties when so paid over to the said Corporation shall by the said Corporation be applied to the Purposes of this Act; that is to say, to cred, establish, maintain and repair Light Houses, Light Ships, Fluatmj Lights, Beacons and Sea Marks on or near the Coasts of I rear I

11 VII.

A.D. 1812. 2 GEO. III. C. 115. 6tt

VII. Provided alwayO, and be it enacted, That the Whole of the Ballast, &c dditional Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty fird Duty Entcdbf ear aforesaid in respect of Ballad delivered or taken on board Ships, s 4*5 levied as id of the additional Tonnage on Ships coming into the Harbour of ther Duti. Dublin granted by the said Act, shall be collected and levied in like lanner and under the like Powers as other Duties of the like nature -ay by Law be collected and levied by the said Corporation, and tie Produce thereof applied towards the increased Expence of raising nd procuring Ballad, and to the Improvement of the Port and Har-our of Dublin.

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 4G.1.00 C. 7. George the Fird, for the Purpose, among other things, of vesting in His Majesty the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments wherever Light Houses were or should be built, Powers were given to certain Commissioners to be appointed under the said Act with respect to the building or repairing of Light Houses in Ireland: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue, 7 3- (!)*

amend and make more effectual the said recited Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fird, the Commissioners for Barracks in Ireland were empowered to carry into Execution the Powers of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fird, with respect to Light Houses: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 36 G. 3. (I.) intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's c*

Revenue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, to ered Light Houses round the Coajls of this Kingdom, and to levy a Ton

Mge Duty on all Shipping, certain Provisions were made for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 46 G. 3.0.106. An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Adsf Mat-ten and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Gufiomt and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to Ireland, certain Powers were vested in the said Commissioners of wultoms and Port Duties, to enable them to purchase Lands and Tenements for building Light Houses: And whereas it is ex- 75>7^.dient that the Management of the Funds for eresting, repairing md maintaining the Light Houses round the Coasts of Ireland, uid all Powers and Authorities relating to such Light Houses, hould remain and be veded in the said Corporation for preserving ind improving the Port of Dublin; Be it therefore enacted, That Powers for erect-and every the Powers and Authorities which, in and by the said Houses

ronbefore last recited Acts or any of them, or by any Act or Acts fx/rcife/b*1 f amending or continuing the same, or any of them, or in and by Corporation for kother Act or Acts in force in Ireland, were at any time veded in improving Port nerdfed by the said Commissioners of Barracks, or by the Com- of Dublin, friers of Revenue, or by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Ifees, with respect to the eresting, building, rebuilding, repairing I toarataimng of any Light House or Light Houses on or round iCoaft of Ireland, and the Receipt and Management of all Light joule Dues and other Duties and Fuuds at any time payable or ^uprated in Ireland, for or in respect of the Erection, Repair or I 52 Gko. III. R r Main-

1 by

6iz

joO.> c. 95.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Corporation to build and keep m Repair such Light Houses m shall be deemed neceflaty.

Notice given to the Trinity House when any new Light House is intended,

Maintenance of Light Houses, and which by the said beronWre recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present MajestyU Reign wm veiled in and given to the said Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin, shall be and remain vested in the fod Corporation, and shall be and continue to be had, used and exoriti by the said Corporation as fully and effectually for the Purpabs of this Act to all Intents and Purposes as if all such Powers and AotW-rities were herein specially repeated and re-enacted, subject to the Fa* visions and Regulations in this Act contained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lavfol for the said Corporation for preferring and improving the Poit of Dublin from time to time to repair and maintain all and any Light House and Light Houses, and all and every of the Beaeons, Light Ships and Floating Lights, Marks and Signs for the Sea, ftaadog or being in any Plrce or Places on or round or near the Coat of Ireland; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Led Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, and by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing tk Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and the fod Corporation are hereby empowered, with such Consent and Approbation, from time to time to build, ered, repair, maintain or ask or procure to be built, erected, repaired and maintained, any new or other Light House or Light Houses in any Place or Places <* or round or near the CoaRs of Ireland, and also to alter the Light or Lights in any e&iRing Light House or Light Houses, and to make, ered, set up, and place such and so many new or other Light Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beaeons, Marks and Sgw for the Sea, in such Place and rlaces of the Sea Shores and Uplands near the Sea CoaRs of Ireland, or Forelands of the Sea, or eUewkoet for Sea Marks, as to them shall seem moR meet, needful and reqaifo whereby the Dangers may be avoided and escaped, and Ships tk better come into their Ports without Peril; and all fudi Ligj Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons and Sea Marks build, ered, place, repair and maintain at such Places and in foe manner and of such ConRrudions and Dimensions as shall appa to the said Corporation to be expedient: Provided always, tb whenever the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Fa of Dublin, shall think it expedient to ered any new Light Host Beacon or Sea Mark, or to alter any existing Light House or L^gh Houses, or to ered or set up indead thereof any new or other Lift or Lights, Beacons or Sea Marks on any of the said CoaRs, the m Corporation shall make a Communication in Writing of such thd Intention to the MaRer, Wardens and Assistants of the GuiUi Ft teniity or Brotherhood of the MoR Glorious and Undivided Ti and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Stroud, in the Coni of Kent, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England monly called The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford3* and in such Communication the said Corporation for prebwng improving the Port of Dublin shall Rate or cause to be liMl the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Slrond the m posed Place, .'Situation and Sdte of every such Light Hook, 9* con or Sea Mask, with the Reasona, Grounds and Motbahr

tk

*an>

5a0 GEO. III. C.) i. 6*3

thereof, and the Nature and Kind of the Ljght oc s prpgpfed pr intended to be used and exhibited therein, with tewfed Constru^ion thereof, and also the Situation of any a or other Sea Marks which the said Corporation for improving pf$ of Dublin shall deem requisite to be erected or set up, t<&

with all such other Particulars as shall or may be necelfery ibh the hud Corporation of Trinity House to judge and line thereon; and shall also, upon the Requisition of the said ratio# of Trinity House, furnish and give to them all fuph r nfid other Information touching the same, or in relation there-yell in Writing as otherwise, as the said Corporation of Trinity shall or may require; and upon any such Communication, or the said Corporation of Trinity House shall at any other time, my Occasion think it requisite and proper so to do as herein-mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation lity House within Six Calendar Months after the Receipt of ommunication, or at such other times as they shall think (it, to: to the said Corporation for preferring and improving the Port dim, any Alterations, Improvements or Amendments, either in 1 to the Scite and Situation of any such Light House, Beacon Mark, or of the Plan or Construction thereof, or the Light his fee up and used, or to be set up, used and exhibited therein Purpose of rendering and making the same of the fulled and practicable Use and Benefit to Navigation, and in order thate may thereby be and become perfectly and completely distiu-le from any of the Light Houses on any Parts of the Coa&s land* Wales or Scotland, and moreover to make and give all or: h other Suggestions rtfpeding any such Light House, Beacon Mark as to the said Corporation of Trinity House shall seem and necessary; and the same, if approved by the said Comers for improving the Port of Dublin, subject nevertheless to wers herein given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief for, and to the Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners for ng; the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland in that Beall be binding and conclusive, and shall in all respects, subject esaid, be conformed to and carried into Execution: Provided If TrinityMoofe that if the said Corporation of Trinity House shall not, within d? not 1* x Calendar Months after any such Communication to be made ^adeninay 1 as aforesaid, make or propose any such Suggestions as 3fore- pr^eed.*the said Corporation for preferwig and improving the Port (in, then and in such case the same shall be considered and taken ipproved of or acquiesced in and by the said Corporation of House; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the jrporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to proceed trecting and building of any such new Light House or Light l Beacons or Sea Marks, or in the altering any existing Light, cait may be, according to such Plan and Communication as une been made to the said Corporation of Trinity House as id: Proridedalso, that from time to time, and at all times, and Suggestion* of Occasion whenever the said Corporation of Trinity House j*, c !.,

fta or think k requisite to make and communicate any Sug- LoidLeuwaans. MW. JLepnefentation whatever to the said Corporation for im-East Dublin, on the Subject of or in relation to any R r 2 new

6u

C-iij.

ja- GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Powers of a6 G 3. (I.) c. 19. See. applied u> Ad.

new Light House or Light Houses, Beacons or Sea Marks, or 00 the Subject of or in relation to any of the exiting Light Houses, Beacons or Marks for the Sea on or near the Coasts of Irelandt or toward^the Improvement thereof, or for rendering the same more effectual for the Safety of His Majesty's Ships, or of those engaged ia Commerce or in His Majesty's Service, or shall transmit any Coo-plaint which shall or may at any time be made to the said Corporate of Trinity House, in relation to the Insufficiency or Defediveoefs of any of the said Lights, Beacons or Marks for the Sea, then the d Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin flail without Delay transmit a Copy of every such Suggestion, Communication, Representation or Complaint to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and also to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and also to and for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the fad Office, or any Three of them, to make and give such Orden ad Directions to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, with respect to any such Suggefscions, Communications and Representations or Complaints, and in relation to the Matters and Things therein contained or referred to, as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners aforesaid, or any Three of the*, shall seem fitting and expedient; and the said Corporation for pie-serving and improving the Port of Dublin shall in all things confer to and obey all such Orders and Directions as last mentioned, and shall proceed and ad therein accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Pron&on contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for ft> mating the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour mm commodious, whereby the said Corporation for preserving and in-proving the Port of Dublin is empowered or authorised to porctak and acquire any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purpoki of the said recited Act, and all and every Act and Acts for ameidsf the said Act, in respect to the Matters and Things aforesaid, and a5 Powers and Provisions of any of the said Acts, or any other Act ocj Acts whereby the said Corporation is required to account to the C missioners of Imprest Accounts, or to the Commissioners for and the Public Accounts of Ireland, for the Disposal of the Funds a their Management, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, I far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, as fully to effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same wet repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

'XL And whereas by several Acts made in the Parliament of Great Britain, and by divers Charters and Grants of the Down,

' certain Tonnage Rates, Tolls and Duties are made payable toi the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stmd far!

4 Ships or Vessels passing certain Light Houses on the Coasts off Great Britain, and it frequently happens that Ships or Vessel after passing such Light Houses do not come into any Fort a J ? Great Britain, but arrive in the Ports of Inland^ audit is expedr* J

.. 1

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 115. 615

to make effectual Provision for the Collection of the said Duties

in the Ports of*Ireland on such Ships or Vessels, in respect of such Light Houses Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after CollefTionof

the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Duties payable

Collector or other Chief Officer of Ctistoms in any Port in Ireland to Corporation

into which any Ship or Vessel shall arrive after passing any Light House provided

House or Light Houses on the Coast of Great Britain, in respetf for. P

of which any Rate, Toll or Duty is payable for such Ship or Vessel

to the said Corporation of Trinity House, and every such Collector or other Head Officer is hereby authorised, empowered and required,

to collect and receive such Rates, Tolls and Duties as shall be due

for such Ship or Vessel, in ref; e& of any such Light House or Light

Houses, according to such Table or Tables and other Directions as

shall and may be transmitted by the said Corporation of Trinity

House, to all or any such Collectors or other Officers in all or any

of the Ports of Ireland; and that the Collators of His Majesty's

Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers,

Waiters and all other Officers of the Customs whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of Ireland where such Ships or Vessels shall so arrive, shall not, after the time hereinbefore appointed for the Commencement of this Act, take or receive any Entry or Cocket or other Discharge or Clearance, or permit any Goods or Stores to be laid on Land, or discharged or shipped out of, from or on any such Ships or Vessels, or take any Report outwards for any such Ship or Vessel so liable or fubied to the said Duties, until all such Rates, Tolls and Duties shall be paid to the respective Cofle&ors of Customs in such Ports respectively, nor until the Matter or Owner, or Person having Charge of the Ship or Vessel subject to the Payment of the said Rates, Tolls or Duties, shall shew and produce a Receipt for all such Rates,

Tolls and Duties accordingly to the Officer required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Discharge, Clearance or Report outwards as aforesaid, and that the said Duties shall from time to time be accounted for by the said Collectors of Customs or Officers re-(pedively, and shall be by such CoUe&ors or Officers respectively from time to time remitted and paid, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Customs of Ireland in the Port of Dublin, and shall from time to time be issued and paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs of Ireland, or his Deputy for the time being, for the Use of the said Corporation of Trinity House to such Person or Persons as the said Corporation shall appoint for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act flrall commence Commencem and take Effect from the Twenty first Day of April One thousand of Act, &c. eight hundred and twelve, so far as relates to the Repeal of the several Duties in respect of Light Houses under the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year aforesaid and also so far as relates to the Payment of the several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed and made payable on Ships or Vessels arriving, or which shall have arrived' or shall arrive in any Port or Harbour in the United Kingdom at any time after the said Twenty first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 and that in case any of the Duties in respect of Light Houses granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year and hereby repealed, shall have been paid or shall be paid to or recdiied by any of the Collectors of Customs in any of the said Ports

at

AsD.tSh.

C. 115, 116, 117.

ji* GEO. ffl.

s* G. 3.C. 38. 38. 44*

at any time after the said Twenty first Day of April One thonfnd eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the bd Cplle&orc, and they are hereby authorised and required, oat of tay Money in their Hands, to repay or allow to the Person or Pedant who shall have paid the said Duties the Amount of Three Forth Parts of such Slim or Sums as they shall have so paid at any time dier the said twenty first Day of April One thousand eight handled and twelve in respect of such Duties, and to retain the other One Forth Part of such Sum or Sums in Satisfaction and Discharge of the Duties payable under this Act; and that as to all other Matters and Things in this Act contained, the same shall take Effect and be in force immediately after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to arn'enfl an Act of this Session of fcatliament fa amending thb Laws relating to the Local Militia of EngtatL

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Pa-tW liament, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Local Militia of England, it is, amongst other things, enacted tad provided that no Person having paid any Fine for not (erring is the Lopal Militia shall be liable to serve until the Expiration d I'wo Years from the Period of hating paid such Fine: And whereas it is expedient that a similar Exemption from Service should be allowed to Persons who have served personally in tie Local Militia Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lodi Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present ParbuMit Proviso for Per- Ambled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person so..* who have who shall have served personally in the Local Militia, daring the served person llv Period for which he may have been liable to serve, shall be exempted in Local Militia. from being again ballotted and enrolled in the Local Militia for TfO Years from the Expiration of his Period of Service.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for imposing additional Duties of Customfe on cemin Species of Wood, and on Pot and Pearl Allies imported into Great Britain.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Cufaw should be imposed on the Importation into Great firm of certain Species of Wood, and on Pearl and Pot Alhesj* Be k therefore cr.acted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by id with the Adv ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temportl, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bj tit Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Dtyoffy tember One thousand eight hundred and twelve, there shall be iiiird, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majrfy, his Heirs and Success, the several additional Permanent indTn* porary or War Duties of Culioms on Balks, Fir Quarters and Ufa* and on Pot and Pearl Allies, imported into Great Britain, atk same are feterally and respectively mfcvtd^ described tad fa ktb

Additional Duties on Balk, fcc.

A.D. 1t 14.

sa GEO. III.

C.ivj.

617

m Figure* is the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) 5 and that Drawback there (hsH be paid or allowed on the Exportation of such Balks, allowed.

Fir Quarters and Users, the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of CttAama as the fiunt are nrfpedivdy in&rted, described and set forth, lathe said Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

II. And be it further eea&ed. That so much of the said additional Duty paid Duties ef Custems hereby impo&d as fell under the Tkle or De- durinS^w>r fcnripcioo of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payable &Ca

during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Mootns after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby Duty on Balks, imposed on Balk6, Fir Quarters and Users, may be Secured by Bondc# ^cured bY under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Rein of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warcbcufc wtbomt Payment of Duty.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Duty not to ex-herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge ttnd.to Balks, any Balks, Fir Quarters or Users, with the additional Duties hereby ?c* imposed, which mall be imported dirc&ly from any British Colony, Colonies"! Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or which shall be America, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indict, or any Pearl or Pot Aihes, being the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and imported directly from thence.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said act- Duties payable ditional Duties of Customs shall be charged and payable on any Balks, 0, 1 Articles dc* Fir Quarters and Users, and on any Pearl or Pot Allies enumerated or described in the said Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), which baying been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of

any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place where the same shall have been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, notwithstanding such Balks, Fir Quarters, Users or Pot or Petri Aihes may have been imported into Great Britain before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Duties under Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, ^T^lo, crb shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs 01 ms*

in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

VII. And whereas it is expedient, that the Duties on Balks, Fir ' Quarters and Users, imported into Great Britain, being Five Inches squaie or upwards, should be ascertained and collected by Measure and not by Tale % Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after Balks, &c. Five the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and Inches (quwear

feribed in Schedule.

contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Balks, Fir Quarters or Users, on which the Duties are by this Act directed to be charged according to the Measure thereof, and which having R r 4. been

618

A.D. 1812.

C. 117. 52 GEO. III.

been warehoused or otherwise licensed under the Authority of any A A of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken oat of any such Warehouse or.Place for the Purpose of being ufedor coo-fumed in Great Britain after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, all such Balks, Fir Quartmand Users, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber, notwithstanding such Balks, Fir Quarters or Users, may have beea imported into Great Britain on or before the said First Day of Sep tember One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Dutie* of Customs and Drawbacks of Du ies of Customs by this Aftim* posed and allowed, shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, eai-lested, answered, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the Hke manner and by the same means, ways and methods as any Duties of Customs or Drawbacks of Duties of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Poven and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effed u to the said Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually to ill Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-ena&d in this Act,

Application of

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from tame to time

Duties. arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising aid

accounting for the same respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at WefmmjleT, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the 49 G. 3. c. 98. X)uties imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4n for repealing the fevertl Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, anti for granting ether Duties in lieu thereof \ are directed to be appropriated and applied.

In cases of Con-

X. And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of trah Dune Wood, Pearl and Pot Ash prior to the passing of this Act, be it there* dded to pr, CM* fore enacted, That in all cases where any Wood, Pearl and Pot Alb, whereon the respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be chamd, shall be delivered in pursuance of such Contrafts or Sales, it fluff be lawful for the Dealer or Dealers in such Wood, Pearl and Pot Ash delivering the same, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of such Wood, Pearl and Pot Ash, and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid the same accordingly.

Act altered, See,

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be rovd, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in thisprefat Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 117, 118. 619

TABLE to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of additional Duties of Customs payable on certain Species of Wood imported into Great Britain, not being imported directly from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and on Pot and Pearl Ashes not being the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America and imported directly from thence.

Permanent. Temporary or

Duty. Drawback. War Duties.

BALKS, videlicet, under 5 Inches Square imported in /. d.  t. d.  s. d*

a British-built Ship, the 120 not imported in a British-built Ship, 5 14 6 3 16 4 I 18 3

the 120 FIR QUARTERS, videlicet, under 5 Inches Square imported in 5 16 6 3 16 4 I 18 10

a British-built Ship, the 120    not imported in a British-built Ship, 5 14 6 3 4*l8 2

the 120 UFERS, videlicet, under 5 Inches Square imported in 5 16 6 3 16 4 I 18 10

a British-built Ship, the 120 f  not imported in a British-built Ship, 5 H 6 3 16 4 I l8 2

the 120 ASHES, videlicet. 5 16 6 3 16 4 I 18 XO

Pearl and Pot Ashes the Hundred Weight 036 OOOO 0 12

(See the Act to which this Table is annexed.)

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty frf Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Groin, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain v and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Tear aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash maae from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

[13th July 1812.]

C.n8.

A.D. 1812.

61#

5l# GEO. III.

S % G. 3. 3

I.*

WHEREAS by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled ^5 /o revive and cont'm* aft/ /At 4 Thirty jirfi Day of December One thousand eight hundred mJtvche,

4 so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty,

to prohibit the Difiillation of Spiritt from Com or Grom, it the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain $ and to remit md continue another A3 made in the Forty ninth Tear eforefmd, to Jofpend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Grot

Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Doha a

Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Difilotion from Corn or Grain in Great Britain; it is enacted, dot

until the Fird Day of December One thousand eight hundred ad

twelve, no Person or Persons should be permitted to make Eatry

of any House or Houses, or Place or Places in England for makisg or diddling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Scotland, dot

should any Person or Persons be permitted to make Entry of ay House or Houses or Place or Places in Scotland for making

diddling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to England, (are aoi except such House or Houses or Race or Places as should hut been duly entered and employed or used for making and dicti

Spirits from Corn or Grain for such Exportation from Eogltd to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, as the case might requne,

between the Fird Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred ud eleven and the pafGng of the said recited Act, nor should any Person or Persons be permitted to make in any such entered node

or Houses, Place or Places, or to export a Number of GaDotuot Spirits within the Year from the Commencement of such Entry on the Fird Day of October One thousand eight hundred md eleven, beyond the Quantity which such Person or Persons raid have been entitled to have made from Corn or Grain, and to bare exported from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to EagLni,

as the case might require, if the Distillation from Com or Gnu had not been prohibited, farther than the Excess of Produced Spirits from Sugar Wash above the Produce of Spirits from Con Wash, computing such Produce at and after the Rate of Eightei Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydroswter Proof, for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh made or distilled from Corn during such Portion of the Year as such Dtf- I 4 tiller or Distillers should have been making or distilling from Cora fmce the Fird Day of October One thousand eight hundred tfid eleven, and of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash to be tilled from Sugar during such Period of the present Year of oar Lord as such Distiller or Distillers should continue to make or didil Spirits from Sugar, Bom and after the said Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until the tare at which the annual Entry of such House or Houses or Pkeor Places would have expived; any thing in the said recked Ad or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And whereas the said Provision does in enest redrain such Pdoss in 1 England and Scotland as have been duly entered and employed for

making or diddling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Satlad

and England fespectively, between the said Fird Day of 09tk 14 One thousand eight hundred and twelve and the said First Dirtf

Decoder i

hJD.it ii.

C. ii*.

5a GEO. III. C. nt,

f December Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament arfem->lcd, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons ffhofe House or Houses, Place or Places were duly entered and employed for making and distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain for Exportation as aforesaid, between the First Day of QBober One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and the Seventh Day of />-bruary One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be permitted to continue until the said First Day of December to distil Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scot-f*d to England respectively, as the case may require; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that every such entered Wash Still for such time or times between the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and the First Day of December as the same be Worked, shall be presumed to be charged at the average Rate of not less than Six Times in each Week, and such Wash Still shall not be charged or Worked oftener than Six Times in each Week, on the Average of the Time for which the same is hereby allowed to be worked; and every such Distiller shall produce to the Sight of the proper Officer, and duly export to England or Scotland respectively ts the case may be, Twenty one Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Oue to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Woirt or Wlkfh that shall during such Period have been aduaHy distilled into Spirits; and if any such Distiller shall charge his or her Wash Still oftener than Six Times in each Week, on the Average between the said First Day of QBober and the said First Bay of December, or during such Part of the said Period as the same jfaaU be worked, he shall forfeit and pay for every Working beyond tuch Average at and after the Rate of Twenty Shillings her Galion, computed at the Produce of Twenty one Gallons of spirits at the Strehgth of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which such Wash Still would require to chaise it Four Parts in Five of its Contents; the said Penalties to be recovered and applied in the same manner in which the Fines* Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti tilled An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corit or Gntfity In the United Kingdom, for a limited Time, are directed to be recovered and applied.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Diitihers in England or Scotland respectively shall be allowed to make Entry Or give Notice of his Intention to make or distil any Spirits from Sugkr for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any other time than on the First Day of December in eadi Year; any thing in any former Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That eudh and every Licttice granted or to be granted for the Purpose of distilling Spirits from Bagir, and which shall have been granted between the Eleventh Day bf Pfbrwary last aftd the First Day of December now next ensuing, shall be ddeoted and construed to have taken knd shall take Effect from ibe Day of tkfc Dfcte of ftch Licence or Licences nefyectively,

621

Houses entered for distilling Spirits from Com for Exportation between Oft. f, l8u, and Feb. 7, 181 a, permitted till Dec. 1, 1812, to distil Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, &e. Average Rate t charge of Walk Still

Distiller to produce and export propositionate Quantity of Spirits.

[Penalty.]

49 G. 3. c.y.

Notice of Distil* lation from Sugar for Exportation given 1st Dec. yearly.

Licences for did tilling from Sugar in force from Date thereof till 1st Dec. next.

6l2

Licences to Distilleis in Lowlands of Scotland to take Effect from ill Dec. yearly.

But such Licences vacated or hered on Terms flowed by

4$ G. 3. c. 118.

43 G. 3, c. 153.

IS.

C. 118, 119. 5 29 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

and the same shall enure and be in force from the Date thereof until the said First Day of December; any thing in this or in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithfUfidag.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and aftrt the said First Day of December now next ensuing, every Licence to he granted to any Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland for the making or ditlilling of Spirits from Sugar for Home Cog* fumption, fha commence and take Effect from the First Day of December in each Year and shall be and remain in Force and Effect for and during any Period of time in which, by or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament paffd or to be pafiied, the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited not exceeding the Space of One Year from every such First Day of December: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any licensed Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his, her or their Licenct to be vacated or altered on the Terms and Conditions, and at the use and in such manner as immediately before the passing of an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iuuW An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Ltrainftrs limited Time, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force directed for vacating or altering Licences granted for the making or distilling of Spirits from Corn 01 Grain for Home Consumption 0 the said Lowlands; any thing herein or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to Tepeal so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Turkey, Egypt or the Levant Seas, ifl Foreign Ships.

[13th July m]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to pend, during the Continuance of HoJHltties, and until Six Months after tit

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation jtf?

Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral Vessels, from States in Anti

with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes; mi to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportstion of Copper^ and to permit the Importation, in neutral Pe/ets.fif States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Uoods, Wartsi 4 Merchandize; any Goods or Commodities which before the paling of the said Act had been usually imported from Turkey or Egfc,

or from any Place within the Dominion of the Grand Seignior

within the Levant Seas, may, during the Continuance of HoftuitiB .*and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Trrxy

of Peace, be imported and brought by any Person or Persons thatsoever, into the United Kingdom, from any Port or Place thatsoever, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain

or Ireland % navigated and registered according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity wist His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated with Foreign So- men; And whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the uid b

10 ' 'a

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. t19, 120. 623

as permits the Importation of such Goods and Commodities in Ship* and Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty navigated with Foreign Seamen; Be it therefore enacted iy the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ^onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this >resent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That o much of the said Act as permits Goods or Commodities which >efore the passing thereof had been uftially imported from Turkey or or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seig-nor within the Levant Seas, to be imported in any Ship or Vessel 4

>elonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his ieirs or Successors, navigated with Foreign Seamen, shall from and titer the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and welve be repealed; and such Goods and Commodities, from and repealed, liter the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred md twelve, shall not be imported into any Part of the United King-lom in any other than British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated ind registered according to Law; any thing contained in any Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty by his Order in Council, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieu-y by 9rdef tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council )f Ireland, from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be Goods from11 udged expedient, to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities Turkey, &c.in tod until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of any Ship nsvi-Peace, any Goods or Commodities heretofore usually imported from Mte? W1*h Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the fore, gn s raen> Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, to be imported in any Ship or Vessel whatever navigated with Foreign Seamen, any Law now in force to the contrary not with (landing; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when so imported, shall be liable to all Duties of 1

Customs and Excise, and shall be subject to all Rules, Regulations and Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to explain, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Wives and Widows and Children of Soldiers on Foreign Service often return from Foreign Parts on account of the Death of their Husbands, or from other Causes, and, upon being landed in the Country, are destitute of any means of returning to their respective Homes: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parlament, 

510.3. c. 10*.

intituled An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service to return to their Homes, (houlcf be extended for the Relief of Persons so circumstanced; and that < the find Act should be in other respects amended Be it therefore enacted

604

Wive*, Sec. of Soldiers returning from Abroad, Certificates eiven by Commanding Officer, See. or landing without Certificate, by neared General Officer.

Certificates shewn to Magil-trate, who shall make out Route and give Certificate.

Ciaoi hi. 52' GEO. IQ. A-Hita

enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty and mb th

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Wives, Widows or Children of SoUien employed on Foreign Service shall return to Great Brtiaia, the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Hot-band or Father of any such Woman or Child do or did be!oog, fciB give her a Certificate dating that the Person to whom such Certificate is given is or was the Wife of, and her Child or Children is or an the Child or Children of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, in like Form and Manner as the Certificates gives by Officers commanding Corps to the Wives and Families of Sulfas embarking for Foreign Service under the Direction of the said noted Ad; and if any Women, the Wivts or Widows of Soldirn os Foreign Service, or their Children, shall land at any Place in Gmt Britain without having such Certificates as are enacted by this Act, it shall be lawful for the General Officer commanding at the otzrri Place to that where they shall so land, and he is hereby mjnirtd, upon Application made to him, to give any such Woman applying for it such Certificate as aforesaid, which shall entitle her to the Ah lowance for herself and her Children (if any) granted by this Act; 1 and every such Widow or Wife shall, upon any Certificate granted under this Act> receive such Allowances for herself and Family a are allowed, granted and directed by the said recited Act, upon Certificates granted by Officers commanding Corps, in respect of Wfa and Families of Soldiers embarking for Foreign Service, in like maura as if such Allowances were specially granted by this Act, and as if all the Rules and Regulations for the giving, regulating, paying ud accounting for and returning the same, were specially and paitkuhrij re-enacted in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Widow or Wife of any Soldier to whom any such Certificate shall have been delivered, as is directed by the said recited Act or this Act, shall forthwith take the same to same Justice of the Peace, or Magistratr, who shall make oat; a Route and fill up and sign a Certificate specifying the Placet which such Widow or Wife and Family is going, specifying the Number of Children 5 and it shall be lawful for such Justiceoftke Peace or Magistrate, in lieu and instead of the Rate of Allowance directed by the said recited Act, to direct any such Allowance as k shall deem necessary, not exceeding Three Halfpence per Mile lor each such Woman, and One Penny per Mile for each of her Childrta; any thing in the said recited Act authorising a Rate of Allowanced) the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to authorize the Transfer, to the East Indies, of Debts originally contracted there, on the Pan of the East i*i Company, payable in England ([13th ^uh

WHEREAS fjundry Bills of Exchange have been beirtofoi*

4 tV drawn upon the Court of Dwedors of the Hinted C<mpy ! 4 of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus, hr trail

Sums of Money payable in London* in Discharge of Drhts q*

4 W ite Part ftf the United Cosspapy the M^LLth;

11

D.i8!2;

j^ GEO. III. C. 121} 122.

625

md by Agreement! made in London between the said Court of Direftors and the Persons entitled to the Money secured by such Bills,

he Money so secured has been retransferred to the East Indies, to

>e iovefted by way of Loan to the said United Company, there to

>ear Interest, after an Indian Rate; and it may be convenient that

similar Agreements for the Retransfer to the East Indies of other Sums of Money, payable or to be payable in London, should be made and entered into, and that the Interest which may be to be considered as due at the time of entering into such Agreements should be advanced here; and it is expedient, that all Doubts as to the

Validity of such Agreements and Payments should be removed

: it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

ith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

id Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such Agreements heretofore made or Agreement

rreafterto be made for the Retransfer from London to the Eafi made or to bt

1dies of Sums of Money, to be invested by way of Loan to the said ^nrferVrom

foiled Company in the East Indies, there to bear Interest after an L()n(loll to East

ndtan Rate, and all Obligations and Securities entered into or to be indies of Sums

oteied into for the Payment of any such Sums of Money or Interest of Money valid.

hereof, shall be valid and effectual in Law, according to the true

nfcrot and Meaning thereof, and of the Parties to the same; and no

Won or Persons shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for any

thing done or to be done in consequence of any such Agreement;

any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to remove Doubts as to an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to raising Men for the Service of the East India Company.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the 50 G. 3. c.Sy. 1 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts relating to the roofing Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the quartering and huletting such Men; and to Trials 1 by Regimental Courts Martial: And whereas Doubts have arisen

ss to whether the Provisions of the said Act extend to Ireland; and

k is expedient that such Doubts should be removed May it therefore plcaie Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fsaoe, That the said Act and all the Provisions thereof shall, from Extended to the pafing thereof, extend and be deemed and construed to extend to Ireland, that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and all other the Dominions and Territories of His Majesty; any thing in auy Act or A&i.to the contrary notwithstanding.

C.I23*

Si* GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

ti6

CAP. cxxih.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in trie County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall for the Purpose of building thereon.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince of Walet ii seized in Right of his Duchy of Cornwall of certain Messuages, Erections, Buildings, Lauds, Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate, lying and being in the Parish of Lambeth) is

the County of Surrey, and called or known by the Name of Prime1: 4 Meadows: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and pdfed

<3j G.3.. 78.*in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majvftr, a-

tituled An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prune tf Wales to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands end Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other Purposes therm

 2, 3.'4 mentioned; His said Royal Highness is empowered to make Leaks and Grants of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of his said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, for Three Lives or fewer, or for Thirty one Years or aoder,

or for some Term of Years determinable upon One, Two or Time Lives, and not above, or for any Term of Years not exceeding

Ninety nine Years, for the Purpose of improving the same Premiks,

by erecting substantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpose of ia ' proving Waste Lands by Cultivation or otherwise j and it is by the said Act now in Recital provided that upon all such last mentioned

Leases or Grants improved annual Ground Rents should be reserved, payable to His said Royal Highness, or to such as should have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Duchy; and that

in all such cases of Leases or Grants so to be made for Tens*

exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the ufua) Term deter-

minable upon Three Lives, no Fines or other Consideration should be taken by His said Royal Highness, further or other tkaa the

improved annual Ground Rents lo directed to be referred as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Pit-

49 G. 3. c. cxci.*liament made and passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building a Bridge ever the River Thames, from the Precind of the Savoy, or near therento, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and for making

convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the Cmtj of Surrey, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that certain Per-

ions therein mentioned should be united into a Company, to be called The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, and the ' it should and might he lawful to and for the said Company, ad their Successors, and they were thereby authorised and etnpofoed

to design, direct, order and build, or cause to be built, asd U>

complete, maintain and keep with Stone a Bridge across the had River Thames, from such Part of the Precinct of the Savoy, or9near or adjoining thereunto, in the said County of Middlesex, toik

oppose

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 123.

opposite Shore in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the said County of Surrey, as to the said Company of Proprietors should seem raoft advantageous and convenient, and also to set out and make a Road from the said Bridge to a certain Road leading from the East End of Westminster Bridge to the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Parish of Saint George in the Borough of Southwork, near a certain Place called The Obelisk, in Saint George's Fields in the said Parish of Saint George's Southwark in the said County of Surrey; and also to set out and make another Road from the said Bridge to a certain other Place called Oakley Street in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the said County of Surrey; and also to set out and make another Road from a certain Street called Stamford Street, in the Parish of Christ Church in the said County of 1 Surrey, into the said first mentioned Road, and to continue the same across the said first mentioned Road into a certain Road called The Westminster Road in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in such manner as they the said Proprietors should deem proper and ex*

pcdient; and it was by the said Act now in Recital also enacted,

that the said Company of Proprietors should and might, and they were thereby authorised and empowered to purchase a certain triangular Slip or Piece of Land which (it was thereby Rated) f would intervene between the Bridge Road and the said Estate called 1 Prince's Meadows, and would prevent a general Communication between the said Bridge'Road and the said Estate called Prince's

4 Meadows, and to assign, transfer and set over the same, and every f Part thereof, unto His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain Part and 1 Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, and that His said Royal Highness should and might, and he was thereby authorised and empowered in Consideration of such Assignment and Transfer from the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, to assign,

5 transfer and set over to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all such Land and Ground, Part of the said Estate: called Prince's Meadows aforesaid, as might be required for the

making and constructing of all or any of the said Roads, and which should be mentioned and contained in the Schedule thereunto annexed; and that such mutual Assignment and Transfer should fully and absolutely veil the said Lands 0 assign ed, transferred and set over, in the Parties to whom the same should be respectively assigned, transferred and set over by virtue thereof: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of: His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Royal 5 Highness George Prince o/* Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands: and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth,

1 in the County of Surety, Parcel of His said Royal Highnffs' s Duchy of 1 Cornwall, for the Purbofe of building thereon, after reciting that the; erecting of the said Bridge to be called The Strand Bridge, and the making and constructing of the said Roads, together with the said ! Exchange of Land so authorised as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, would tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, in Connection with all the adjuwiag Property, if Encouragement should be given for the Erection of goodand substantial Dwelling Houses and other Buildings, in jaGxo. III. 4 lieu

627

1.3. c. 6.

<528

C.I2}.

52 GEO. ra.

lieu of the then present Houses, most of which (as vns tar-dated) were conit ru&ed chiefly of Wood, and were in iisa State, then producing, with the Remainder of the said Pnsii, i gross Rental to the then Leffecs of about Three thouW tr* hundred Pound* only per Annum; and also if Encouragerod a^ be given for the Construction of other respectable Buildiogiat?. Line of the said Roads, and for making of other Roads or to1 to communicate with the said first mentioned Roads, all triad t was tlicreby dated) might be effected if His said Royal Risk* was empowered to grant Ltafes of the said Premises npea Terms as might be for the mutual Benefit of His said Royal Hr> ness and his Successors; and also reciting, that the said Prea called Prince9* Meadows contained altogether by AdmeafaraaC Twenty eight Acres, Three Roods and Ten Perches of Im&i k thereabouts, and comprized within the Limits thereof a Rnr 1 Wharfs and Barge Houses, altogether abutting upon the L* ( Thames, to the Extent of One thousand two hundred and her* Feet, or thereabouts, behind which Wharfs and Barge H*a there was a narrow Road or Street called the Narrow WaHy a regular and winding Course whereof precluded several of tku Wharfs from occupying a sufficient Space in Depth from tb: I River, but which (it was thereby (fated) might be remeded, < the Public be more conveniently accommodated by the makion, confirming of another Road or Street across the said Prd calk'd Prince's Meadows, in lieu of and somewhat further rcn from the said River than the said Road or Street called iYr* Wall, in which Road or Street called Narrow Wall (it was^stated) the then Buildings were for the most Part coodnid-Wood, and otherw'ife were of a very inferior Description, asci, of them in a very ruinous State, and that the Remainder of tad Premises then consisted principally of Meadow or PaHurell and Garden Ground, a small Portion only of the said Premiers<* then covered with Buildings; and also further reciting, tlxl said therein and hereinbefore recited Provision against Use taka 1 Fines was not intended to deprive His said Royal Highaeb oil accustomed Benefit of Fines to be received in the ordinary Ca a; granting Renewals, in like manner as such Fines might the* be ceived by His said Royal Highnefe in respect to the said Prra called Prince's Meadows, by confining the future Leases or Gfl thereof to such Terms of Years, as with the existing Tenni tia would not exceed the Period of Thirty one Years, but which Pc*

!it was thereby {fated) was of a Duration too limited to i3 uflficient Encouragement for the erecting of any substanmi IJ 1 ings, whilst the continuing to grant the said Premises for 1 Terms of Years would not only have the Effect of excluding -I from the Improvement whereof they were from Situation fake; - -but might at the same time occasion the said Premises to reta Interruption to any general Plan for the Improvement*Neighbourhood; and after also reciting, that it would Y vifeable, under the circumstances therein and hereinbeforer to make any then immediate I>eases or Grant* of the fad ftc called Prince91 Meadows, for such Term only as with At^lifting Term or Terms therein would fill up the same to the

<1

A.D. 1812.

629

52 GEO. III. C. 123.

' nary Period of Thirty one Years, more especially as the said Premisea could not be made to produce under a Lease or Leases to be granted for such limited Term of Years, a greater Income than the 1 Stun of Four thousand two hundred Pounds yearly, clear of all

Outgoings, whilst (it was therein Hated) under a Lease or Leases

to be granted for extending the Term to Ninety nine Years absolute, 'the Ground might be covered with respectable Houses, and the

dear Income to be derived therefrom might be infcreased to Five

thousand Pounds yearly j And also reciting that fbrafmuchas His said Royal Highness, by granting Building Leases for such an ex* 4 tended Term of Years, would be deprived of the Benefit of such Fine or Fines as might rightfully belong to His said Royal High*

ness, and could be readily obtained by making Reversionaryary Grants of the said Premises, for filling up the then present Terms therein to Thirty one Years, it was therefore by the said Act now in Re-

cital enacted, that immediately from and after the passing thereof it should and might be lawful for His said Royal Highness, and he 1 was thereby authorised and empowered to make Leases and Grants,

or to contract and agree for himself, his Heirs and Successors, to make Leases and Grants of all or any Part or Parcel of the said Premises, with the Appurtenants called Prince's Meadows, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Term or Terms of Years as

with the Term or Terms then in being under any then exiilirrg Lease or Leases should not altogether exceed the Term of Ninety nine Years from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, or from the Date of any such Contracts or Agreements to be made as thereinbefore was mentioned, at and under such improved yearly Rent or Reots, (in Addition to the yearly Rent or Rents then reserved as aforesaid) to commence and become payable to His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors, from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Years from the Date of aijy such Leases or Grants,

4 Contracts or Agreements respectively, as should not in the whole Amount of such Rent or Rents be less than the clear Sum of Five thousand Pounds yearly; and that in all cases of such extended

Leases or Grants, Contracts or Agreements, so to be made as there*

inbefore was mentioned, of all or any Part or Parcel of the said Premises with the Appurtenants called Prince's Meadows, it should9 and might be lawful for His said Royal Highness, and he was

thereby empowered to take and receive such Sum or Sums of

Money in the way of Fine or Fines, as might be a fair and reason*

1 able Consideration for such Portion of the said extended Term or 1 Terms of Years so to be granted or contracted for as aforesaid, as 1 with the Term or Terms then in being would in the ordinary Courfie 1 of granting Renewals within the said Duchy, have made up the 1 Term of Thirty one Years only from the Date of such Leases or'Grants, Contracts or Agreements: And whereas in pursuance of the Power or Authority for that Purpose, contained in the lastly hereinbefore recited Act, His said Royal Highness hath entered into aContrad for the granting of One Lease or several Leases of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, under several yearly 1 Rests, amounting altogether to the annual Sum of Seventy six pounds, until the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty one, and thenceforth amounting to the annual Sum of Five thousand and fevcoty six Pounds, and for several Terms of

S f 2*Years

A.D. 1812.

630

GontrndSj&c. entered into for Improvements varied, &c. and new Contrails, &e. entered into for effect ing general Arrangement of building on Premises.

Contra As nnd

Agreements

valid.

C. 123. 52 GEO. III.

Years in the said Contract mentioned, of the Parcel* fffpcetmJyv ' being Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years: And whereas it is expedient, in order to the more effectual and penn*-

nent Improvement of the said Premises, and for the Purpsk of

better effectuating the general Plan of building thereon, that attitional and more enlarged Powers fhonkl be given to His find Royi Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excels* Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirited and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affcrableik and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be hvfoi to and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, (subjedand without Prejudice to any existing Contract or Agreement as far as the same shall then be in force, and as far as the same shall not be waived or abandoned} from time to time and at all times after the passing of this Act, and be and they is and are hereby empowered to alter and vary all or soy Part of any Con trad or Agreement already entered into by His hid Royal Highness as hereinbefore is mentioned, or, if Occasion fitaB require, absolutely to annul any such Contract or Agreement, !*! t& enter into any new Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, and again from time to time to vary or annul such new or renewed Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, and thereupon bos time to time to enter into any further or other Contract or Contract*, Agreement or Agreements, for the Purpose of better effectuating tk general Arrangement of building on the said Premises, and aho from time to time to make new Allotments of the Hereditaments so rr-spectively covenacted to be demised, and new Apportionments of the Rent or Rents thereby respectively intended to be reserved; but so that no such new Contract or renewed Contract, Alteration or Variation, shall diminish the total Amount of the Rent or Rent*by such original Contract or Agreement intended to be referred, or extend the Term or Number of Years thereby originally covenacted te be granted, and so that if previously to any such Alteration, Varistioa or Annulment as aforesaid, any actual Demise or Lease should hart been made of any Part or Parts of the said Premises called Pmce'i Meadows, no such Alteration or Variation or Avoidance shall ia any manner affect the Allotment of the Premises included in any such actual Demise or Lease, or the Apportionment of Rent thereby actually reserved.

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That such Contract ct Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, so altered, varied or reaewed as hereinbefore is mentioned, mall to all Intents, Effects, Cooftrecber* and Purposes, be as good, binding, valid and effedoal at Law indie Equity as if such altered, varied or renewed Contract or Contrary Agreement or Agreements, had been originally entered into by H: > said Royal Highness under and by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majetfr, rd the Power therein for that Purpose contained; and that n ftaJl or may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, or his Heirs or Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, to accept a Surrender of any Lease or Leases granted or to be granted by nttue of the said recited Act of Parliament passed in the Fiftieth Year of tk Reign of His present Majesty* or of this Act, add also in beu offset

Lo

A.D. 1812.

631

52Geo. ni.

c. 123.

Lease or Leases, or on the Forfeiture of any such Lease or Leases, to make any other Lease or Leases, or Contract or Contracts for a Lease or Leases which might have been granted or made under or by virtue of the said recited Act of Parliament passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, so as no such new or other Lease or Leases, or Con trad or Con t rads for Lease or Leases, shall be for any further Period than the Residue of he Term; granted, or agreed to be granted by such former J^ease or Leases, as shall be so surrendered or forfeited, and so as a Rent, or Several apportioned Rents, not less than the Rents to be referred by such former Lease or Leases, shall be referred, and so as no Fine or Premium shall be for any new Lease or Leases to be so granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and he and they is and are heveby empowered, by One or more Indenture or Indentures, to demise and lease the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, either in One Lease or by several Leases, and either unto the Person or Persons who hath or have already contracted to take the same as hereinbefore is mentioned, or unto such other Person or Persons as such intended Lessee or Lessees, his, her or their Executors, Administratots or Assigns, shall for that Purpose from time to time nominate and appoint, for and during all or any Part of the Remainder of the Terms specified in such original Contract or Agreement in such Allotments, and under and subject to such Apportionments of the said Two several annual Sums of Seventy six Pounds, and Five thousand and seventy six Pounds, as shall for that Purpose, by fqme Writing under the Hand or Hands of such intended Lessee or Lessees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, be from time to time specified and required.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every such Lessee or Lessees of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, or any Part thereof, to whom any Demise or Grant shall be made in such manner as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be to all Effects, Intents, Constructions and Purpose*, as original Lessee or Lessees of the Premises so to him or them respectively demised or leased; nor shall such Lessee or Lessees, or his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or the Premises to be comprised in any such respective Demise or Lease, be charged with or subject or liable to the Payment of any greater Portion or Share of the said Two several annual Sums of Seventy six Pounds and Five thousand and seventy six Pounds, than shall for that Purpose be expressedand specified in any such Demise or Lease; nor mail the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements to be inserted in any Lease affect the Parcels to be comprized in or demised by any other Lease or Leases; nor shall the Rent to be reserved by any Lease be less than Forty Shillings a Year, but any Departure from these Restrictions in any One or more of the said Leases shall affect the Validity of the Lease or Leases only in which the Powers hereby given shall not be duly observed, and shall not affect the Validity of any other Lease or Leases, or Contract or Contracts, to be made or granted under or by virtue of and pursuant to the Power of leafing contained in this Act and in the said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, andia each or either of themj nor shall any such Lessee or Lessees

S f 3 whose

Lease* granted of Prince's Meadows.

Conditions of Leases.

C. 123.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Leases and Contracts inrolled.

Any Part of Premises fct ajwrt for Roads, Ac.

Sewers and Drains m^dr.

whose Lease or Leases shall be made in Conformity wkb the said Powers, be obliged to enquire whether the full Amount of die Original Rent or Rents hath been reserved or contracted and agreed to be reserved 5 nor shall the Lease or Leases to fcch Lessee or Le& fees be affected by any Omission to reserve or make up the full Anxwnt of the said Rent of Seventy six Pounds, or Five thousand and fereoty six Pounds, as the case shall require, from other Lessees.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Lease hereafter to be granted as hereinbefore is mentioned, and every such altered, varied or renewed Contract Jas aforesaid, shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor for the time being, of the said Duchy of Cornwall; and until such Enrolment as aforesaid, the Lease or Contract so to be granted or altered, varied or renewed as aforesaid, shall not be allowed as Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it (kail and may bebwfbl to and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successorc for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and be and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and empowered from time to time, with the Advice of His and their Council or Commissioners of Revenue for the time being, at the Request or with the Consent of the Lessee or Lessees, or intended Lessee or Lessees of the same Premise* respectively, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Affigrn* who may be interested in the Land or Ground to be so appropriated or set apart, to cause to be appropriated and fct apart any Part of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, as and for a Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Square or Squares, Passage or Passages, or other open Place or open Places, for the Improvement of the said Premises called Prituds Meadows, or any Part thereof, and to cause the same to be (hut up, altered, or others made, as he or they shall deem expedient, but so as no Road or Way (haQ be (topped up until another Road or Way equally convenient to the Public, as far as the Public shall have just Right of Road or Way, shall be formed and appropriated for the public Use, and so as the Right of Soil of and in the said Roads, Ways, Streets, Squares, Pif. sages and other open Places, may for ever be and remain, and form Part of the Inheritance and Estate of the said Duchy of Cornwall; subject nevertheless to the Lease or Leases which shall or may hare been granted thereof, and to the Easements, Rights and Privileges, which shall or may have been granted to the Lessee or Lessees respectively, and to his, her or their Executors, Administrators or

Assign8.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfolto and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and empowered with such Advice and Consect, or at such Request as hereinbefore is mentioned, from time to time to cause such and so many Sewers, Drains and Vaults, as he or they, may think sufficient and necessary to be dug and made in, under, ahag or across any of the said Roads, Ways, Streets, Squares, Pif&grs and other open Places hereby authorised to be made and set spirt u aforesaid $ and also to cause any of the Sewers, public Drum d Vaults, which now are or hereafter shall be in, under and along ot across the said Premises, to be enlarged, raised, altered, removed and repaired in such manner as he or they respectively shall from tine

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. in C. 123. 63 i

to time fee fit, so at no such Sewer, Drain or Vault (ha! be altered or removed without first making another ^Sevrer, Drain or Vault equally convenient to the Public; and for any of the said Purposea shall and may from time to time cause to be dug, carted and carried out of or brought into any such Road, Way, Street, Square, Passage or other open Place, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks and other Materials, as he or they shall judge necessary; and also shall and may cause such and so many Grates, Sluices and Openings to be made on any such Road, Way, Street, Square, Passage or other open Place, for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Waters from the Houses built near or adjoining to such Sewers, Sluices and public Drains, as he or they shall or may think necessary or expedient for that Purpose, and the same or any of them to be enlarged, altered, removed and repaired, as he or they shall from time to time think fit; and also to give and grant any Privilege or EafemenU to the I^effee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of the same Premises respectively, in regard to such Sewers, Draiiu,

Streets, Squares and Passages, as may be for the better Accommodation of such Person or Persons respectively, and his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and other Persons resorting to or frequenting the demised Premises.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Powers retted m contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to pre- Commissioners of judice, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities

vested in the Commissioners of Sewers, but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid and effectual as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Docks, &c. made and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the 00 Premises time being, Dukes of Cornwall* with such Advice and Consent, or at such Request as hereinbefore is mentioned, to embank, or cause eu to be embanked, any Part of the said Premises called Princess Meadows, immediately abutting on the River Thame/, and to cut, dig and make, or cause to be cut, dug or made, proper and commodious Docks, Baiins, Locks and Sluices, for the Purpose of Trade and Traffic.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Right* of Cfcy herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, of London nor to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, affeftedj&c* Franchises or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or dir minish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the time being as Conservator of the River Thames, did or might lawfully claim, u(e or exercise, nor to authorize or empower any Person or Persons whatsoever, their Workmen or Servants, or any of them* to embank, encroach upon or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River Thames, or the Banks or Shores thereof, without the Licence and Consent of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding j uor shall any tiling contained in tbi? Aft, or in the

<534

A.D. 1812.

C. 123. 52 GEO. III.

said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, extend or be deemed, taken or construed tottteod, to prejudice, alter, affect or interfere with the Power* and Autarkies, Immunities or Privileges of the said Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, or any of them, or all or any of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Ynr of the Reign of His present Majesty, or whh the Roads, Works, Matters and Things thereby authorised to be made and executed. While Dukedom

XI. And be it further enacted, That while the Dukedom of Cm Abeyance or Hi all from time to time be in Abeyance or Suspense, and atfo

Duke a Minor, from time to time when there shall be a Duke of Cornwall, hat lie &c. Powers of shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, and no Council or Com* Atf exercised missioners of Revenue shall have been appointed to him, then all or any t>y t e King, &c. of the powers an(j Authorities contained in this Ati^ or in the find recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of Hisprefcst Majesty, shall be exerciseable and shall or may be exercised bytke King or Queen for the time being of these Realms, to whom the Inheritance of the said Lands and &rounds shall for the time being belong; and further, that from time to time, while the Duke of Cm wall for the time being shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, but shall have a Council or Commissioners of Revenue appointed to him, all or any of the same Powers and Authorities shall be exercise. able, and shall or may be exercised by the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, with the Advice of his Council or Commissionm of Revenue for the time being, and notwithstanding his being under the Age of Twenty one Years 5 but all Rents to be referred by any Leases or Grants to be made by the King or Queen for the tee being, or by the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, shall from time to time be incident to and go along with the Reversion or Remainder of the Lands and other Hereditaments comprized in such Leases or Grants, as the same Reversion or Remainder shall be immediately expectant on the Term or Terms granted by the same Leases respectively, whether such Reversion or Remainder (kafi be* long to the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, or to the King or Queen's Majesty for the time being, general Saving. XII. Saving always to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators (other than and except His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also other than and except to His fold Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall hereafter have, inherit and enjoy the said Duchy of Cornwall, by force of any Act of Parfament or other Limitation whatsoever), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, out of or upon the said Hereditaments called Princess Meadows, and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, as he, (he and they, aid every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or woc^ could or might have had in case this Act had not been made.

lit*.

a GCO. III.

C. 124.

63S

CAP. CXXIV. ft for vesting in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ain Lands or Grounds, formerly Part of the Wastes of Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, freed and barged of Commonable and other Rights.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, was graciously ed to estabbfh a Royal Military College; and by His Warrant r His Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the Twenty seventh of May One thousand eight hundred and eight. His Majesty rractously pleased to direct that the said Military College shoula nder the Controul and Superintendence of certain Persons in named, to be Commissioners of the said Royal Military Coland to compose and form from time to time a Board for the roul, Direction and Management of all Affairs belonging to; and that a Collegiate Board should be formed, as therein ioned and directed, for the Purpose of taking under its Cog-ice all Matters relating to the interior Regulations and CEco-f of the said Department, and which should consist of the prnor of the said College and the several other Persons therein d 5 and His Majesty was also most graciously pleased, by His Warrant, to direct that the Lands and Property belonging to aid Royal Military College should be under the Care of the ernor and Collegiate Board, subject to the Directions of the d of Commissioners: And whereas the King's Most Excellent ifty is, under and by virtue of an ancient Grant from the for-Lords of the Manor of Sandhurst in the County of Berks, bear-Date the Twenty sixth Day of May which was in the Year thousand six hundred and forty seven, and made or expressed ie made between John Geale the younger, of Oveinberinge in County of Southampton, Gentleman, and John Geale the elder, udburfl in the County of Berks, Gentleman, Fatherof the John Geale, of the One Part, and Richard Lodge the younger, of Wtnkfield in the said County of Berks, Gentleman, and not Dymarshy then of Sandhurst aforesaid, Yeoman, of the other, seized to himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the Soil of)Pieces of Land or Ground Parcel of the Waste or Common be said Manor of Sandhurst, and lying within the said Manor Parish of Sandhurst, therein and herein after particularly de-xd, subject to the yearly Rent of Ten Shillings, payable to Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst aforesaid, in the Nature of a it Rent, and doing Suit to the (Court Baron of the Lord of the I Maoor, and upon Default thereof to forfeit for every time the a of Two Shillings and Six pence; and also subject to the Sum Ten Shillings, payable to the said Lord of the Manor of Sand-upon every Alienation and dying seized of the Inheritance of laid Pmmises, in the Name and Nature of a Relief; and sub-also to Powers of Entry and DHlrefs for Recovery of the \ Quit Rent, Fine and Relief, when and in case the same or taos them shall be in Arrear, as in the said Indenture arc re-rcd and expressed: And whereas Richard Hea^iftde Esquire is

Lord

A.D. 1812.

C. 124. 52 GEO- in.

4 Lord of the said Manor of Sandhurst, and in Right thereof is entitled to the said Qyit Rent, Suit and Relief, so referred by the said Indenture in respect of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land r 4 Ground herein after mentioned and described: And whereas the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and John Moseley Esquire, ITuHaa Blachall Simonds, Charles Simonds, William Simonds, WilTum GHa, John Rackjlraw, and several other Persons, are Owners and Pro-

Ers of all the Lands lying and being within the said Manorad of Sandhurst, and claim to be entitled to Commonable Rights on and over the said Two Pieces of Land or Ground: And where* 4 by an Order under the Hands and Seals of Sir Nathaniel Dtietfield Baronet, and Major General John Leveson Gower, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Serb, d 4 John 1'ekell and Richard Birt Esquire, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, made at a {pedal Sessions held on the Eleventh Day of November One thonhnd eight hundred and eleven, after reciting that having upon Vint found that a certain Part of a Highway lying Part in the said Parish of Sandhurst in the Hundred of Suning in the said County of Berks, and Part in the Parish or Hamlet of Frimley io*Hundred of IVoking in the County of Surrey, and lying betwea the South East End of the Village of Sandhurst, near to a FansHouse the Property of the said William Blackall Simonds ECquirr, and the High Turnpike Road between Bagjbot and Blackwater, for the Length of One thousand five hundred and ninety five Yards or thereabouts, and particularly described in the Plan thereunto annexed, might be diverted and turned so as to make the same more commodious to the Public; and that having viewed a Course proposed for the new Highway in lieu thereof over the open Lands and Grounds of the said Richard Ileavijide Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sandhurst aforesaid, and of the said Governor and CoUeviate Board of the Royal Military College of Sandhurst aforesaid, of the Length of One thousand two hundred and eighty seven Yards or thereabouts, and of the Breadth of Thirty Feet or thereabouts, particularly described in the Plan thereunto annexed; and that having received Evidence of the Consent of the said Richard Huvijidc, and of the said Governor and Collegiate Board, to the said new Highway being made through their respective Lands thereinbefore described, by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the said Richard Heavifide, and under the Hand and Seal of the honourable Alexander Hope the Governor of the said College, they the fa; J 4 Justices did thereby order that the said Highway Ihouhl be diverted and turned through and over the Lands aforesaid: Aud wherea the Commissioners of His Majesty's said Royal Military College have ereAcd and built the said College on Part of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground hereinbefore mentioned and herein after described, and are desirous of converting the Remainder thereof ft> 4 the Uses and Purposes of the said Institution exclusively: And f whereas the Corami limners of His Majesty's said Royal Mirny College have, in Behalf of His Majesty, agreed with the said John Moseley, William Blackall Simonds, Charles Simonds, UiSiem Simonds, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor and FarHh of Sandhurst, for f the Purchase of all their Commonable and other Rights and so-

tcrrfU

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 124.37

erects in, upon and over the said Two Pieces of Land or Ground:

\nd whereas the said Commissioners have also agreed with the said Richard Heavifide, as Lord of the said Manor of Sandhurst, for the ^urchase of the said Quit Kent, Suit and Relief, and all such >ther Rights and Immunities as he the said Richard Heavifide lath as Inch Lord, in, out of, upon or in respect of the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground: And whereas the Inclosure ?f the said Two Pieces of Land or Ground, freed and discharged rom all Commonable and other Rights, will not only be very beneficial for the Purposes of the said Royal Military College, but also great public UtilityYet forasmuch as the same cannot be equally done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it acted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-: and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comics, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of ? same. That all that Piece or Parcel of Waste or Common Parcel Lands in 8m4-the Manor of Sandhurst called Barres Green, containing by Efti- hitrft vested in ition Ten Acres, be the same more or less, lying near to a capital His Majesty, dtf. elinage of His Majesty, called Ttchine, otherwise Twitcbenor, within ComreomSls e said Manor, and all the Pond within the same Parcel of Waste or Right*

>mmon, and all the Fishings in the same Pond; and also all that ece of Waste or Common, containing by Estimation Two hundred cres (be the same more or lefsl, Parcel of the Waste or Common the Manor of Sandhurst aforesaid, next adjoining to the said Green lied Barrej Green, and also to Inhams and Butts, and Calves Lease oses, and against the Pond formerly made by William Chijlett in ijbmore Stream, and to be accounted and taken from the said Wish-\re Stream, which is the Bound that parts the Parishes or Hamlets Frimley and Sandhurst, along by the said Bound Eastward, and in the North Comer of Barres Green upright North East, and so counted and bounded with Marks and Bounds from the other Part the Waste Ground belonging to the said Manor, and as the same e now inclosed, set out and known, and by whatsoever other Names, uantities. Abuttals, Boundaries or other Descriptions, the said Two eces or Parcels of Land or Ground are now or at any time or times retofore have been calied, known or distinguished, shall be and the me are hereby vested in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successora for er, freed, acquitted and absolutely exonerated and discharged, of d from all and all Manner of Commonable Rights and other Rights hatsoever* as well of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Te-: raents within the said Manor and Parish oI Sandhurst, as also for ever ted, acquitted and absolutely exonerated and discharged of and om all Quit Rents, Suit, Service, Fines, Reliefs and all other light*, Royalties, Immunities and Privileges whatsoever, of the /ord or Lords, or Owner or Owners of the said Manor of Sandhurst >r the time being.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That His Majesty, NoCornmcnibW is Heirs and Successors, shall not be entitled to, or have or claim Rights over ny Commonable Rights in or over any Part or Parts of the Residue Residue* f the Wastes of the said Manor of Sandhurst, for or in respect of >r a* appurtenant to the said Two Pieces of Land or Ground by hit Act yetted in His Majesty as aforesaid.

<38

C. 124.

A.D. 1812.

5 2= GEO. III.

Commonable Rights in respect of old inclosed l.ands not ftffe&ed.

Ar^Bcstton of Ctanpesfation Mooey wl*n OrroOBting tO

auat

III. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Audi destroy or in any wise abridge or kfien the Right of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successort, to all or any such Commonable and other Rights as His Majesty h sow titled to, in, over and upon the Rest of the Commons or Wain of the said Manor of Sandhurst, for or in respect of the old inclosed Laock called Lodge's Farm, or any other old inclosed Lands of His Majestr, within the said Manor and Parish, but that His Majesty, his Herrs and Successors, and the Owner and Owners for the time being of tk said old inclosed Lands, shall have and be entitled to all such Con monable and other Rights in, upon and over all the Refedoe of the Wastes of the said Manor of Sandhurst, for and in respect of such aid inclosed Lands, in as large and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as any of the Tenants of the same Manor have or ufethm; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in asy wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to wk from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate, Eccle&astical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, FeoSn in Trull, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, or from any Fe* or Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, feci Money shall, in case the same amount to or exceed the Stun of T hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank d England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounttot (few* ral of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Aocowt there ex parte the Governor of the said College, to the Intent tha such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upoei Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the W Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Lad I Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such otte Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to te paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or uffecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing fcttid -therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents and Purposes; where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be bA out and in veiled, under the like Direction and Approbation oflhe fell Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Heredkxm&.t, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same maimer a the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shallbefopurckH taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement (halite exiiling undetermined or capable of taking listed; and in die awe time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money (k6 by Order of the said Court of Oraneery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities 5 and in the meat time, ate until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court w be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and animal Protes of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall frotnt

u

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. G* 124, 639

) time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Per Ton or Per* ns who would for the time being hare been entitled to the Renta id Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so hereby reded to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was tade.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money When less \hm > agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here* aool. itameots, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and ekmging to any Inch Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under )&bidty or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lets than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Venty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the )ption of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the lents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so itircbased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guar* fans, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to ic Ggnified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into he Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant general of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Ac-rouot as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore iireded; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to IVoTrustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making uch Option, and approved of by the Governor of the said College,

|such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under: he Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividend arising thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such When lrfs thin Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentionedol.

shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would For the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the lands. Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Governor of the said College shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. '

VII. And whereas the said Road so intended to be diverted and ' flopped up runs through and difle&sthe said Two Pieces or Parcels

of Land or Ground, and lo near to the said Royal Military College as to be a great Inconvenience to the same, and it is therefore expedient that the aforesaid Order of the said Justices for diverting

and turning the same should be immediately carried into Execution,

1 and the Soil of the said old Road be veiled in His Majesty, his

1 Heirs and Successors; Be it therefore further enacted, That the When new said Order of the Justices aforesaid shall forthwith be carried into Road certified in Execution, and when and so soon as the said Jnllices or any other g*1 epair: old Justices of the Peace have certified, that the new Road proposed to be anj3 s0it substituted and used in lieu thereof shall have been made and put into m His Majesty. good Repair, the said old Road be from thenceforth for ever Hopped up and no longer used as a Road, and the Soil of so much thereof as runs through the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, or

640 C. 124, 125, 126. 52 GEO. III. AD.iba

any other of the Lands of Hit said Majesty, be and the Hunt is hereby vetted in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successorv By whom the

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That Hii new Road shall Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of the said Far* called be kept in Lodge's Farm, or the Owner or Owners thereof for the tine being.

Repair. shall for ever thereafter, at his and their own Costs and Chirp,

amend and repair the said new Road to the Extent of One thraiad two hundred and eighty seven Yards, to be computed from the Tan* pike Gate across the South End of the said new Road, according to and as mentioned in the said Order of the said Justices, together wik any Bridge or Bridges that may hereafter be erected on or acroh tie fuel new Road.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[13th July 1812.]

43 G. 3. c. ai.

43 C-3- c.aj.

46 G. 3.C. 64.

47 0.3. Ssffi.

<.30.

47 G. 3. Se % c 14.

48 G. 3. c. 41.

30 G. 3. c. 76.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection ard Management of the Stamp Duties in Inland, and to nub more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of 4 V? His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for grant* to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; And whereai

another Act was passed in the said Forty third Year of His Mujpbfi Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Dries

upon Certificates with respeS to the killing of Game in Ireland: And whereas another Act wa^jafled in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties upm stamped Parchment, Vdium and Paper in Ireland, and to grout net and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws rdatn* 4 to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas another Act vas passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commifisam for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new andadds- tional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating H the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas another Act wu patted n 4 the said Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stonp Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties is ba thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeater

tain Duties of Excise in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Drier in lieu thereof; and also certain other Stamp Duties; and tt sound the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: Andvberea*

another Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said Majesty's ' Reign, intituled An Act to repeal certain Duties under iht Cart tf the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; undtt grant new and additional Duties^ and to amend the Laws rcUbuyti

the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that, as far as the same is practicable, Regulations should be established for the Collectkra of all Duties which shall be from time to time for ever hereafter under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be nacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, >y and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and >y the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commence-nent of this Act, the said several Acts shall be, and the same are lereby repealed; save and except so far as the said Acts or any of hem repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, (latter or Thing herein contained; and save as to any Proceeding ommenced or to be commenced in any Court Civil or Criminal, or >therwi(e, against any Person or Persons for any Fine, Penalty or forfeiture, for or in respect of any Offence committed or to be com-nitted against the said Acts or any of Aem, previous to the Com* oencement of this Act; and save that all Licences and Certificates panted under the said Acts respectively, before the Commencement of this Act, shall have Continuance, Force, Virtue and Effed, accord* ng to the Terms and Nature thereof respectively, as if this Act had ot pacted, except where it is herein otherwise provided; and save oy Provision iu any of the said recited Acts, making any Ad, Matter r Thing which may have been doue contrary to the Provisions of ny former Act of Parliament valid or effectual, or for indemnifying be Person or Persons concerned therein, or any of them; and save ad except as herein after is specially provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, or the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the ime being, shall have power from time to time and at all times, to ppoint Commissioners for the flamping and marking of Vellum, brehment and Paper, and managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; nd that the said Commissioners shall be called "The Commissionert of r Stamp Duties iu Ireland/' and that the said Commissioners or any Three of them, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, >r of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of freland for the time being, shall have Power uader their Hands and ieals to appoint such inferior Officers as they shall from time to time hink proper, for the marking or damping of Vellum, Parchment and Japer, and for collecting and levying such Duties as shall from time

0 time be under the Management of the said Commissioners, and that very Commissioner or other Officer so appointed, before he shall >roceed to the Execution of his Office under such Appointment, shall ake and subscribe the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do {Wear, That I will, during my Continuance in the Office of, faithfully execute the Trust committed

to me therein without Fraud or Concealment, and that I will from time to time true Account make of all such As a-v I shall do therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other

1 Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, hath t or have appointed or hereafter shall appoint to receive such Ac-1 coot; and that I will take no Fee, Reward or Profit for the ! Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business re-

lating

Repelled.

Exception.

Appointment of Commissioner and Officers.

Oath.

A.D. 1812.

Not to affect li Ic 22 G. 3. c. 33. respeliing Qualifications.

Three Commissioners a Quorum.

Officers to hold Employments till Death or Removal.

Reputation fuf-ticietit Evidence cl Allotment.

52*

GEO. III.

lating thereto, from any Person or Persons other than feck Is foil*be paid and allowed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by some Person or Persons for that Purpose authorised by H

Majesty, his Heirs or Successora, or by the Lord UetfteuBt or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time bring.' And such Oath shall and may be administered to any such Coowffioner or Commissioners by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Lord Chits Baron, or any other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in their Absence by any of the Justices of any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin, and they are hereby respectively required and impowered to administer such Oath; as4 any of the said Commissioners, or any Justice of the Peace within Ireland within his proper Jurisdiction, shall and may administer the Hke Oath to any of the subordinate Officers aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect, or he construed to affect, an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Qualificatim cf Persons appointed to Offices in this Kingdom wherein Two or mat Grantees a3 under One Grants Commission or Appointment; bet dot the said Act, and every Part thereof, shall remain in full Force, as if this Act had not been passed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it ftdf not be otherwise directed or provided by any Act or Acts of, all and every Right, Power and Authority, which from time to time shall be vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may be used and exercised by any Three or more of the said Commissionm, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the banc could be used or exercised by all the said Commissioners for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioom and inferior Officers heretofore appointed for the marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such Offices respectively, shall continue to ad in the several Offices to which ther have been so appointed, in like manner, with the same Powers iofl Authorities, and subject to such Restrictions and Limitations, as ? appointed under this Act; and that every such Commissioner now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exercise his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being; and that every such inferior Officer now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exerctfr his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Lord Lieuteoart or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time bdag.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if in any Court whatsowr, on any Trial, Proceeding or Occasion whatsoever, tad whopftr kail be the Parties therein, any Question shall arise concerning tie Right of the said Commissioners or inferior Officers or any of them, to hold, exercise or enjoy their said Offices respectively, then and w every such case it shall be sufficient to proor&at such Comaifmtn

il 2.

C.ll6.

5*0 GEO. III.

643

niflfiorier, or inferior Officers or Officer, were or was at the }iieftion commonly reputed to be such Commissioners or Com-. or Officer or Officers respectively, without producing any Appointment or Commission, and without giving any Evi-Kaving performed the several Requisites prescribed by Law e them to execute the said Offices respectively.

And be it further enacted, That it mall and may be lawful Salaries of Of->r His Majesty, his Heirs and Sticceflors, and to and for the jjcers PJ'*1 ?ut ieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland SumP utJes* ime being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which time to time be payable in Ireland, to cause such Sum and Money to be expended and paid from time to time for ind incident Charges as shall be necessary in and for the re-: ol letting and levying, or managing of the said Duties; any this or any other A cl contained to the contrary notwith-

oi

And be it further enacted, That all Duties which shall Definition of >e to time be under the Care or Management of the said SlamP Duties, oners, shall be deemed and denominated Stamp Duties, in way the same shall or may be payable.

Lnd be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or Officers to ob-ficers heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as Drve Directions and all Officers employed or to be employed, or intruded of ^ord Dieute-ler them as aforesaid, shall from time to time observe such n2-

let hods and Orders in the Execution of their several Offices Is as they respectively have received, or shall receive from time from His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other >vemor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from imiiSoners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any F them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland respectively me being.

id be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Office in uties shall keep their Stamp Office in some convenient Place DuWui* e City of Dublin, and that none of the Duties which shall from time to time under their Management, shall be recollected by, or paid to the said Commissioners of Stamp tr any of them.

tod be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioners ir the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being, ne or more of them, to administer Oaths and Affirmations,

Affidavits and Affirmations in all cases where he or they actively think an Oath or Oaths, or an Affirmation or Affir-necessary to be administered or taken >r the Purpose of iuto Eife& this Act or any Part thereof, or any Matter y relating thereto, or to the Management of any of the Julies now payable or hereafter to be payable.

And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per- Stamp Distribn-ointed by the said Commissioners a Distributor or Distributors t5>rs, venf7

thall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) by Session*

ion, his, her or their respective Accounts, furnished by him, em, to the said Commissioners, such Affidavit or Affirma-t made in Dublinf to be sworn or affirmed before One of the umffionen, and.if in the Country, before a Justice of the of the County in which the said Distributor or Distributors Gie. III. T t respectively

Ci 26.

A.D. 1812.

644

52 GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

Appointment of Sub Distributon.

Commissioners to grant Warrants to seize Stamps in Hands of Distributors.

respectively shall reside, and which Affidavit or Affirmation such Commissioners and Justices respectively are hereby required and authorised to receive and take as aforesaid, or if the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of them, shall by Notice in Writing require the same, then before the Justices of the Peace at a Quarter Session* of the Peace to be held in and for the County in which such Distributor shall reside; and which Affidavit or AfiirmafcM such Justicesare hereby required and authorised to receive and take: And if any Distributor shall neglect or refuse to verify any of foca Accounts in manner aforesaid, within such reasonable time as be or (he shall be called upon by the said Commissioners of Stamps, orauy One or more of them, so to do, he or she shall, for every such. Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Uwtil for any Distributor or Distributors of Stamp Duties, with the Coo* sent of the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One of them, to appoint by Warrant under Hand and Seal any Person or Perfousto be his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, or Sub Distributor of Sub Distributors, within his, her or their District, or any Part or Parti that may be specifid in such Warrant, and every such Distributu or Distributors (halt be answerable for the Conduct of every fed Deputy or Sub Distributor, in all Matters relating to the saidO&t of Distributor, and every such Deputy or Sub Distributor shall have full Power to fell Stamps for the said Distributor or Distributors according to the Terms of such Warrant, in the same manner as the said Distributor or Distributors might personally do; but not to a* ercife any other Part of the Business or Office of such Distributor or Distributors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may belirfil to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland^ or any Ok or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, authorize any Person or Persons, with the Assistance of a Magiffntt or any Peace Officer, in the Day time to enter into the House or Hahi* tation of any Distributor of Stamps, or of any Deputy or Sub Diibs* butor, or Person or Persons acting for or under such Distributor, or-having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for an. particular time 5 and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any loner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then to break open the same spectively, and to seize and take into his or their Possession all damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be then found in the Houi^ Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Sub Distributor, or Paw fop. or Persons acting'for or under such Distributor, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for any particular time; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Per Tons so authorised as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to enter accordingly into the House or Habtfatioe of any such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor, or odPerson as aforesaid; and if on Demand and Notice of fuqh Warrant the Door of the House in which such Distributor or Deputy or Suh Distributor or other Person as aforesaid shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof shall not be opened, then with the Assistance and in thr Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to break open the

12 re(jpeffiwly.

A.D. 1812.

C. 126.

52 GEO. III.

645

spectively, and to seize and take into his or their Possession all amped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be then found the House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Deputy Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting under such Distri-for, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor r any particular time as aforesaid; and all Magistrates and Peace fBcers are hereby required, upon the Request of any Person or Perns acting under such Warrant, to aid and assist iiirrt and them in e Execution thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Commissioner* amps, or any Three of them, shall have Power from time to time ma7 ^ne Dif-'Warrant under Hand and Seal, to fine any Distributor or Distri- mbutors*

tors of Stamps for any Breach or Neglc6l of Duty, or of the ders of the said Commissioners, or of any One or more of them, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for any One Offence, the nount of such Fine to be paid by such Distributor or Distributors the Receiver General for the Use of His Majesty's Revenue, toge-rr with his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof; and may b rehall be lawful for such Receiver General and he is hereby required tufned by Reapply the next Money that he shall receive from such Distributor, ceiver ener so much thereof as shall be necessary, to the Payment of such Fine, atever may be the Purpose for which the same may be sent.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Times of Pay-Beers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting or receiving any ent of

imp Duty or Duties in Ireland, shall keep separate and distinct butorTto^Re-: counts thereof, and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the ceiver General, unty of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, shall pay all and by him into )nies received by them for or by reason or on account of any of d* Exchequer, said Stamp Duty or Duties, or of any Penalties imposed by this t or by any other Act in any wise relating to the Payment or Relation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of h Distributors respectively, to the Receiver General of Stamp ities on every Day, or on such and so many Days in each Week,

Tiall be appointed for the Purpose by the said Commissioners; and Distributors of Stamps employed in other Parts of Ireland shall,

Wednesday in every Week, unless the same shall be an Holyday,

I then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holyday, is speedily after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of h Distributors respectively shall permit, or as much oftener as

said Distributors shall be required by the said Commissioners or of them, pay or cause to be paid all Sums received by them in: manner, and then in their Hands respectively to the said Re-rer General of Stamp Duties, and the said Receiver General shall each and every Day, or on such Day or Days in every Week as

II be directed for the Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any ree of them, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his nds, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland; and said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such

yment into the said Exchequer, and every Distributor of Stamps each Day after his or her making any such Payment to the said ceiver General, or on the first Opportunity after the said times re-iStively, give Notice of such Payment and of the Amount thereof, the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if such Receiver Receiver Ge^-neral shall at any time neglect or omit to pay into the Receipt of ra* ncsleiVing?

1*1*

[Penalty.]

Distributor

neglecting.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Further time allowed to Distributors by Commissioners.

Account:

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

His Majesty's Exchequer the Sums so by him payable u aforesaid. at the time and in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, then and for such Offence he (hillbedif-mifled from his said Employment, and shall be incapable to {cue His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by th Year, the same to be recovered with Coils of Suit, by A&iou, Ss't or Information, or by any other of the means whereby Debts tot be recovered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Pubic Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Distributor or Distributors shall neglect or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid, the Sums so by him, her or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him* her or theta fe payable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, then for the first of fedi Offences* he, she or they shall forfeit all and every the Discount, Per Centage, or other Fee, Profit or Reward to which such Perfoaor Persons so offending would or might otherwise be entitled forcuby reason of the Sum to detained, or To neglected or omitted to be paid to such Receiver General, and for the Second of such Offences erev such Distributor or Distributors shall forfeit the said Discount, Ps Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, and shall be dismissed from Lis fir her said Office, and shall from the time of such Dismissal be incapable of serving His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Civil Cap city whatsoever, and shall also be charged with Interest for the Money so detained, after the Rate of Six Pounds'by the Year for every He* dred Pounds, the same to be recovered in the same manner, and wib like Costs as the Interest is recoverable from the said Receiver Gene* ral as aforesaid; and the said Discount, Per Centage, Fee, Profit Reward so forfeited by such Distributor or Distributors, shall ia every of the said cases be paid to such Officer or Officers of the Stamps, as shall first discover and inform the said Commissioners of Staap Duties of such Neglect, Omission or Detention, if the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or the major Part of them, Hull th*l proper so to order the same, and if they shall make no Order thett-upon, it shall be made a Saving to His Majesty's Revenue.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any such Distributor, orofh* Prcaecessor or Predecessors, for Twelve Months next preceda^ shall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Month, it (hd and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamp Dutin, or any Three of them, from time to time as often as they shall see jot and necessary Occasion, by Order under their Hands, to enlarge ad extend for any time not exceeding One Month, the time hereby allowed to such Distributors respectively, for paying unto such Receiver General the several Sums by them respectively from time la time received as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept ia His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, One Book in which all Monies that shall be paid into the said Treasury in Ireland by virtue of this Act or of any Act or Acts for imposing of Stamp Duties in JrdsU shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid or parable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Accostt whatsoever: And that neither the Six pence per Pound nor any tfhs

S I 2a

52 GEO. III. C. 12 6.

647

II be payable to or be deduced or received by any Officer or No Fees at of His Majesty's Treasury for or on account of the issuing Treasury for re. nent of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by, or which StamP

received for or on account of any Stamp Duties, or of any t to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties in aforesaid, but that the same shall be received and duly ac-l for to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all the paid into the said Treasury on the Account of such Duties ConsolidateJ carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of fund.

And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who Accounts en or shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting or any Stamp Duties, shall exhibit their respective Accounts of, cew IU lte*jties to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Amounts nd for the time being, or the major Part of them, when called hem, or any One or more of them, for that Purpose; and the nmissioners of Public Accounts are hereby respectively autho-d required from time to time to examine upon Oath the said who shall be so employed in raising, receiving or collecting Duties as to their said Accounts, and as to the Sum or Sums ey which shall have been by them or any of them respectively collected or received within the time of such their Accounts; rwife what Part thereof shall have been by them or any of them the Receiver General, or into the Receipt of His Majesty's [uer in Ireland; and in accounting before the said Commis-}f Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, the said Persons >roduce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money by: ceived and paid, and the said Commissioners of Public Ac-or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and re-finally to adjustand settle such Accounts; which said Accounts

audited and settled, shall be signed by the said Commissioners lie Accounts, or the major Part of them, and shall be at all

the Officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient Warrant scharge to all Intents and Purposes, according to the true Meaning and Import thereof respectively.

And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks and Dies for Stamps; which are already kept or used for denoting and marking on Provided*

1, Parchment and Paper, the several and respective Duties ore granted, or any of them, or which shall hereafter be kept 1 at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on 1, Parchment and Paper, the several and respective Stamp which shall from time to time be payable by Law in Ireland, i the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps, for imping and impressing of all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ich any of the several Things in respect whereof any such Stamp shall from time to time be payable, have been or shall be en-d or written, and that if at any time there shall not be any Type, Mark or Stamp, denoting the precise Amount of any of amp Duties which shall from time to time be payable, it shall be for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, to direct

Two or more of such Types, Marks or Stamps, the Duties td whereby shall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties so )le respectively, shall be used on the same Piece of Vellum, kme&t or Paper, for denoting such Duties, or at their Discre-

tion

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

tion to cause to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamp* for denoting such Duties or any of them, and to cause all Vdhtm, Parchment and Paper chargeable with such Duties to be fbmped or marked with the same.

Dies for Sumps

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Devices or Maks used aiteied. or to be use(i for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and

Paper, the Stamp Duties which shall be payable from time to thee, or any of them, may be changed, varied or altered from time to time l His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, <r the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being, or any Three of them, shall think fit: Provided that whensoever such Devices s: Marks shall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every foci w case public Notice of every such Change, Variation or Alteration

shall be given by Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in ferae other public Newspaper, a convenient time before the Types, Mirfc or Stamps on which such new Devices or Marks shall be made be used.

Particular

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner?d

Stamps forcer. Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause separate and particular Sumps or ain Duties. Marks to be provided and used to denote the Duties which shall from time to time be payable, not only on any Article or Articles for wind separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall be required fromtbe to time by any Law or Laws, but also on such other Articles, Mr-ters and Things as to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties fhiB seem requisite and necessary, or as the said Commissioners of Stamps shall be required by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and all such ArUcH Matters and Things respectively which shall be iflbed or granted, made or written after One Month from the Day on which public Notice shall have been or shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, by the fail Commissioners of Stamp Duties, that such separate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the same have been or are respedivdj provided, and which shall be engrossed, written or printed on ict Vellum, Parchment or Paper without such Stamps or Maris, cr having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided or used far the Purpose aforesaid respectively, although such Stamps may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount, shall be of no other Effect than if they had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped; and all Persons who shall write or print any such Article, Matter or Thing on any Paper or Parchment, having any other Stamps than those so provided for the Purpose aforesaid, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as they would be liable to in case such Article, Matter or Thing respectivek had been written or printed on Paper or Parchment not marked or stamped.

Stamps maybe

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the changed. Devices or Marks aforesaid, or any of them, shah be changed, varied

or altered, ft shall be lawful for all Persons who shall at the times respectively of such Alteration or Change have in their Custcdjror Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked with the Imprefiios of the Type, Mark or vStamp, which shall have been fa changed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the Matters or Thing*a

1812.

C. 12

*49

52 GEO. III.

whereof any Stamp Duties shall be payable shall have been ed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the Space of louths after the Publication of such Advertisement as aforesaid, el him. Parchment or Paper to the said Commissioners of Stamp at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to any Distributor of >, or to any Person appointed to act as a Distributor of Stamps; ereupon the proper Officer at such Stamp Office, and such Dif-r or Person appointed to act as such respectively, shall, and he,

[ they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be deli-a lieu thereof the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper t have been brought or sent as aforesaid, with the Impression i new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking p or indirectly for the same any Money or other Consideration: ver, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence m of Twenty Pounds; and the said Stamps and Marks which l>enahy* ve been so given or sent in, shall in every such case be immc-cancelled; and in case any Person shall neglect or omit, within e aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered le said Commissionere or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vel-archinent or Paper so marked with the Type, Mark or Stamp, shall have been so changed, the same is hereby declared to be ther Effect than if such Vellum, Parchment or Paper had een damped; and that all Matters and Things which shall be yd or written thereon, after such time as shall be appointed i Advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed "ed Types, Marks or Stamps as aforesaid, shall be of no other than it they had been engrossed or written on Vellum, Parch-r Paper not marked or damped; and all Persons who shall or write any Matter or Thing chargeable with any of the aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, after the le, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as is herein directed to be 1 on Persons writing or engrossing on Vellum, Parchment or lot marked or stamped.

[V. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment Paper stamped per intended to be charged with any Stamp Duty, shall before before written the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty upon*

then payable, shall be thereupon engrossed or written, be t to the Stamp Office aforesaid, to be stamped and marked,

said Commissioners and Officers are hereby required upon d of the Person or Persons so bringing the same, forthwith t any Fee or Reward to damp or mark any Quantity or Parcels um. Parchment or Paper so brought, such Person or Persons to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf, pective Duties which they shall require to have so damped or 1 on the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner or other Officers stampin* r appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix or impress P*per before > ch Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper Duty Pa, d*

shall be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid to be damped or 3, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby shall be duly red orfecured to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs toceflors, in such cases when such Security may by Law be i be shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One bun- Penalty.

Pounds.

A.D. 1812.

Additional Stamps put on old Stamps.

Spoiled Stamps chanced for others.

Suraping Deeds, lee. written on unstampcu Paper.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in all cases whereroderor by the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parfement, any Stamps shall at any time be made or become inapplicable to the Purposes for which the same were intended, then and wheuevet it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any of them, and they are hereby required upon Request of any Person or Periods producing any such Stamp or Stamps, to order either that such Vellum, Parchment and Paper be stamped with a Duty denoting a higher Duty, the Person or Persons requesting the same paying the Difference of Price between the said respective Stamps; or that sech Vellum, Parchment or Paper as shall be brought foY the Purposo, by the Person requesting the same, be duly stamped and markedwkh Stamps, denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requdbog the same shall require, in Exchange for such Vellum, Parchment tod Paper as shall he offered for Exchange, the Person or Persons to whoa the same shall be given paying the Difference (if any) between the said respective Stamps: Provided always, that the Stamps fopre-viously marked on all such Vellum, Parchment and Paper so lole offered for Exchange be cancelled.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oathar solemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by thenis that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby empowered to administer) to his or their Satisfaction, thit any stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper printed, engrossed or written upon, and inadvertently and undesignedly obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, hath not been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or used for any oftk Purposes for which the lame was or were intended, and that the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account received, and that such Person31 not receive any Money or other Consideration for the Stamp therapy and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been pad for by such Person to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that such Person will be a Loler to such Amount, unless such Person (bll receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon the Person or Persons, who shall produce such Proof, delivering such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for Use as aforesaid, and deliveringilfo at the same time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be stamped, then and in every such case the said Commissionen shall cause the same to be stamped or marked with the several and respective Duties stamped, marked or impressed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so rendered unfit for Use, without demanding cr taking directly or indirectly for the Duty on the same, any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person bath engrossed or written at any time since the Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of such Writing or Engrossment was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty, fie and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Banters, or other Peribo

16 cr

C. 126.

651

52 GEO. III.

or Persons, before such time as the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath been or shall be marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as was or shall be by law required for the same, or hath or have engrossed or written the same, or caused the same to be engrossed or written, or shall engrofe or write the same, or cause the same to be engrossed or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not stamped with any Duty, or stamped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time for what hath been or shall be so engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such case there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty (as the case may be) so payable by Law for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be damped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above such Duty or Remainder of Duty payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, or Remainder of Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case maybe, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark and (lamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any In. Within Sixty strument, save and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers, Jj^8 ^ee?s

or other Person or Persons, shall have been engrossed or written on WU Ut

Parchment, Vellum or Paper not duly stamped, and it shall satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, upon Oath or Affirmation or otherwise, that the same hath nappened either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity, or unavoidable circum(lance8, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument, then and in any of the said cases, if such In-ftniment shall within Sixty Days from the First Execution thereof be brought to the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin to be stamped, and the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument shall be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to remit the Penalty payable as aforesaid on stamping such Instrument, or any Part thereof so executed without being stamped, and to cause such Instrument to be stamped with the proper Stamp; and every Person concerned in engrossing any such Instrument, or executing the same, shall be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Deeds executed ful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby out of Ireland authorised to (lamp any Instrument executed out of Ireland, upon stamped* Payment of the Stamp Duty which shall be payable thereon at the

time of such (lamping, without Payment of the said additional Duty of Ten Pounds, or any other Duty or Penalty, within the Spac* of Six Calendar Months from the First Execution thereof respectively, in case of the same being executed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or within the Space of Two Years from the Execution thereof, in case of the same being executed in any Place out of the United Kingdom, Proof being first made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Instrument was executed out of Ireland,

652

C. 126.

A.D. 1812.

Parr of Writing

n Sea ups.

[Penalty.]

Pei {on: - and Officers of Courts v\ riting Dtecir on Paj-er not duly Ihmped.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

52 GEO. III.

and in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kiagdoo,tk case may be, and within the time3 aforesaid respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters auditor, in respect whereof any of the said Stamp Duties shall be pipit, shall be written or printed or written and printed in fuebmaetr, (and if printed in Part, before being stamped shall be so damped) that some Part of the Writing or Printing thereof shall be 00 tie Stamps or Marks which shall in pursuance of any Act or Mix placed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper thereof, and such Wri ing or Punting shall from thence be so continued in the ufaal Fora of Writing, printing, or engrossing Deeds or Writings, so that go blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Instrument whatever, upon Pain that the Person who shall write, engross or print or (lamp, or causetoix written, engrossed, or printed or stamped, any such Writing, Matter or Thing, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Teij Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person (hd engross, or write or print, orveause to be engrossed, written orprkited upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any Instrument, Writorj, Matter or Thing for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper ought according to the Laws which shall be then in force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or damped with such Mark or Stamp as shall be then by Law' required, or marked or stamped for any lower Duty or Duties than the Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law payable thereon in respect to the Matter or Thing so engrossed, written or printed thereon, or marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp which shall have been preriously used for any other Purpose, such Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; suid in cak v Person or Persons shall at any time file in any Court of Law or Equity, any Pleacting, Affidavit, or other Proceeding, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be tkn payable, and there shall not be any time expressly allowed by Law for stamping the same after the filing thereof, and that such Pleacting, Affidavit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing shall not at the time of filing thereof be duly stamped, then and in every such case every Person who shall so file the same, or cause the same to be filed, and also every Officer of such Court who shall receive the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Clerk, Officer or other Person who in respect of any Oficr or Employment is or shall be entitled or entrusted to make, engroh or write any Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, which shall be then chargeable with a Stamp Duty, underor by virtue of any Act or Acts which shall be then existing and in force in Ireland, or to issue any Process, or to file any Proceeding, or to do any Act in the Execution of his Office with respect loan; Article, Matter or Thing chargeable with any such Duty, Aifl he guilty of any Fraud, Practice or Neglect, by means whereof His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may be defrauded of any such Duty, by making, engrossing or writing any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing, or by causing the same to be made, engrossed or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper sot duly nailed or.

stamped

C. 126.

52 GEO. III.

6S3

stamped according to such Laws as shall be then existing and in force, or upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp or Impression which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by engrossing or writing any such Record, Deed, Instrument or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than the Duty which shall be then by Law payable for the same, or by neglecting to do any thing required by him to be done in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary to the Duty of his Office, in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, that then and in every such case, such Clerk, Officer or Person so guilty of any such Fraud, Practice or Neglect, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty. Pounds, and shall also upon Conviction of such Offence forfeit his Office, Place or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court whatsoever, shall be guilty of any such Fraud as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as, an Attorney; and if any Record, Entry, Deed, Instru-rnent or Writing whatsoever, on which any Stamp Duty is charged and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be written or engrossed by any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being a known Clerk or Officer who in respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entitled to the making, writing or engrossing the same) upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped according to Law, or shall be written or engrossed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped for a lower Duty than is by Law payable thereon, (except under the Rules, Regulations and Directions in this Act contained), then and in every such case there shall be due and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every such Deed,

Instrument or Writing, over and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Law, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and no such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be pl acted or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Person, to be good, useful or available in Law or Equity, until as well such Stamp Duty as the said Sum of Ten Pounds il.all ue f: rft paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and a II eeipt produced for the same, under the Hand or Hands of some Officer appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps; nor until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be written or made, shall be marked or Humped with the proper Mark or Stamp, to denote the Duty payable thereon; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby enjoined and required upon Payment or Tender of such Duty and the Sum of Ten Pounds unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark or stamp such Vellum, Parchment or Pap r whh the Mark or Stamp proper for such Record, Entry, Deed, Lftument or Writing respectively*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Antedating forts shall, for the Purpose of evading any of the Stamp Duties which Dee(k shall at any time be payable under any Act or Acts then in force in Inland, execute any stamped Instrument without a Date, or which flail bear Date prior to such Execution thereof, or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause tq be erased or feraped out, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Date, Sum or

Thing

C. 126.

A.D. 1812.

6j4

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Stamps judicially noticed.

Deeds on higher Stamps than required valid; walefs in case of appropriated Stamps.

Inspectors of Sumps in Courts, and Orders of Coiuts thereon.

S2

GEO. III.

Thing engrossed or written in such Instrument, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, or shall fraudently cut, tear or take off any Mark dr Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Stamp or Mark for any other Writing, Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, then and in any such case every such Personw offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and any Deed, In* strument or Writing wherein any of the said Frauds shall have been committed, shall be deemed not to have been duly stamped; Provided nevertheless, that if any Deed or Instrument shall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto on the Day when the same bean Date, such Deed or Instrument may be lawfully executed at any Tnne afterwards by the other Parties thereto, or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties pfcjabfc on such Deed or Instrument, if the same shall have been duly lumped at the time of such prior Execution thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Jollier and Judges in Ireland shall, without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf, take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps kept or used, or to be kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable in Ireland; aodtbt bo Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing'or Printing whatever, for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the same is or ikH be written or printed, is or shall be by Law chargeable with aoy Stamp Duty, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given orrt-ceived in Evidence in any Court in Ireland, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity, unless the hid Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the same shall be so vrittw or printed, shall be duly marked or stamped with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing respectively: Provided always, that if any Deed, Instrument or Writing shall happen to be executed on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for such respective Deed, Instrument or Writing at the time of the Execution thereof, the same shall be considered as duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes: Provided nevertheless, that if such Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be of a Kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided as aforesaid, then and in such case the same shall not be considered as duly stamped, for or in respect of having thereon any Stamp to an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unless such greater Stamp so impressed thereon shallbeooc of the Stamps or Marks so appropriated to such Kind of Deed, In* strument or Writing.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissionera of Stamp Duties for the time being shall and may from time to time u they shall see Occasion, appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland, \ itoch Person or Persons shall have full Power and Authority to insped and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper upon which for of the Matters or Things in respect of which any Stamp Duty flail at any time be payable, shall have been engrossed or written or put, and also the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other Matten and

This?

C. 12 6.

52 GEO. III.

Things tending to secure the Duties which have been or shall from time to time be payable upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Inland; and that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or of any of them, shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other Matters and Things for the better securing of the said Duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

XXXVI. And, for the better Distribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and that all Persons may have the same with Convenience, and at an easy Rate, be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall, as often as he or they shall think proper, set the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall be sold; and the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall {lamp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece and Sheet of Paper so by them to be sold; and that the said Commissioners shall take special Care that the several Parts of Ireland shall be from time to time sufficiently furnished with such Vellum, Parchment and Paper stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may have it in their Elelion to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall be legally entitled to utter or fell the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in their Discretion to grant to any Person or Persons whom they shall think fit and proper for the Purpose, (nut beinjr a Distributor of Stamps appointed by the said Commissioners) a Licence to deal in and retail Stamps, which Licence shall be duly stamped: Provided always, that every Person requiring such Licence shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, which Bond the said Commissioners or any of them are hereby empowered to take for His Majesty's Use, in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that such Person shall not fell or offer to Sale, or have or keep in his or her Possession any forged or counterfeit Stamp, or purchase any Stamp or Stamps save only at the Office of the said Commissioners in Dublin, or from tome Distributor of Stamps duly appointed by the said Commissioners: Provided also, that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person to deal in or to retail Stamps in any Town or Place in Ireland (except within the District of Dublin Metropolis^, where a Distributor of Stamps shall have been appointed by the said Commissioper8, and shall reside and aft as such Distributor.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, by Notice under their Hands, at their Pleasure to reyoke, annul, and make void any such Licence, or any Licence for felling Stamps, or lamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or any of them heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall have nad such Licence shall at the time of his r her Death, or at the Expiration or Revocation of such Licence,

have

6SS

Prices of stamp* ed Paper ascertained, and distributed through Ireland.

Commissioner* may license Persons to deal in Stamps.

Licences

revuked.

Stamps in possession of Dealers dying, or whose Licence*

v

6S6

C. 12

52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

revoked, allowed for.

Persons (not being Distributors) felling Stamps without Licence.

[Penalty.]

Previso.

Commissioners to grant Warrant to l'ejrch for forged Stamps.

have in his, her or their Possession any Quantity of such stamped Vd-lum, Parchment or Paper, and he or fhc, if living, or if dead, then his or her Executors, Administrators or next of Kin, or any of them, shall within One Calendar Month next following fend the same to the Stamp Office in Dublin, the said Commissioners or such Officer is they shall appoint shall receive the same, and shall pay for the same the full Value thereof, deducing the reout such Per Centage, if any, as such Person shall have been allowed for such Stamps on purchasing the same, on such Person or Persons who shall focarry the same, making an Affidavit before the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any of them, or any Justice of the Peace, that the same was in the Possession of the Person or Persons so dying, or having had such Licence so expired or revoked, for the Purpose of Sale at the time when such Person or Persons so died, or the said Licence expired or was revoked, and upon proving to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp. Duties that such Stamps were purchased at the Stamp Office, or from a Distributor of Stamps, by the Person or Persons who obtained such Licence, and thereupon such Stamps shall be immediately cancelled.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons other than such Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid, shall vend or sell in any Part of Ireland any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with any of the Stamp Duties which shall be then payable, without having obtained from the said Commissioners of Stamps such Licence for that Purpose, which shall be subsisting in force and unrevoked at the time of such vending or selling 5 and if any Person or Persons other than such Distributor or Sub Distributor as aforesaid, shall without having obtained such Licence, or after the same shall have expired or been revoked as aforesaid, utter, vend or sell any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so stamped, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Proceedings shall be taken for Recovery of the said Penalty, whether m any Court in Dublin, or by Civil Bill, or before a Magistrate, it shall not be necessary to prove that the Stamps so fold were true and genuine Stamps, nor shall it be any Defence for the Person against whom such Proceedings shall be taken to shew that such Stamps were false, forged or counterfeited, but the Person so felling the same without Licence shall be deemed and taken to have fold stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as the case may be, without Licence, within the true ^Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided however, that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Person so felling such forged Stamps from the Consequences of felling the same knowing the same to be forg< d, if such Knowledge shall be duly proved in a Proceeding properly taken for that Purpose.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them lo to do, by Warrant uoder his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorize ay Person or Persons, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or any Pace Officer, in the Day time to enter into the House or Habitat* of any Person licensed to fell Stamps as aforesaid, and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then to break open the same respectively, and to search for, insped and examine

I Si 2.

j 2* Geo. in.

C. 126.

657

Persons forging Dies;

or having Diet unlawfully in Possession;

ach stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as shall be in the wherein such Person shall dwell, in order to fee whether the s thereon or any of them be forced; and that it shall and may ful to and for such Person and Persons so authorised as afore-rith the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, in the iroe to enter into the House or Habitation of such Person or is licensed to fell Stamps, and if on Demand and Notice of Varrant the Door of the House in which such Person shall or any Inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then with the nee, and in the Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to open the same respectively; and in case the said Stamps or them shall appear to be counterfeited or forged, then and in that seize and carry away the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Part United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any of the lions thereto belonging, shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or e to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die, Mark or, to referable any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp at any time here-kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin, for denoting the ng or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matted to be damped, any of the Duties charged thereon by any r Acts which has been or shall be at any time in force in Ire-ilthough such Act or Acts may net be in force, or such Type, dark or Stamp may not be kept br used at the said Head at the time of such forging or counterfeiting; or if any Person Tons save and except such Person or Persons as shall be lawfully d to have and to use the same, for the Purpose of damping Vel-^rchment or Paper, by or under the Authority of the said Com-iers of Stamp Duties for the time being) shall have in his, her r Possession any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp to resemble any Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or used, or hereafter kept or used at the Head Office, for denoting the charging rking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter di-to be damped, any of the Duties so charged or to be charged as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp not be then kept or used at the said Head Office, or the Duty <1 thereby should not be then payable in Ireland; or shall mark or damping >refa, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, on any Paper&c. un-n. Parchment or Paper, or other Matter which heretofore was kwlully; easter shall be directed to be damped, any Device, Mark or flson which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Head aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, ment or Paper, or other Matter or Thing so directed to be ed, any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act of Parlia-which shall be or shall have been in force in Ireland at or before ne when such Mark or Device shall have been so used or kept ? said Head Office, though such Act or Acts may not be in or such Device, Mark or Impression may not be used or kept; said Head Office at the time of such Offence committed; or f Person shall use, utter, vend or sell, or cause to be used,

Af vended or sold, or shall have in his or her Possession with fc to use, utter, vend or sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment spefr, or other Matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or

Impression

or using, or uttering, or having for Sale forged Stamps.

C. i a 6.

A.D. 1812.

or Sfimp Officer* or other Person* stamping Paper, &c. with lawful Dies without Authority of Commissioners.

first Offence. Second Offence.

Licence*

45 G 3. c. 50.

47 O.3. Scff. 2. c 12.

47 0.3.^eflr, x. t3i.

52 GEO. III.

Impression thereupon, to resemble any Device, Mark or LapceSoa which has Keen or shall be used, kept or made at the Held Office aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, though wl then used or kept for the said Purposes, or any of them, or though the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, knowing such Device, Mark or Impression to be counterfeited; or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commissionen of Stamp Duties, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, mirk or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, or be aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or impressing, or in causing or pro-'curing to be marked or impressed, any Stamp, Mark or Impressioa denoting any of the Duties aforesaid, on any Vellum, Parchment or 1 Paper not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the j said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, for the Purpose of being (bmped with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Head Office aforesaid, for the denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper any of the Duties charged or to be charged thereon by any Act of Parliament, though such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp should not be then kept at the said Head Office, or the Duty denoted thereby should not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper so fraudently stamped or marked with any of the aforesaid Duties; then and in every of said cases, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall, for the First of the Offences aforesaid whereof he or she Mbe

convicted, be transported for the Term of Seven Yeare j and for m of the Offences aforesaid which he or she shall commit after such Conviction, shall fuffet* Death as in cases of Felony, without Bea& of Clergy.

XLIII. And, for the better regulating and securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties on the several Licences subject to Stamp Duty, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquon by Retail in Ireland, shall be granted in manner and under the Role* and Regulations prescribed and contained in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liqwi, Iffa, Beery Ale and Cyder, by Retaily and for discouraging toe umdtrMi Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, as the same is amended by 21 Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Luma for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, and by any subsequent Act or Acts in force at the time of the pa&g of this Act, and that all Licences to Persons in Ireland dealing a Exciseable Commodities shall be granted in manner anduwkrtk Rules and Regulations prescribed and contained in an Act ode is the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, iattiiW An Act to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences grantdti Ptr* fans in Ireland, dealing in Exciseable Commodities, as the same u amended by any subsequent Ad in force at the time of the passing of this Act: Provided always, that no Collector of ExciseorTaa

jbll

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 124$.

<$59

hast recehre any Duty payable on such Licences, nor shall receive be Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty; but the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ire-iW, or any One of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by he said Commissioners, or by any Three of them, shall and may and hey are hereby authorised, empowered and required to grant such uiceoces on Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly damped, with the }uty required by Law for any such Licence or Licences respectively,

0 any Person or Persons who shall respectively require the same, rithout Fee or Reward, in such manner and under such Regula-ions as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from me to time order and direct, under or by virtue of the said recited id of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, or any Act or Acts in force

1 Ireland at the time of granting such Licences respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners f Stamp Duties or any One of them, and such Distributors of may grant tamps in Ireland, in their respective Di ft rifts, or such other Per- Licence*.

)n or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall and may under his or their Hand r Hands grant any Licence or Licences on which any Stamp Duty or may be imposed by Law, and which shall not by any Law be quin; d to be granted by any other Person or Persons to any Person or Persons who shall require the same in Writing, and shall be uly qualified for the same; and such Licence shall be granted with-at Fee or Reward, on Payment of the Stamp Duty due thereon; id that in all such Licences shall be contained and set forth the Pur- Particulars of afe of such Licence as herein after mentioned; and also the Name or Lirenccsgranced. fames, and Place or Places of Residence of the Person or Persons > whom such Licence shall be granted, the Date of issuing the line, and the time for which the same shall be in force, in Manner id Form as may be from time to time directed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for that Purpose, and the Place or Places which the Business for which such Licence is granted is to be irried on, so far as the Nature of the Business shall allow it to be mhned to any Place or Places capable at the time of being specified described.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence to be Annual Conti-

anted under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps nuance of

all have force from the Day of granting the same, or from such Licences.

lay subsequent thereto as shall be mentioned in said Licence, unto

id until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the Day

1 which the said Licence shall so begin to have force, and no

nger, unless oth?rwife particularly directed by any Act of Parlia-

eot; but if such Licence shall be granted to Two or more Persons,

id any or either of them shall die before such Twenty fifth Day of

farch next following, nevertheless such Licence shall continue irt

rce for the Benefit of the Survivor or Survivors during the, time

ore [aid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland Unlicensed Pe* ull use, ejtercife or follow any Trade, Business, Occupation or fons exercising 'aUing, on the Licence for the using or exercising whereof a Stamp ^cencau" )uty is imposed, without having previously taken out such Licence ms, cence*' uly damped, and in manner by Law directed; spid that every per- Penalty. m oflmding herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay Gbq. III. U u the

66o

C.li6.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Licences only to extend to Houses mentioned.

Indorsement made on Licence.

the Sum of Forty Pounds, save in such particular cases wherein any other Penalty is or shall be annexed to the said Offence by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence dull at any time be granted by the Authority of the said Comiriffioom of Stamp Duties to any Person or Persons to fell Stamps, or any other Matter or Thing, or to carry on any Trade, Business, Profefimor Calling whatsoever, in any particular House, Place or District oes* tioned in such Licence, such Person or Persons shall not be thereby authorised or entitled to fell such Stamps or other Matter or Thrag, or to carry on such Trade, Business, Profession or Calling in set other House, Place or District, but shall, as to every such other House, Place or District, be considered as unlicensed, and subjecto all Pains and Penalties as such, save as herein otherwise pirticobHy provided.

On Removal of

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Perios Parties licenced, who shall have obtained any such Licence shall be minded to retnew from the Place mentioned in such Licence for carrying on such Bo> ness, and to carry on the same in any other House in the same City, Town or Town Land, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to carry or fend such Licence to the said Commissioners or any of them, or to any Officer or Offices to be by them appointed for that Purpose, or who shall be ectkW to grant such Licence, who shall indorse the same on the said I> cence j and thereupon and from thenceforth such Licence shall be good, valid and effectual, according to the Contents thereof, md the said Indorsement in the same manner to all Intents and Purpcfn, as if such House so indorsed was mentioned in the Body of such Licence for carrying on such Business, and not otherwise; any thag in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise not with Handing.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who bor Licences on un- shall be authorised or empowered to grant or issue any Licence* stamped Paper, which a Stamp Duty is or shall be by Law imposed, shall grant or issue any such Licence on undamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not stamped with the Stisp which is or shall be by Law required, or in any other Manner (t Form than that which shall be required by Law, or directed by dr said Commissioners, every fueli Person shall, for every such Offerer, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, and if Judgment shall be entered against any Person on any Information for such Offence, such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled fro being again appointed thereto.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissiooeri cf Stamp Duties shall cause to be printed or written on every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which shall be damped any of tIt Duties which are or from time to time shall be by Law payable ia respect of any Licence, the Purport of such Licence, and tie tire for which it is to continue, and the Place or Places wherein it is 10 be of force, so far as the same can be dated.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Pedoos shall Printing Prefles. keep any Printing Press, or Types for printing in Ireland^ without fird taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the said Conuaf-doners of Stamp Duties; and that the said Commissioners shall bos time to time under their Hands and Seals grant such Licence for

faejffig

Persons i filling

[Penalty.]

Purpose of Licenre Hated thereon.

Licences for

A.D. 1812.

Ci 25.

551

52 GEO. III.

eepiag Printing Prefles or Types, to such Person or Persons as iali apply for the same, and shall have performed the Requilites hich shall by any Law then in force in Ireland be necessary to be rrformed, previous to the granting thereof, which Licence shall ate the House where such Press or Prestes, or Types, are to be ed; and every Person or Persons who shall keep or use such Press, a Printing Press, or Types for printing, without having obtained ch Licence, or in any other House save the House so mentioned fucfc Licence, shall forfeit such Printing Press and Types, and the Penalty, im of Forty Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall Licence* for in-any time either publicly or privately insure or open or keep any faring from Fir* ffice in Ireland for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Danger* at erchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or for insuring oods, Wares or Merchandizes from the Danger of the Seas, or tier Perils at Sea, without having first taken out, and continuing take out annually a Licence for that Purpose from the said Com-fliooers of Stamp Duties, in manner herein after mentioned, and ring such Licence in force at the time of making such Insurance, opening or keeping such Office.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Licences granted Stamp Duties for the time being, shall under their Hands and Commission-als annually grant a Licence for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, er#0^ Sui*P* ares. Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire; and also r insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Danger of the as, or other Perils at Sea, to all and every Body and Bodies Poli-: k or Corporate, or Person or Persons applying for the same; which icence shall set forth the Name or Names and other Description of*Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons tak-l out the same; and also the House or other Place where such ifiness of insuring from Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the as, or other Perils at Sea, shall at the lime of taking out such eence be principally carried on.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where such Business of Licences to Car-

uring is or shall be carried on by a Company confiding of a greater porations or

linber of Partners than Four, the Licence so to be granted by the Parinwfa>P*

d Commissioners or any of them in manner a/oresaid, shall be

anted to such Two or more of such Company or Partners as and the whole Company or Partnership as shall be named to the

d Commissioners under Authority from such Company or Part-

rship; and in every such case the Licence so granted shall continue

full force for the Benefit of such Company or Partnership, until

e regular time of Expiration thereof herein mentioned, notwithstanding the Deaths of the Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, or of either cr any of them/

LV. And be it further enacted, That all I nfu ranees for insuring infurees made oufes. Furniture, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by in Ireland for ire, or from Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, which British Compa-all be made or effected by any Persons resident in Ireland, and ap-V

oioted by the Corporation of the Royal Exchange A(Turanee in to or by the Corporation of London A durance, or either of icm, pr by any Company in Great Britain for insuring Property,

5 the Agents of such Corporations or Companies respectively, shall: subject and liable only to the Duties which shall from time to thno

Uu; n ke t

66i

C. 12 6.

A.D. 1812.

insurances made in Ireland liable to Irish Duty and Regulation;

British Court* to take judicial Notice of liilh lefurance Umps.

Persons making Insurances not liceuied.

52 GEO. III.

be payable on such Insurances in Ireland', and to no other Dotiet whatsoever, although the Policies by which such Infarraei fluH be made shall be under the Common Seal of the said Corporation* or Companies respectively, and although the same shall be coaphcd in the Whole or in Part previous to their being sent to such Agents is Ireland; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notimb-standing.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances whatewr, for insuring Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, for which Subscriptions shall be recall or Policies or Receipts shall be delivered out, or respecting which any other Matter or Thing shall he done in Ireland, by any Perfai Or Persons who shall act for or on Behalf of any Person or Perfow, cr for or on Behalf of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Grot Britain, shall be liable to all Duties made payable in respect of the several Insurances under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which M from time to time be in force in Ireland, and that all and etrry Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, and every Person or Persons acting in Ireland for or on Be* half of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, who shall effect such Insurances orcanfetk lame to be effected, shall in respect of such Insurances be fubyeft td liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Rest rift ions. Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things as are or shall be contained in wj Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Inlni relating to Insurances by any Person or Persons, or Body or Bo<fie Politic or Corporate, or their Agents, in Ireland.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Jnftkeiai Judges in Great Britain shall, without Allegation or Proof ra tba Behalf, take judicial Notice of the several Types Marks and Stirapi which shall from time to time be kept or used at the said HeadOfict in Dublin, for damping or marking such Insurance or wherewith tb? same may or ought to be stamped, as and for the only true and lari*! Types, Marks and Stamps for the said Purpose, and that no fori Insurance shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleaded or giro a received in Evidence in any Court in Great Britain, oradowtudia any Court in Great Britain to be good or available iu Law or EqokT, unless the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the flame (bail he so written or printed shall be duly stamped.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Poke and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now do Or hereafter shall insure or let up or keep in Ireland any dice for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or for insuring Goods Wares or Mtr-chandize from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, without such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or# Place cterpt the House or Place to be named in such Licence as aforeibit or such other House or Houses, Place or Places as shall be subordaate to the House or Place so to be named in such Licence, nnd he kept by some Person or Persons employed as Agent or Agents to such Body dr Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons baling such Licence as aforesaid, or in atiy other manner enr-trary to fkli Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any Ad if Acts which may from time to itme be i: i force in Ireland rdaiqga

k

8ri.

Cl2(S.

52 GEO. III.

[e to th* Collection or Regulation of Stamp Duties, shall or every Day on which such Offence shall be committed the Forty Pounds, and also Double the Amount of the Premiums Penalty, liuixi of Insurance which such Body or Bodies Politic or Cor-or other Person or Persons shall receive on any such Day in ouse or Place.

And, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds to evade Agent* to us-ty on Insurance against Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of licensed Person*. s, or other Perils at Sea, be it further enacted, That if any >r Persons shall act in Ireland as Agent or Agents for any or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in publicly1 tely insuring, or receiving Subscriptions for insuring, or deb-Mit Policies or Receipts for Insurance from Loss by Fire, or i Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, except for such >r Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as shall be ?nfed as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds. Penalty.

And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Bond by Person* Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such l, confc^10>-as aforesaid shall be granted, shall at the time of receiving ure*

: ence give such Security with sufficient Sureties to be ap->f by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by Bond to efty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sums respectively as Commissioners may think reasonable, having relped to the Amount of the Duty payable by such Body or Bodies Po-"orporate, or Person or Persons respectively for Half a Year, ndition that if such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies r Corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign and deliver aa: of all Monies received for such Duties upon Insurances, and truly make Payment of all such Sums of Money as shall nd payable thereon, in such manner as shall from time to time cd by Law, and also do and shall truly and faithfully observe brm all the Directions, Matters and Things then by Law, on his, her or their Behalf to be observed and performed, id shall be void, but otherwise shall remain in full force.

And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Duty demand Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so to be licensed,

I grant any Policy of Insurance for insuring Property from ance,

Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at shall continue to insure on any Policy, shall by themselves,

3ther Person or Persons as are, is, or shall be employed by or lem previous to the granting or continuing such Policy of e, demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, Jiis Heiip cessors, of and from the Person or Persons for or on Behalf n such Insurance shall be so effected, or his, her or their >r Agents, the Duty which shall be then by Law payable of so ranee, and such insurer shall give a Receipt for the Duty Receipt, expressing the Period for which the same was so paid, and rfon or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate (p \ such Policy, shall in all cases be accountable to His, his Heirs and Successors for said Duty, as if the same ally been so veceiwd.

1. Aml.be it further enacted, That bo Policy <rf Insurance Ships infuad ay Ship, or upon any Share or Iitfcreft therein, shall be f<* 1* Mentha.

V 3 wade

664 C.I26.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

InCurtnce Cor.

[Penalty.]

made in Ireland for a certain Term longer than Tweto Calendar Months, and every Policy which shall be made expreWv for aoy longer Term shall be null and void to all Intents and

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every ^odf portions, &c. to and Bodies Politic and Corporate, or other Person or who

of InsurancULtS ^iave ^ta"1c^ a Licence for any Office of Insurance, or who

urances* receive or take any Premium for Infuiance against Lois by

Fire, or the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Set, lhaB 6m time to time keep true and faithful Accounts in Writing, of the Number of every such Policy or Instrument of Insurance which ta2 be issued or granted or continued by such Body or Bodies PoSdc or Corporate, or Person or Persons, as also of the Name or Nje of the Person or Persons insuring, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, the Sum injured, and the time for which the same shall be so insured, and also the Day of the Month and Yar in which every such Policy shall be issued, upon Pain of forfeiting for not keeping such Accounts, or for wilfully making any false Estry therein, or omitting therefrom any Entry which ought to be contained therein, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; which Accounts shall at all times be open for the Inspection of any Person or Ptr-foits duly authorised under the Hands and Seals or under the Hi and Seal of One or more of the said Commissioners of Starfip Dutb to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; ami if any Person who . shall have any such Account in his or her Power or Custody, (hill

not on Demand produce the same, without Fee or Reward, to 27 Person so authorised, every such Person shall, for every such Ofence, Penalty. forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Accounts de-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Body liyered to Stamp an(j Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Person and Wort, 'vnn"t wh0 have any Licence for any Infqrance Office in IrehitH, (tail

from time to time within the Space of Two Months after ever? Twenty fourth Day of June, Twenty ninth Day of Seftmh* Twenty fifth Day of December, and Twenty fifth Day of Mtr& and also at such other time and times as they shall by Fourteen Day* previous Notice in Writing be required by the said Commiflfown of Stamp Duties, or any of them, deliver or cause to be delivered troe Copies of the Accounts hereinbefore directed to be kept by such licensed Insurance. Office or Offices, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or such other licensed Person or Persons respectively fw the Quarter which shall have been completed next before such Date?

Delivery or Notice, as the case shall be, and at the same time fia2 pay all such Sum and Sums as shall appear to be due on such Accounts, every such Delivery and Payment to be made as fo&ff respectively; that is to say, if the House named in the Lferflct of such Body or Bodies Politic or Coiyorate, or Person or Persons fa conducting the Business of such Insurance shall be in the Coautyof Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then such Accounts &D be so delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be appofefed to receive the same at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and such ftprot shall be made to the Receiver General for the time being, for rcceir* ing the said Duties, at the said Office; and if such House shall ben any other Part of Ireland, then such Accounts shall be furnift^ and such Payments made to the Distributor or Distributora of & Piftrict in which such House shall be, or the ferfoa or Pflfc.

appoisU'i

v

Commissioners and Duty paid quarterly.

A.D. 1812.

C. 26.

66s

GEO. III.

ppointed by the said Commissioners to act as Distributor or Distri-utors for the said District, upon Pain of forfeiting for every De-luit in not delivering such Copies of the said Accounts as afore-dd, the Sum of Forty Pounds, and for every Default in not paying Penalty.

\c Money due on the said Accounts as aforesaid, Double the Amount f the said Monies due on the said Accounts respectively at the time f such Default.

JLXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Allowance to ^ersons, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, so to be licensed as afore- I"^'rers aid respectively, shall be entitled to retain for their own Use, for Accoum*' c* heir, Care anti Trouble in receiving the said Duties and making out uch Accounts as herein directed, after the Rate of One Shilling n the Pound out of the Monies by them accounted for and paid o the Receiver General or Distributors, or Persons acting as such efpeclively, according to the Directions herein contained.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Instrument, Policy offn-Mote or Memorandum, Letter, Muniment or Writing, for the Pay- furanctdefined, aent of any Sum of Money, or for making any valuable Compenfa-lion for or on the Loss of any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Monies or Effects, or upon any Loss by Fire, or from any Loss whatsoever from the Danger of the Sea, or other Perils at Sea, shall be con-Urued, deemed and adjudged to be a Policy of Insurance within the Meaning of this Act, and of all Acts by which any Duty has been or shall or may be hereafter imposed on such Policies of Insurance, unless the contrary shall be expressly provided.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Licences to No-of Stamp Duties for the time being nrjay, under their Hands and taries Public. Seals, grant a Licence to any Person to enable him to act; as a Public Notary, and that no Person shall act as a Public Notary ip Ireland without having obtained such Licence for, that Purpose; and that any such Person who shall act as a Public Notary in Ireland without having obtained such Licence, shall, for every such 0(Fence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; provided however, that such Licence Penalty.

shall not authorize or empower any Person to act as such Notary Public, who shall not be duly authorised and empowered so to do.

1 LXVUE And whereas it hath been the Ctiftom for Fublic

Notaries to note Bills of Exchange fjr Non Payment or Non Ac- ceptance, and Promissory Notes for Non Payment, and not to

protest the same respectively in proper Form of Law, by which the Payment of the Duties upon fuel) noting or notarial Acts has

been or may be evaded For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, Notarial to keep

That every Public Notary in Ireland shall once in every Two Months Accounts of

deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamp

Duties in Ireland', at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to some Person pJoleiuJ Q

authorised by them, or any One of them, to receive the same there,

a faithful and true Account in Writing and upon Oath before the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, if such Notary shall reside in the County of Dublin., or County of the City of Dublin, or before a Juf- '

lice of the Peace if be shall reside in any other Part of Ireland, of such Bills of Exchange and Notes as aforesaid, which shall have been

noted by such Public Notary since the lad preceding Account so

delivered by the said Notary, or if no such Account shall have beei\

so delivered by him, then since the obtaining of his Licence, and shall

at the Line time pay unto, the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties

666

C.tz6.

LS.iln

Pewky.

Proof of Licence to lie on Party.

Law Sumps.

5 2* Geo. in.

the Duty which would then by Law be payable fororkt^l&d every such Bill of Exchange or Note if protested; and k Public Notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or t Duties aforesaid, every such Public Notar}' shall for every i gleet or Default in delivering a true Account of such do the Sum of Five hundred Pounds fdr every Default of I the Money due on such Account, and Double the Amove t Money due on such Account at the time of such Default.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any] tion or Proceeding shall be had or commenced a gain any for carrying on any Trade, Business, Profession or Calling, erd any Matter or Thing without having a Licence for o doing I the Commissioners or Stamp Duties m manner required by Ln, 1 Proof that such Person has obtained such Licence duly f lie on the Party against whom such Prosecution or Pr be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining; any 1 or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And, for the better securing the Payment of the I Duties payable by Attornies, Solicitors and Pro&ora, and a ceedings in Courts of Justice in Ireland* be it enacted, Thai, I and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person to be f or admitted an Attorney in any of His Majesty's Courts of Lao,] any Court of Record whatsoever in Ireland, or a Solicitor i Court of Chancery in Ireland, shall, previous to such Adaufioal such Court, produce to the proper Officer to whom he shall aa' be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of some Person appointed for that pose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the^ being, dating that such Person has paid such Duty as shall I by Law payable on such Admiflkm, and dating the Amount t which Certificate shall be lodged with such Officer of evervt into which he shall he admitted, and shall remain in his Culc ' be examined by the said Commissioners, or any of them, or I _ Officer by them appointed for that Purpose, at any time they < shall think fit, and that every Person who shall be bound a prentice to an Attorney in IreUndt shall aKo obtain a written ( tlficate from some Person appointed for that Purpose by the I Commissioners of his having paid the Duty which shall be by 1 payable on such Indentures of Apprenticeship, at the time dFk ci!ting the same, which Certificate shall be lodged whh the pal Officer of the Court m which such Indentures shall be inrolkd| of the Court or One of the Courts to which the Mailer of I Apprentice shall belong; and the Officer or Officers of such ( is and are hereby required to take Charge of and keep fifdi C cate, so that the same may and shall be produced and read is I Court before the Adraiflion of such Person to be an Atto produced to a Mailer of the Court of Chancery in Ireland* i he shall be admitted and sworn a Solicitor as aforesaid; and f1 Person shall be capable of practising as an Attorney or spedlively in Ireland, unless he shall have paid the Stamp Stamp Duties, if any, which have been or shall be by Law by him when bound an Apprentice, and when admitted asJ or Solicitor, at or previous to the time of his being idmfttrft 1 Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid.

LXXI.A4

1811.

Geo. nr.

C.i 26.

#S7

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney (halt prac- Attornie* not to his own Name, or in the Name of any other Attorney in any Pra^'re excePl

Majesty's Courts of Law, or in any Court of Record what- whcrt

in Ireland, in which Attornies are admitted, except only in 2<mrt or Courts in which he shall actually have been admitted rom an Attorney, on Pain of the Person so practising being ed incapable of being fvfrorn or practising as an Attorney or for in any Court ih Ireland; and every Attorney who shall so fe in any Court in which he shall not have been admitted and an Attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the Costs of oceedings carried on by him in any Court.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, ArtnudOenifi* enrolled or registered as a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a

r, Agent or Procurator in any of His Majesty's Courts in tttWa>*

or tu any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty and, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, shall ly before the First Day of January, during such time as he antrnoe to practise in any of the said Courts, or if not before d Day, then before such Person shall commence, carry on or any Action or Suit, or any other Proceeding whatsoever m F the said Courts, deliver or cause to be delivered to^the said issioners of Stamp Duties, or to any Officer or Officers ap-d by them for that Purpose, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, cror Note in Writing, containing the Name and usual Place jdence of such Person, and stating whether he has been so ed Three Years or not, and thereupon, and upon Payment of utics which shall then be by Law imposed on him as such or, Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, according to the e has been admitted, as dated in such Paper or Note in Writ-very such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly damped, ote the Payment of the said Duty by him, describing him in Certificate according to the Description contained in the said so given in by him, which Certificate the said Commissioners, b Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that fir, shall cause to be immediately issued Under the Hand and of the proper Officer, in such Manner and Form as the said tissioners shall devise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate Certificate* hi to any Solicitor or Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, force to ift the Directions of this Act, shall bear Date on the Day onanuafy

the same shall be issued, and shall commence and be of force from the Day of issuing the same, or on and from the First if January next following, according as the Person obtaining ate shall desire \ and every such Certificate shall cease and detfcr-on the First Day of January next after the Day on which the shall so commence and be of force.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate so to Entry of Cert*

tamed as aforesaid shall be produced in One of the Courts m on Rolb.

t the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn Court*

jittered, to some Officer or Officers of the said Coart, to be

ated for that Purpose by the Judges of the find Courts respec-

f, either before the First Day of Hilary Term in each Year, or

erthe said First Day of Hilary Term, then before such Atton-

C.I26.

A.D. 1812.

668

52 GEO. III.

Atomics practising without Cpriiticate.

Penalty*

FilingWarrants of Attorney to appear.

[Penalty.]

Filing Warranti in Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts.

rey, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator shall be permitted to practise as aforesaid; and every such Officer so to be appointed shall and he is hereby required from time to time upon the Production of such Certificate duly ilamped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to enter in its Order alphabetically the Name of the Person described in such Certificate, together with the Place of fodi his Residence, and the time he has been admitted as aforesaid, and the Date of such Certificate, in a Book or Roll to be prepared for that Purpose, to all which Books or Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at all seasonable times have free Access without Fee or Reward.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the bid Fird Day of Hilary Term in each Year, any Person who shall in h: i own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, foe cm any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on or defend aor Action or Suit, or any Proceedings as an Attorney or Solicitor, Prodtor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts aforesaid, without having obtained such Certificate which shall be then in force, and caused the Matters therein dated to be entered in One of the Courts in such manner as hereinbefore is directed, or shall deliver ia to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer to be appointed by them for the Purpose of issuing, granting or regiflcritg such Certificate, any false or fictitious Place of Residence, or aiy false or fictitious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Prodtor, Agent or Procurator, or of the time when he shall have been/o admitted, every such Person for every such Q&rjct shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall hr and is hereby made incapable to piaintain or prosecute any A&ioo c: Suit in any Court of Law or Equity for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Disbursement on account of prosecuting, carrying os or defending any such Action, Suit or Proceeding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Declaration, Plea or Demurrer in any Action or Suit at Law in any of His Majesty*! Courts of Record in Ireland, nor any Bill or Answer, Plea or Demurrer in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall be received or filed, unless the Attorney or Solicitor tendering the same to be filed shall, at or before the time he shall so tender the same to the Officer of the Court with whom the same ought to be filed, deposit with such Office: the Warrant empowering him to prosecute or defend such Suit or Action, which Warrant such Officer shall without Fee or Reward file and keep in his Office; and if any Officer of any such Court dull receive any of such Pleadings without such Warrant having been so deposited with him, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds with Cods of Suit, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's superior Courts in Dulla.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Monition, ocr any Process or Mandate to require the Appearance of any Person or Persons whatsoever, in any Suit, shall issue or pass the Seal of any Ecclesiastical Court, or of the Court of Admiralty in Irdaul, oor shall any Appearance be received or entered in any Suit in my of the said Courts, unless and until the Prodtor who shall issue fudi Prccefs or Mandate, or who shall enter such Appearance, shall have first filed, or cause to i>e filed with the proper Officer of the Court who shall issue such Process or Mandate, or shall enter or file such Appearance

7 a Warn:

A.D. 1811/ 5*r GEO. III. 669

a Warrant of Attorney duly damped from the Perfoti or Persons at whose Suit or on whose Behalf such Process or Mandate shall so issue, or such Appearance shall be entered, empowering such Prodtor to issue such Process or Mandate, or to enter such Appearance, as the case may be.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Proviso in cast Party by whom any such Warrant of Attorney ought to be executed jJAhfcnee of shall be out of Ireland, the Attorney, Solicitor or Prodlor so prosecut- ^, eQ* ing or defending the same, shall be received so to prosecute or defend the same, in all cases in which he would be so received if this Act had not paHed, but not otherwise, on his making an Affidavit before the proper Officer, which said Officer is hereby empowered to administer, that his Client is out of Ireland as he verily believes, and on paying the Duty which shall be then payable on such Warrants of Attorney respectively, of which the said Officer is hereby directed to keep an Account, as he is also required to pay over the same to the proper Officer for receiving Stamp Duties.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Exception atto contained shall extend to oblige any Attorney to enter or file a War- Judgments by rant of Attorney in any Proceeding to Judgment by Cognovit Cqg"ori*f*v ylQionem dn any Bond or Bill* or on entering Satisfaction on any Judgment or Recognizance.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, or Attemie*, &c. Solicitor, or any Proctor in any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court not P*yin8. of Ireland, shall charge to Or receive from the Plantiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant in any Suit, or any other Person what- r*e soever, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and shall not have actually made use of or issued or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process,

Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Indnpxient or Proceeding for which such Charge shall be made, or such Amount shall be received, duly damped with the Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time of so uiing, issuing or filing the same, such Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hun- Penalty, dred Pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further entded, That where any Bill of Charge by Skin Cods in any of His Maiedy's Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in for Jiquity Ireland, in which there shall be any Charge or Charges for drawing P, ^dinss or for engrossing on Parchment any Bills, Answers or other Equity^if s!ra vu* Pleadings, in the said Courts respectively, which shall be engrossed and Cofb taxed pr written, or filed in either of the said Courts, shall be taxed, the in Chancery Officer who shall tax such Bill of Cods shall tax the Charges for accordingly, drawing and engrossing such Bills, Answers and other Pleadings respectively so as not to exceed the usual Charge by the Skin, according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing on such Pleading; and such Officer if the Bill of Cods to be taxed be in a Cause in the Court of Chancery, shall signify at the Foot of such Bill of Cods* that the Number and Amount ot Stamps appearing on the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by toe Mader or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery or uis Deputy; and if such Bill of Cods be in a Cause in the Court of Exchequer, the Officer who shall tax the same shall signify at the Foot of Inch Bill that he* hath inspected the Ingrossment of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Cods; and in case such Officer fespectively who shall tax such Billqf Coffs as ^fojesaid, shall neglefh'or

A.D. 1812.

[Penalty.]

Mdter,c.

[Penalty.]

If Two Skint in the Whole.

Charge on Copie* of Affidavits

[Penalty.]

AfSrfartM damyed on each Side.

Transciipts of Record* in lix-chequer Chamber.

Records &c. written in uiual way.

C. 12 6. 52 GEO. III.

or refute to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for such Certificate m aforesaid, or to inspect the Engrossment of the Pleadings notaaed in such Bill of Cods, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the Chargafor drawing or engrossing such Bills, Answers or other Pleading! in manner hereinbefore directed, every such Officer so neglecting or refuting respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit' for every such Nejpeft or Refusal the Sum of Ter. Pounds; and in case the Matter, or Keeper or Keepers of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or hh or their Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to inspect and certify the Non-ber and Amount of Stamps appearing on every such Pleadings! aforesaid to the proper Officer of such Court, upon being applied to by him for that Purpose, such Matter, or Keeper or Keepers of tke Rolls, or his or their Deputy, shall, for every such Neglect or Rcfufil forfeit in like manner t!>e Sum of Ten Pounds; which said (even! Forfeitures, together with the Costs of recovering the same, AoH be enforced in a summary way upon Motion by Order of the said Court of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint made to them respectively against any Officer who shall be guilty of any such Neglettor Refusal, and shall enure to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sncoe&n.

LXXXII. Provided always, That nothing hi this Act contriwd shall extend or be construed to extend to the Charge to be made for engrossing any Bill, Answer or other Pleading in Equity, the whole Contents t f which shall not amount to the Number of Two thoo&ad one hundred and sixty Words.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of every Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatever in IreUmdy ffistt be engrossed or written in such manner as that the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper shall not be deeaed more than One Sheet, according to the manner in which the Often* of the Courts in which such Affidavit shall be respectively filed, chap by the Sheet for such Affidavit; and if any Officer of any Court feB charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained m any Ok Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Copy of such Affidavit shall be written, more than the Fees to which he should be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Course of the Court in which such Affidavit shall be filed, be shall for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, with Treble Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fane.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where more tks One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper shall be Ramped or asked with the Duties which shall then be by Law charged on Paps 00 which such Copy of an Affidavit shall be written, each Side or frge so marked or stamped shall be deemed a separate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of every Ad by which any Stamp Duty has been orfball be imposed, adds the contrary shall be expressly declared.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Record ur Transcript of Records to be brought into the present Court of Exchequer Chamber in I/'eiand, shall, when copied for the Ja^ges or others, be copied in like manner as in the former Court of qrter Chamber in IrelandL

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That aS Records, Writs, Pleadings nd other Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Eqrifcy, sod Ecclesiastical Courts, Courts of AricmrJtt y, wad oil other Conns

id

fcL

12*

C. 126.

52 GEO. III.

671

and all Office Copies thereof respectively, which shall from wne be charged with any Stamp Duty, shall be engrossed or n such manner as they usually have been accustomed to be (ave as herein otherwise mentioned, or as shall be provided by which may hereafter be passed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every attested Copy Attefked Copies Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or Depcfition or Depofi- of Dep^ition*. the Court et Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court &c* m "I01*?* equer, shall be signed by the Examiners of the said Courts

ely, and every such Examiner shall (late and appoint in Writ-; e Foot of every such atteded Copy, whether the same is to by or on the Part of any Complainant or Plaintiff, or by or 'art of any Defendant in the Suit in which such Inteiroga-Depositions shall have been taken; and it shall not be lawfuluch Complainant or Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any any such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so d to be read on Behalf of any Defendant in such Suit, nor Defendant to read or give in Evidence any such Copy which so appointed to be read on Behalf of the Complainant, unless respectively shall be doubly damped; any Law, Usage or to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Number of

of any Court of Law or Equity, in Ireland, shall make out S*1*15 mvksd

'.r any attested Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of any

or Kind whatever in such Court, such Officer (hast, in the

which Entry shall be made of any such Pleading or Proceed-

k in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such

tall conM, and shall in like manner mark on the Back of

ch Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or Signing Writs longing or that shall hereafter belong to the Court of King's ArrestL Court of Common Pleas, or Law Side of the Court of Exin Ireland, who shall (ign any Writ or Process before Judg-

arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall at the time of thereof set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and signkg the same, which shall be entered upon the Remem-loH, or in the Book wherein the Abstra& of such Writ or shall he entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Pwhy. f Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk as aforesaid.

And, for the more conveniently ascertaining the Duties on nd Orders to be from time to time made and given in Causes ig in the several Courts in Ireland, the Rules of which are from time to time he subject to any Stamp Duty, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Stamping Rule of each and every such Court respectively, having the legal Books of Courts, of the Rule Books belonging thereto respectively, within y after the la ft Day of each and every Term, to produce ig such Rule Books to the proper Officer, to be appointed laid Commissionera of Stamp Duties for that Purpose at the if the said Commissioners ia Dublin; and such Officer or Offi-ll insert in each and every such Rule Book, immediately after Rule entered therein, at the time of producing the same, a ate duly signed by such Officer or Ofheers of the said Courts vely, dating the Number of Rules and Orders of such Courts

6-jl

C. 26.

A.D. 1812.

jij GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

Stamp* on Precedes to enforce Appearance.

[Penalty.]

Scamping Judgments by Cognovit or other-vile.

Penalty,

respectively made or entered in such Rule Books in such preceding Term and Vacation 5 and such Officer or Officers shall thereupon py the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Lav payable for or in respect of such Rules or Orders respectively, sad the said Rule Books shall thereupon be stamped with (otne Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whole of the Stamp Duties, which shall be then payable in respect of the federal Rules so made, and entered in such preceding Term or Vacation, which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as shall be requisite to shew the Amount of Duty so paid in Pounds, Shillings and Pence, and fha& be placed in the lame Page on which the Certificate of such Ofkxr or Officers shall be written as aforesaid 5 and if any Officer of for of the said Courts shall negledfc or omit to bring such Rule Book or Rule Books, or to furnish such Certificate or Certificates, or ptf such Duties as aforesaid, then and in every such case, every (och Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Poundt, and in such case, whenever afterwards such Book shall be pnxfoced at the said Stamp Office, if such Certificate shall not appear therein, the proper Officer at the said Office shall himself make the said Cm tificate, and on Payment of the Duties appearing thereby to be due, the said Book shall be duly stamped as aforesaid.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That all Prooefs which shaft be entered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearancei of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity ii Ireland, or to enforce the Answer or Answers of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall be engrofledaad made out upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with the Duty which shall be then payable upon such Process; and in case the Officer or Officers who shall enter or cause such Process to be entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have such Process made out as afore* foid, he and they shall for every such Neglect forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, which Stun fa! be enforced in a summary way upon Motion, by Order of the Coort in which such Process shall be entered, together with the Cods of so recovering the same.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of the Stamp Duty on all Judgments shall be denoted in manner here following respectively; that is to say, the Payment of the Duty which m from time to time be payable on Judgments upon Cognovit AB'ma shall be denoted by the proper Stamp for every such Judgment it-spectively being stamped on such Cognovit, and the Payment of the Duty which shall from time to time be payable on all other Judgments whatsoever in Ireland, shall be denoted in manner following; that is to say, a small Piece or Bit of Parchment whereon iluObt written the Title of the Cause and the Day of marking Judgment therein shall be stamped with the proper Stamp for every such Judgment respectively, and such Piece of Parchment so stamped shall be filed in the proper Court on the File of the Pleadings thereof, ad thereupon every such Judgment shall be deemed and taken to be duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and any Officer or Officers who shall negle6\ or omit to obtain such Piece ot Parchment properly stamped for any such Judgment, and to file the same as aforesaid, shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 126.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the proper Officer of the Court on receiving from the Person bringing any such Cognovit the Amount of the Stamp Duty payable thereon, shall and may receive and file the same as if damped, and shall within One Calendar Month next after such filing bring or fend the said Cognovit and the Amount of said Duty to the Head Office in Dublin to be damped, and thereupon such Cognovit shall and may be damped with the proper Stamp within One Calendar Month next after the same shall have been 10 filed, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum Cave only the said Duty so payable thereon, but no Discount shall be allowed thereon; and every Person concerned in the engrossing, signing or filing the same, shall be exempt from all Penalties on account thereof 5 and if any such Officer shall neglect or omit to bring or fend such Cognovit and the Amount of such Doty to the Head Office in Dublin, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have been so filed, he shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That a Book shall be kept in every Court in Ireland by the proper Officer for marking Judgments therein, in which Book shall be entered within Seven Days next after the marking of any Judgment which shall be marked in such Court after that time, a Minute or Memorandum of the Entry of such Judgment, dating the Names of the Parties in the Cause, and the Day of the marking of such Judgment, and also the Day of making such Entry, and whether the said Judgment was duly damped as aforesaid or not, and such Entry or a Copy thereof duly atteded and compared, or any such Entry which before the Expiration of the said Period of One Calendar Month shall have been duly made in like manner under any Law then in force, or such Copy thereof, shall be taken as Evidence that such Judgment was duly damped or the contrary, at the time of making such Entiy; and if any such Officer shall omit to keep such Book or to make such Entry therein relative to any such Judgment, within the said Period of Seven Days after marking the same respectively, or shall make any such Entry falsely, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That no atteded Copy of any final Judgment which shall be entered in Ireland, shall be given or Teccived in Evidence, unless the Officer atteding the same shall certify not only that the same is a true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been duly damped as aforesaid respectively; and if any Officer shall certify the same falsely, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be arreded by virtue of any Writ or Process of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin at the Suit of any Common Person, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Person against whom such Writ or Process shall issue, and the Sheriff or other Officer at the Requed and Cod of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, shall duly assign to the Plantiff in such Action or Suit the Bail Bond or other Security taken from such Bail by Endorsen^ent according to Law, and aHb when and so often as it shall becomb necessary for any Shc-rifforother Officer in Ireland, having Authority tQ grant Replevins,

to

*73

One Month allowed for Judgments by Cognovit not damped.

[Penalty.]

Book for entertaining Memorandum of marking Judgments by Officer.

Penalty. Certificate of Judgments damped.

Penalty. Stamping Assignment of Bail Bonds after Execution thereol.

A.D. 1812.

Affidavits for grounding Presentments.

Stamping Ad-missiona into Corporations.

[Penalty.]

tfpeftion of o'pornte Books 1 Stamp Hiceis.

5^ Geo. in.

to assign apy Bail Bond of aoy Plaintiff in Replevin to the AffnvaoC or Defendant in such A&km, then and in every of the said case* such Assignment may be made without any Stamp; provided however that no Action shall be brought under any such AfEgmseot tmtil the same shall have been first duly stamped with such Stamp a shall be then by Law required for such Assignment; and the said fcvoil Alignments shall on Application at the Head Office in D*i&s, at any time before any Action be brought thereon.be duly Ramped k such manner as shall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum save only the Duty which shall be then payable thereon*

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit made (or the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grad Jury for raising Money for Repair of Roads or for any other public Purpose shall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of aay Grand Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor shall any such Affidavit be delivered by him to, or laid by him before any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shaft be written on Paper damped with the Stamp which shall be the* by Law required for the same, nor shall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money presented by any Grand Jury to be laid before toy Grand Jury by the Secretary be read in Court, or authorize the Court to discharge any Quere, unless it shall be written on Paper duly damped.

XCVIII. And whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties impose!

' on the Admission of Freemen and others into Corporations, Gaddi*or Companies in Ireland has been and may be evaded; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company in Ireland which (haO admit any Pet ion or Persons into any such Corporation, Guild or Company by themselves, or by some Person or Persons employed by such Corporation, Guild or Company, and they are hereby require! previously to the Admission of any such Person into such Corporaboi or Company, to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person so admitted, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admission of (ach Person into such Corporation, Guild or Company 5 and the Towt Clerk, or Clerk or other Officer of such Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation or Company, shall make an Entry, Minute or Memo, randum of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp, in some Book, Roll or Record of such Corporation or Company, within One Month after such Person shall be so admitted into such Corporation or Company; and if such Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Corporation, Guild or Company shall be answerable for all such Duties, without any Proof of the same having been so received, or whether the (any* rdpedwefy shall have been so received or not.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That any and crery Tnta Clerk, Clerk or other Officer who shall from time to time hare in his Custody any Public Book, File, Record, Remembrance, Docket or Proceeding, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the feett* ring -any of His Majesty's Stamp Duties, which now are or (b*U

at

5a0 GEO. III.

Ci 2 6.

67J

ime be by Law payable in Ireland, or to the Proof or Dif-F any Fraud or Omission in relation thereto, or to any of all at all seasonable times permit any Officer or Person > authorised by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any them, to inspect and view all such Books, Files, Records, ranees. Dockets and Proceedings as aforesaid, without Fee rd, and to take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as leceflaiy for the Purposes last mentioned, without tee or i and if any Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer shall refuse I so to do upon Demand made by such Officer or Person ized as aforesaid, such Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer ig or neglecting, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, id pay the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty,

id, for the better securing the Payment of Stamp Duties Bills, Notes and Notes and Receipts by Bankers and others in Ireland, be it R*ece, i, ts*

That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the 1m for which any Receipt shall be given in Ireland shall be pressed in such Receipt, unless the same shall have the Stamp eceipt in full of all Demands5 and all Persons who shall ause to be given in Ireland any Receipt or other Discharge a less Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually received,

Intent to evade any of the Duties which shall be then pay-ueh Receipt or Discharge, or shall divide or cause to be di-e Sum actually paid into divers Receipts, or shall by any Acknowledgement or Use of the Words u Settled'9 or*or " By Caffi" or u Entered, " or by such like or any other r Words, or by any Signature or Initials, or by any other Letters or Marks intended to answer the Purposes of a Re-r to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought to be s been paid, or by any means endeavour to evade any of the rhich shall be then payable on Receipts, or be guilty of or id in any fraudulent Contrivance whatever to evade any of the ics, such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty,

kud Be it enacted, That no Receipt shall be received in Evi- Receipts not a Discharge, or as any Proof of the Payment of any Sum in full illy expressed and specified therein, unless such Receipt shall proper Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands.

And be it further enacted, That all Duties which shall at Duty on Not^t be charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts, and Rc*ce.'Pts W Receipts, shall unless otherwise expressly provided, be whom P4* the Person or Persons giving the same respectively: Prows, that if any Person shall on paying any Sum of Money Receipt in full of all Demands, the Person so requiring the be liable so pay to the Person giving the same the Dif-any) between the Duty payable in respect of the Sum soand a Receipt in full of all Demands: Provided also.

Receipt or other Discharge given by any Officer of the >n Paymynt of Money for or on account of any Duty on Houses in respect of Hearths or Windows, or on Coaches J

Carnages, or on Horses, or on Male Servants, shall be ' printed*, or written and printed on the proper Receipt ttrding to the Amount of the Sum to be paid; and that '*Q. III. X x the

6j6

C. 12 6.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Receipt Sump tendered as Part of Money paid.

Refuting to give Receipt.

[Penalty.]

Clerk sign'ing Receipts un-stamped.

Penalty*

Specific Stamps required for Bank and Bankers Notes.

the Duty on every such Receipt shall be paid by the Person to whom such Receipts shall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

CUT. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have Occasion to pay any Sum of Money to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether for hndelf, herself or themselves, or for any other Person or Persons whoever, to bring and tender as Part of the Sum so to be paid, a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of sufficient Size, and duly stamped with the proper Stamp denoting the Duty payable on a Receipt far such Sum, and to require a Receipt thereon, or on some other Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly stamped; and thereupon tie said Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper so tendered shall be received in the Payment of such Sum as if the same were lawful Money to {he Amount of such Duty, and the same shall be a good Tender to that Amount.

CIV. And be it enacted, That every Person receiving Payment in Ireland, either by Money, or by any Bill or Bills, Draft or Drafts, Cheque or Cheques, Note or Notes, or other Security or Securities for Money, who shall, upon Demand* refuse to give a Receipt for the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Cv. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Inland h the Employment of another or others shall, for the Use of his Employer or Employers, whether in the Name or Names of such Employer or Employers, or in his own or any other Name, give Receipt or other Discharge, in which a less Sum (haD be exi than the Sum actually received, either in Cash, or by any 0 Draft, Bill, Note or other Security for Money, with an latest to evade any of the Stamp Duties which shallbetnen payable, or diriir the Sum actually paid as a fore said into divers Receipts, or by soy general Acknowledgment or Use of the Words " Settled, "*" Paid, " or " Entered, " or " By Cash, " or such like or inycdw Word or Words, or by any Signature or Initials, or by any otkr Words, Letters or Marks intended to answer the Purposes of a Receipt, or to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought tt be given has been paid, or by any means endeavour to evade lay of the said Duties, or be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Cos-trivance to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of asyrf the said Duties, such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offepee, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and such AAcf such Person or Persons so offending shall, as to all pecuniary Fealties to which such Matter shall be subject under this or any other Act of Parliament, be considered as the Act of the Person or Persons in whose Employment the Person so offending shall be, and the Oak or other Person so committing any of the Offences bereinbdMw motioned, upon being convictea thereof, shall be deemed gn*y of Misdemeanour, and be punched by Fine and Imprisonment, aid otl, Corporal Punishment, or any One or Two of the said Modes, at tl Discretion of the Court before whom he or she shall be tried.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That separate and distinct Stamji and Marks shall be kept at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the Stamp Duties, which shall from time to time be payable on ant - ' Bank of Ireland, or ofarf

Bank Notes or Bank Post Bills of the private Bank or Banks whatsoever.

CVII. As*

C.I26.

52 GEO. III.

*77

[I. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Notes and Bank Composition for ills which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the ^jamPs Ireland shall be exempt from the Stamp Duties which may oHreland  me to time be charged thereon respectively (unless otherwise I7 provided in the Act or Acts charging the lame) from every y fifth Day of March for One whole Year next following, rd the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall on the wenty fifth Day of March respectively have paid into His jr'sTreasury in Ireland, such Sum of Money as shall have om time to time agreed upon by and between the said Go-and Company and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or mmissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer wdf as a Compensation Tor and to be in lieu of and in full Sain for all Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to d by the said Bank during the Year next ensuing respectively; t any such Composition heretofore made shall be in force ac-to the Terms thereof, as if this Act had not passed.

II. And be it enacted, That although any Bank or Bankers Cancelling r Notes shall be signed or otherwise executed by any Banker ^ftered0* kers duly registered in manner hereafter mentioned, or by his Bantotri/ Servant or Servants, yet if the same shall remain in a Book,

Part of the Leaves or any One Leaf thereof, and not cut or d therefrom, then and in every such case, if such Note or tmaining in such Book shall be brought to the Stamp Office h, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-of Stamps, or any of them, or any Officer by them duly sed, and they are hereby required to cancel the Stamps respectively, and to mark or damp any Vellum, Parchment ?r which shall be brought to the said Office by the Person or (b bringing such Note or Notes with any Marks or Stamps te or they may require, on such Person or Persons paying the ice of Price (if any) between the Stamps so cancelled, and imps or Marks so marked or stamped on the Vellum, Parch-Paper so brought to the said Head Office.

And be it enacted, That the Acceptance of every Bank Acceptance* of J shall be written on and across the Face of such Post Bill, and B-nk Post inal Words or Figures thereof.

And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bankers in Regiftenng of to register the Firm of the Bank or Banks to which they do n ew, rm8# respectively belong, or the Name or Names of the Partners Bank or Banks with the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland,

ommissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea-Ireland.

And be it further enacted, That all Persons so registering Persons regis-res as Bankers shall to all Intents and Purposes be considered teroJ considered ters within the Meaning of the Laws now in force in Ireland* Bankers* all Laws which hereafter shall be in force in Ireland*

Qg Bankers, in which the contrary shall not be expressly

I. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Stamp Probate* and on Probates, Administrations and Legacies in Ireland, be it, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every who shall administer the Personal Estate, or any Part of the ilEiate of any Person dying after the Commencement of

C.I26.

A.D. 1812.

W

52 Geo. in.

[Penalty.]

Inventories exhibited by Executory Sec.

[Penalty.]

Ho Duty on Probates by secondxeciitor.

this Act, without having proved the Will of the Deceased, or tales out Letters of Administration of such Personal Estate withn Twelve Calendar Months after the Death of the Person so dying (or with respect to Persons having died before the passing of this Act, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act), Oiall forfeit tad pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered and applied n the same manner as any Penalty may by this Act be recovered sad applied.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Executor, Administrator, nearest of Kin, Creditor or other Person, whether a&og as a Principal, or as Agent or Attorney for any Person or Person Out of Ireland, who shall administer, or enter upon the Possession or Management of all or any of the Personal or Moveable Eftite or Effects of any deceased Person in Ireland, who shall have left a Personal Property of the Value of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, or who hath entered upon the Possession or Management of any hr* fonal or Moveable Estate or Effects, and hath not fully adminileitd the same, shall, before disposing of, or distributing any Part or remaining Part of such Estate or Effects, or at all Events within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or after taking wt Probate or Administration, or entering on the Possession or Management of such Personal Estate, or of any Part thereof exhibit upon Oath in the proper Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, a foB and complete Inventory or Statement of such Estate and Effects, soso as they shall have been recovered at the time of exhibiting such Ii-ventory, or shall be known to be existing, distinguishing whether situate in Ireland or elsewhere; and also of all Debts due by the Deceased at the time of his or her Death, and payable out of nis or be: Personal Estate, and the Nature and Kind thereof; and in case it any time or times thereafter a Discovery shall be made of other Ef-efts belonging to the Deceased, which on account of their not bong known at the time were omitted in the said original Inventory, a additional Inventory or Inventories of the same shall in like manner be exhibited on Oath from time to time by any Person or Persons adsi-niftering or assuming the Management or Disposal thereof, together with such Debts due by such deceased Person as aforesaid, a may not have been inserted in such former Schedule; any such Oatk as aforesaid to be administered by the same Person or Persons, and in the same manner in all respecte as is used on proving a Will; asd in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refute to exhibit aYiy such original or additional Inventory, or shall- knowingly omit to include any Part of any such Estate and Effects therein, every Person so neglecting, refuting or omitting, shall forfeit the Sn of Forty Pounds for each such Neglect, Refusal or Omission

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Probate which shall be taken out by any Executor after the Will therein mentioned hath or shall have bWn proved, and Probate thereof hath been or shall have been duly obtained by another Executor named therein, shall and may be good, valid and effectual without any Stamp to all Intents and Purposes as if damped, and that all Persons cooceraed in the writing, or taking out the lame, shall be and they are respectively hereby freed and indemnified- from and against all Pains and Penal-, riet for ox in respect thereof in any manner whatsoever.

CXV. Ari

A.D. 1812 52 GEO. III. C. 126. 6jf

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person, whether Duties on I.eg*

xecutor, Administrator or otherwise, who shall administer the Per- retained if

nal Estate of any Person deceased, and shall retain, whether for hia Eiecut01R, lj

r her own Use, or otherwise, any Legacy, or any Residue or Part

[ the Residue of such Personal Estate, mall, in a reasonable time

ter the Death of the Person so deceased, be accountable to His

lajesty, his Heirs and Successors, for any Duty which shall be then

y Law payable on any Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy,

lefidue or Part of Residue; and if any Person so administering shall

ay any Legacy, Residue or Part of Residue, without obtaining a

leceipt duly damped for the same, then such Person so administering

tall be entitled to dedud thereout the Amount of the Stamp Duty

fhich shall be then payable on such Receipt; and in case he shall u>

educfc the same, the Amount of such Stamp Duty shall then imme-

liately be a Debt from such Person so administering to His Majesty,

ii Heirs and Successors; and if any such Person so administering

shall pay any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, without obtaining for the same a Receipt duly damped, or without deducting the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon, then and in every such case the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon shall be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as well from the Person or Persons so administering as from the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies to whom the same shall have been so paid respectively.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Real Estate shall by Legacies charged any Will be directed to be sold, charged with any Legacy or Le- on ^eal Estate gacies, the Person or Persons entitled to fell the lame or bound to reti, lned* pay such Legacy or Legacies, and also the Person beneficially entitled to such Legacies, or to the Residue or any Parts of the Residue of the Purchase Money thereof, shall respectively be liable to pay the Stamp Duties which shall then be by Law payable thereon respectively, in the same manner in all respects mutath mutandis as concerning the Administration of Personal Estate is hereinbefore provided.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which Executors called any Executor or Administrator, or other Person or Persons taking on by Court of the Burthen of the Execution of the Will, or other Testamentary to

instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Legacy Duty. Person deceased, or any Trustee or other Person to whom any Real Estate shall be devised to be sold, or who shall be entitled to any Real Estate subject to any Legacy, shall not have paid any Stamp Duties, which shall from time to time be payable by Law on any Receipts or Discharges for any Legacy, or for any Residue, or Part of any Re-fidne pursuant to the Directions of this Act, within a proper and reasonable time, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties upon such Afluhvit or Affidavits as to the said Court may* appear to be suffi. dent, to grant a Rule requiring such Executor, Administrator,

Trustee or other Person or Persons to shew Cause why he, she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties m Account upon Oath of all the Legacies, and of Mi the Property wfoeftively paid or to be paid or administered by such Executor or Aduiaistrator, or other Person or Persons, or given or bequeathed to such Trustee or other Person entitled to amy Real Estate subject

C.n6.

A.D. 1812.

<586

52 GEO. III.

Copies of Wills furniOied to Stamp Office.

[Penalty.]

Legacies charge -able with Duty defined.

Valuation of Annuities and uncertain Benefits Vy Legacy.

to any such Legacy, as the case may be, and why the Duties oe any such Legacies, or any Shares or Residue of any such Estate Real or Personal, have not been paid or should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute, is etery ease in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with the Cods osso recovering, the same.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any One or more of them, to require of every Reginrar or other Oncer of any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, having the Custody or Care of any Willi proved in any such Court, or having the Custody of any Entry r Register of any Administrations granted in any such Court, an Account of all such Wills and Letters of Administration, together witk the Particulars relating thereto, and such Extrads from any such Wills as may seem necessary to such Commissioners or CommiiSotrr, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon for the same, or at in case of any Dispute shall be settled and allowed by the EcclesiaJbol Court for that Purpose, and evenr such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorised and required, within One Calendar Mouth after any such Requisition so made by the said Commissionera, or any One or note of them, or by any Person authorised by them for that Purpose, to make out and deliver such Account as aforesaid, and if any such Registrar or other Officer as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any such Account as aforesaid, within One Cafendir Month after any Demand made as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make out and deliver any false Account, every such Regiftm or other Officer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Coils of Suit by Informant, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for Irehmdt to the life of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Gift by any Will or Testamentary Instrument of any Person which by virtue ofiuch Wl or Testamentary Instrument shall have Effect or be iatiafied oat of the Personal Estate of such Person so dying, or out of any Personal Estate, which such Person shall have Power to dispose of as he or (be shall think fit, shall be deemed and taken to be a Legacy withhitbe Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of all Acts whereby any Sump Duty is or shall be imposed, or in any wise relating to the Management or Collection of any Stamp Duty, whether the lame shall be given by way of Annuity, or in any other Form, and whether the lame shall be charged only on such Personal Estate, or charged life on the Real Estate of the Testator or Testatrix who shall give the same, except so far as the same shall be paid or Satisfied out of such Real Estate in a due Execution of the Will or Testamentary Iuftni-ment by which the same shall be given, and every Gilt which dull have Effect as a Donation Mortis Causa, shall also be deemed a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of all other such Acts as aforesaid.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Annuity or other Benefit shall be given by any Will or Testamentary Ioftruncot in such Terms that the Amount or Value of such Benefit can only be ascertained from time to time by the actual Application-for that Purpose of the Fund allotted for such Purpose* or made chargenbk

therewith*

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

c. 126.

681

Irith, or if the Amount or Value of any Benefit given by any It Testamentary Instrument cannot by reason of the Form and Kr of the Gift be so ascertained that the Duty to which the - all be then subject can be charged thereon, under any of the >ns herein contained, then and in every such case such Duty charged upon the several Payments of such Annuity when kjthe same shall be from time to time paid to the Party entitled Maine, and in like manner upon the several Sums of Money which shall be applied from time to time for the Purposes ed by such Will or Testamentary Instrument, as if such Pay-of such Annuity or such several Sums were separate and ft Legacies or Bequests, and shall be paid by the Party or

receiving such Annuity or other Sum of Money, or out of 'und which may be applicable for such Purposes, or charged answering the same.

[XI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty which shall Vduftion of Lime to time be payable on a Legacy or Residue, or Part of f ue of any Personal Estate given to or for the Benefit of, or so, n Successioo# he same shall be enjoyed by, different Persons in Succession who >e chargeable at one and the same Rate with the Stamp Duties shall then be payable, shall be charged upon and paid out of the cy or Residue or Part of Residue so given, as in the case of a Le-to one Person; and where any Legacy or Residue or Part of ue shall be given to or for the Benefit of or so that the same shall joyed by different Persons in Succession, some or one of whom be then changeable with no Duty, or some or one of whom be chargeable with different Rates of Duty, so that one Rate uty cannot be immediately charged thereon, all Persons who

or in consequence of any such Bequest shall be entitled for only, or any other temporary Interest, shall be chargeable with )uty in respect of such Bequest in the same manner as if the il Produce thereof had been given by way of Annuity, and Persons respectively shall be so chargeable with such Duty, and ime shall be payable when they shall respectively become entitled d begin to receive such Produce, and where any other partial eft shall be given, or shall arise out of such Property so to be ed in Succession, the Duty on such partial Interest shall be red and paid in the same manner as the Duty is hereinbefore ted to be charged and paid in like cases of partial Interests fed on any Property given otherwise than to different Persons iccession; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be*

absolutely entitled to any such Legacy, or Residue or Part of lue to be enjoyed in Succession, shall when a:d as such Person ersons respectively shall receive the same, or begin to enjoy the fit thereof, be chargeable with, and pay the Duty for the or such Part thereof as shall be so received, or of which the fit shall be so enjoyed, in the same manner as if the same had; to such Person or Persons immediately on the Death of the >n by whom such Property shall have been given to be enjoyed, such manner that the same shall be enjoyed m Succession.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty which shall DutiesionLe. time to time be payable on any Legacy or Residue or Part of 8ajjes Suc-tee so given to, or so to be enjoyed by different Persons in Suc- ceffifln P*1 >n, upon whom the Duty shall be chargeable at one and the same X x 4 Rate,

82

C. 126.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Duty on Hate given as Legacy in Succession.

Rate, shall be deduced and paid by the Person or Persons harn

or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Tefbsxottry Instrument under which the Title thereto shall arise, upon Papest or other Satisfaction or Discharge of every or any Part Cock Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue to any Trustee or Trulm, or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall be payable or paid, inTruft or for the Benefit of the Persons so entitled thereto in Succession, and if the same shall not be so paid or satisfied to y such Trustee or Trustees, then such Duty shall bededuded and paid out of the Capital of the Property so given, upon Receipt by any of the Persons so entitled in Succession of any Produce of such Capital or any Part thereof, according to the Amount of the Capital of which such Produce shall be so received; and where the Duty chirp-able upon any such Bequest for the Benefit of or to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, shall be chargeable at different Rita so that the same cannot be paid at one and the same time, but be! be paid in Succession as aforesaid, then and in such case all and crej the Person and Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument in which such Bequest shall be contained, shall be chargeable with such Duties in $u& ccfiion in the same manner as such Persons would be chargeable with the like Duties in case of immediate Bequest, unleU the Property bequeathed shall have been paid or otherwise satisfied to or welled in any Trustees or Trustee as aforesaid, in which case such Trulea or Trustee, or his, her or their Representative6 shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for or in respect of such Property so vested in him, her or them respectively, in such and the same mara as if he, she or they had taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such Bequest shallhue been made; and in like manner where any partial Interest Dull be given or shall arise out of any such Property lo to be enjoyed in Succession, and such partial Interest shall be satisfied or paid by the Pcson or Persons so enjoying such Property, such Person or Perfims shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for and in reaped of such partial Interest, and shall retain and pay the same accordingly in such and the same manner as if he, she or they had taken the Burthen of the I xecution of the Will or Testamentary Inftnunnt by which f: ch partial Interest shall have been created; andinifl such cases the Person or Persons so chargeable with Duty shall be Debtors to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in lik manner, and shall be subject to the like Penalties as the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such Will or TestamenUiy Instrument shall from time to time be chargeable and subject to.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, unldi the contrary shall be expressly enacted, no Duty shall at any time be paid on any Articles of Plate, Furniture or other Things not yielding any Income, and given to or for the Benefit of or so as that tk same be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, whilst the fine shall be so enjoyed in Kind only by any Person or Persons not hawg any Power of telling or disposing thereof so as to convert the so* into Money or other Property yielding an Income, but if the fine shall be actually sold or disposed of, or shall come to any Pafoa ot Persons having Power to tell or dispose thereof, or haying an absolute Interest therein, then and in each and every such cat the same 11 Duty

D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 126.

'uty shall he chargeable and paid thereon, as if the lame had been iginally given absolutely and with full Power to sell or dispose lereof, and shall be chargeable upon and paid by the Person or Perns for whose Benefit the same shall be sold, or who shall have ower to sell or dispose thereof or any absolute Interest therein, and tali become the Debt of such Person or Persons, but shall not be a charge on any Person or Persons by reason of his, her or their aving a dented to such Bequest as the Person or Persons having or aking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Tellamentary nstrument by which such Bequest shall have been made.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Duties on Re-ny Legacy or any Residue or Part of Residue shall be so given4)y fidue taken in ny Will or Testamentary Instrument that different Persons shall be- Succession under ome entitled thereto in Succession, the Duty shall be charged Intcftacy' hereon as given to be enjoyed in Succession, whether the Person or ?ersons entitled thereto shall take the same under or by virtue of uch Will or Testamentary Instrument, and the Dispositions therein: ontained, or in Default of such Dispositions, and as entitled by [nteftacy.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That where at any time any Duties on Left-Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue shall be given to or for the cie#in Joint Benefit of any Person or Persons in Joint Tenancy, Come or one of Tcnancy* whom shall be then chargeable with any Stamp Duty, and some or one of whom shall not be so chargeable, the Person or Persons chargeable with such Duty shall pay such Duty in Proposition to the Interest of such Person or Persons respectively in such Bequest 5 and if any Person or Persons so chargeable with such Duty, and entitled in Joint Tenancy as aforesaid, shall become entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance of the Joint Tenancy, to any larger Interest in the Property bequeathed than that in respect of which such Duty shall have beep paid, then and in such case all and every such Person or Persons so becoming entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance, shall be charged with the same Duty as if the Property which such Joint Tenant or Joint Tenants shall so become entitled to had been originally given to or for the Benefit of such Person or Persons only.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when apy Legacy or Dutyoncomin-any Residue, or Part of Residue, shall be givep, subject to any Con- sent Legacies, tingency which may defeat such Gift, and whereupon the same may go to (ome other Persons or Person, such Bequest (unless chargeable u an Annuity under the Provisions herein contained) shall be charged with Duty as ap absolute Bequest to the Person or Persons who shall tike the same, subject to, such Contingency, and such Duty shall be paid out of the Capital of such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, notwithstanding the same may upon such Contingency go to some Person not chargeable with the same Duty, or with any Italy; and if such Contingency shall afterwards happen, and the Property so bequeathed shall thereupon go in such manner that the same, if tabes immediately after the Death of the Testator or Testatrix under the same Title, would have been chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty than the Duty so paid, the Person or Persons becoming entitled thereto shall be charged with and shall pay the Difference be-tattsthe Duty so paid and such higher Rate of Duty,

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy or Legacies fufc-the Residue or any Part of the Residue of any Personal Estate shall je&edto Power

ke of Appointment.

hD.iSn

C. 126.

52 GEO. III.

Verfoaal Estate devised Co purchase Real Estate.

Eftttts pur auter V.

be subject to any- Power of Appointment to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons specially named or described is ObjeAsoffock Power, such Property shall be chargeable with Duty as Property given to different Persons in Succession, and in so charging fad) Doty not only the Person and Persons who shall take previous or fubp&to such Power of Appointment, but also any Person and ftafaos who shall take under or in Default of any such Appointment when aadu they shall so take respectively, shall, in respect of their sevenl late-rells whether previous or subject to or under or in Default of fud Appointment, be charged with the same Duty, and in the same mm-ner, as if the same Interests had been given to him, her or them respectively, in and by the Will or Testamentary Disposition contafoag such Power, in the same Order and Course of Succession as shall take place under and by virtue of such Power of Appointment, or in Dr fault of Execution thereof, as the case may happen to be 5 andwbet any Property shall be given for any limited Interest, and a general and absolute Power of Appointment shall also be given to any Person or Persons to whom the Property would not belong, in Detank of such Appointment, such Property upon the Execution of such Power shall be charged with the same Duty, and in the same manner as if the same Property had been immediately given to the Person or Peifoos having and executing such Power, after allowing any Duty befixt paid in respect thereof; and where any Property shall be given with any such general Power of Appointment, which Property in Default will belong to the Person or Persons to whom such Power shall rfe be given, such Property shall be charged with and shall pay the Dity in the same manner as if such Property had been given to such Person or Persons absolutely in the first In fiance without such Power of Appointment.

CXXVIII. And be it further eroded, That any Sum of Mosey or Personal Estate directed to be applied in the Purchase of Rd Estate, shall be charged with and pay Duty at Personal Estate, to-less the same shall be given so atto be enjoyed by disent Persons in Succession, and then each Person entitled thereto Succession shall pay Duty for the same in the same manner a if the same had not been directed to be applied so the Pa* chase of Real Estate, unless the same shall have been a&tnDy applied in the Purchase of Real Estate before such Duty accrued; hot no Duty shall accrue in respectc thereof after the same shall havtbta actually applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, for so much thereof as shall have been so applied: Provided nevertheless, that in die before the same or some Part thereof shall be actually so applied, ay Person or Persons shall become entitled to an Estate of Inberkuce in Possession in the Real Estate to be purchased therewith, or vtt so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, the same Duty which ought to be paid by such Person or Persons if absolutely entitled thereto at Personal Estate, by so* of any Bequest thereof as such, shall be charged on such Perfo*Persons so entitled, and raised and paid out of the Fund rearing to be applied in such Purchase.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That Estatet fmrakrVt applicable by Law in the same manner at Personal Estate, fluftbt charged with all Stamp Duties imposed or to be impaled as Period Estate.

CXXXffc

6.126.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

685

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Money left to time any Direction shall be given by any Will or Testamentary In- pay Legacy Irument for Payment of the Duty which shall be chargeable upon*7 not my Legacy or Bequest out of some other Fund, so that such Le- clu, leaW* acy or Bequest may pass to the Person or Persons to whom or for ffhofe Benefit the same shall be given free of Duty, no Duty shall be chargeable upon the Money to be applied for the Payment of such Duty, notwithstanding the same may be deemed a Legacy to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who would otherwise pay such Duty.

CaXXI. And be it further enacted, That in cases of specific Le- Duty on Piracies, and where the Residue of any Personal Estate (had! consist of Perly !lot fe* stoperty which shall not be reduced into Money, it shall be lawful for j^aiUr-: he Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Admini-

iratkm of such Effects, or the Person or Persons by whom the Duty hereon ought to be paid, to set a Value thereon, and to offer to pay he Duty according to such Value, or to require the Commissioners for Management oftthe Stamp Duties to appoint a Person to set and ippraife such Value, at the Expence of the Person or Persons by vhom such Duty ought to be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to accept the Duty offered to be paid upon the Va-ue set by the Person or Persons having or taking the Administra-ion of such Effects, or by whom the Duty for the same shall beyable, without such Appraisement, if the said Commissioners shall hink fit so to do; but if the said Commissionera shall not be satisfied with the Value so set, on which the Duty shall be so offered, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners notwithstanding such Offer, to appoint a Person to appraise such Effects, and to set the Value thereon, on which Value so set the said Commissioners shall assess the Duty payable in respect thereof, and require the same to be paid $ but if the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable shall not be satisfied with the Valuation made under the Authority of the said Commissioners, and pay the Duty accordingly, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons at any time within Three Calendar Months after he, she or they shall have Notice of such Valuation, to Appeal, appeal therefrom to, and to cause the Valuation so made under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to be reviewed by the Commissioners of the Treafuij in Ireland for the time being; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall and may (if they shall think fit) appoint a Person to appraise such Effects and set a Value thereon, and shall and may decide thereon in a summary way, and their Judgment shall be final; and if the Valuation under the Authority of the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, in the case last mentioned,

shall not be duly appealed from within the time aforesaid, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Valuation; and if any Variance mall be made on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance; and if the Duty aiiefied in manner aforesaid shall exceed the Duty offered to and - refuted by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the Expence of such Appraisement and other Proceedings in assessing such Duty,

shall be borne by the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable; and if any Dispute shall arise between any Person or Persons entitled to any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, and any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Admmiftra-

6i6

A.O.1S11.

Duty on Legacies compounded for, 4c

[Proviso.]

Proceedings where Legatees refuse to allow Duty.

Q 126.

S? GEO. III.

tion of such Effects, with respect to the Value thereof, or with respect to the Duty to be paid thereon, the Duty shall be assessed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties on Reference to tkm by either Party for that Purpose 5 and if the Value of any Property 00 which such Duty ought to be paid shall be in Dispute, the ud Coa-xnissioners of the Stamp Duties shall cause an Appraiscmest to be made thereof at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid, in the manner hereinbefore directed in other cases, and assess the Duty thereon accordingly; and if such Perke or Person8 by whom such Duty ought to be paid shall be difiatiifkd with such Valuation, or with the Assessment of Duty made upon (neb Valuation by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the same fiu& be reviewed and finally determined by the said Commissionm of the Treasury, upon Appeal to them within the time and in the manner hereinbefore directed in other cases; but if such Valuation or Aiet ment shall not be duly appealed from within the time limited for that Purpose, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall btaui according thereto; and if any Variance shall be made therein on tod Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance, tad in case the Effects whereon any such Duty shall be payable MW at the Difiance of Ten Miles from Dublin, then and in such aieit shall be lawful to make the like Application to such Person as M be deputed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps to ad in their Stead, in such cases within the County or District ia vriuds such Effects shall be; and such Person ib deputed shall act in such cases in all respects in the same manner as the said Commissioien of Stamps are hereby authorised to ad, subject nevertheless to the Jfi* ffrudions and Controul of the said Commissioners of Stamps.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy or Part of any Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, whereet ay Stamp Duty shall at any time be chargeable, shall be satisfied otherwise than by Payment of the Money or Application of spedk If* feds for that Purpose, or shall be released for CpnAderatiao, or cob* pounded for less than the Amount or Value thereof, then, and such case, the Duty thereon shall be charged and paid in respect of such Legacy or Part of Legacy, or Residue or Part of Reiadoe, according to the Amount or Value of the Property taken in Sc* faction thereof, or as the Confederation for Release thereof, or Cm* position for the same: Provided always That if any Legacy of Bequest shall be made in Saus&dion of any other Legacy or Be* quest, or Title so any Residue or Pan of Refadue, of any Personl Estate remaining unpaid, the Duty shall not be paid on both Sd-jeds, although both may be chargeable with Duty, but shall be fib on the Subject yielding the largest Duty.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Resfiwir Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the WJ or other Testamentary Xostrument, or the Administration of the Pw-ional Estate of any Person deceased, or any Pe riba or Pedoa chargeable with. Duty, mall declare himfclL herlelf or themfirlves nmfyaad willing, and shall accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary Lgtcy or Residue, or Part of Residue, deduding the Duty which stal be then by Law payable thereon, ov shall in like manner offer- to deliver or otbwwife dispose of any Specific Legacy, or ay beak Property, Pact of any Residue of any Perianal EiUtt, to or fork t " Beaeft

C n&

52 GEO. Iff.

Mf

Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or to any Trust'ee )r Trustees for such Person or Persons, upon Payment of the Duty wyable in respect thereof, and the Person or Persons entitled to such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, or the Trustee or TrusteCs ror such Person or Persons shall refuse to accept such Offer, and to jite a proper Release and Discharge for such Legacy or Residue,

>r so much thereof as shall be offered to be paid, delivered or other-

*ife disposed of as aforesaid, then, and in such case, although no ictual Tender shall be made, if any Suit shall be afterwards inflicted for such Legacy or Effects respecting which such Offer shall iare been made, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted, to order all Costs, Charges and Expences attend-the same to be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have efafed to accept such Offer, and to give or join in such Release or Discharge, or to order such Costs, Charges and Expences to be leduded and retained out of such Legacy or Effects, together with he Duty payable thereon, as the said Court shall see fit; and in case iny Sait shall be instituted for Payment of any Legacy or Residue,

>t Part of Residue of any Personal Estate, and the Person or Persons sued for the same shall be desirous of flaying Proceedings in such Sait, on Payment of the Money due, or delivering or other wise dif-x>lkig of the specific Effects demanded, after deducting or receiving he Duty payable thereon, it shall be lawful for the Court in which uch Suit mail be instituted, if it shall see fit, on Application in a ummary way, to make such Order for Payment of such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, or for delivering or otherwise disposing )f such Effects, and for Payment of the Duty then payable thereon, iod all such Costs, Charges and Expences attending such Suit as shall be just.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit shall be On Suits for nstituted concerning the Admin istration of the Personal Estate of Administration iny Person dying testate or intestate, or atiy Part of such Estate' in L^"cm*de ivhfch any Direction shall be given touching the Payment of any Le-jacies or Legacy of such Person', or the Residue of his or her Personal Estate or any Part thereof, the Court wherein such Suit shall*instituted shall, in giving Directions concerning the same, provide br the due Payment of the Duties which shall be then payable there->ut; and in taking any Account of any Personal Estate or otherwise ifting concerning the same, such Court shall take Care that no Al-owance shall be made in respect of any Legacy or Part of Legacy, vr of any Residue or Part of Residue in any manner whatsoever, vithout due Proof of the Payment of the Duties so payable; '

CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Part of Legacies Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution Paid on fa?, sfy* jf any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administra- p8 ion of the Personal Estate of dny Person deceased, may from time rop: o time pay, deliver or otherwise dispose of any Legacy, or any Part )f any Legacy, or make Distribution of any Part of the Residue-of my Personal Estate, on Payment from time to time of such Propor-; ions of the Duty then payable thereon, as shall accrue in respect of such Part of such Personal Estate as shall be so administered.

CXXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the several Duty payablt Duties charged and to be charged by Law in Ireland upon any Pro- onlY fof halts or Letters of Administration, or Receipts for* Legacies?- or ^tu;te m

Share* lan<1'

ISt C. i26. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1ta

Probate* of Will* of Trusttes.

Transfer of Stock, under Probates of Trustae*

Shares or Propositions of any Estate or Effects, shall be deemed ad taken to be charged and payable only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Estate and Effects as shall be situated in IrtUd, and of such Legacies as shall be payable out of Estates and EMi io Ireland.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That/ from andafmthe passing of this A A, the Probate of the Will of any Person deceased, or the Letters of Administration of the Effects of any Perfeo deceased, heretofore granted, or to be hereafter granted in IrAaiy shall be deemed and taken to be valid and available by the Executon or Administrators of the Deceased, for recovering, transferring or aligning any Debt or Debts or other Personal Estate or Efieob whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, other wholly or partially as a Trustee, notwithstanding that the Amout or Value of such other Debt or Debts or Personal Estate or Effects or the Amount or Value of so much thereof, or such Inter! therein as was Trust Property in the Deceased, fas the case be) lull not be included in the Amount or Value of the Estate, in rdpeft of which the Stamp Duty was paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Exe* cutors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall be defirow of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share Handing is the Name of the Deceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stock or Funds, transferable at the Bank of IrtU or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of and in the Stock and Funds of any other Company, Corporation or Society whatsoever, passing by Trader in the Books of such Company, Corporation or Society, under id by virtue of any such Probate or Letters of Administration as said, and shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of /rdW and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as dbrefc), or their respective Officers for their Indemnity and Proteffitn, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein after it mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to permit such Executors or Administrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dividends thereof, with* out regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probat? of the Will of the Deceased, or Letters of Administration of his or her Effects; and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion to recover any Debt or Debts or other Personal Effects due or apparently belonging to the Deceased, vd shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or other Effects, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the fad as herein after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise fetsfef* torily appear, and thereupon to pay, deliver or make over the Debt or Debts or other Effects in question to such Executors or Atfauni-strators, or as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Adrainift ration of his or her Effects; and where tbtE

14 981011

k

C. 126.

fif

52 GEO. III.

: iitors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion o assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real or other Personal Effects whereof or where to the De-safed was possessed or entitled, and shall alledge that the same repetitively was or were due or vested in the Deceased either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons 0 whom or for whose Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or >ther Personal Effects shall be purposed to be assigned or transferred,; o require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein after is nentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and iberrupon to accept the proposed Assignment or Transfer, without egard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the (Vill of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or ler Effects.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Re-juifition as aforesaid the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, or some other PeWon or Persons to vhom the Fads shall be known, shall make a special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and circumstances of the case, (fating the Property in Question; and that the Deceased had not any beneficial nterest whatever in the same, or no other beneficial Interest therein, han shall be particularly mentioned and set forth (as the case may be), ut was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or in Part as the case may be), in Trail for some other Person or Persons rhofe Name or Names, or other sufficient Description shall be spe-ified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purposes as shall

spedfied therein; and that the beneficial Interest of the Deceased, f any, in the Property in Question doth not exceed a certain Value 0 be therein also specified according to the bed Estimate that can

made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount >r Value of the Estate for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Admi-listration of his or her Effects, is sufficient to include and cover such >eneficial Interest of the Deceased, as well as the rest of the Peroral Effate, whereof or where to the Deceased was beneficially pof-effect or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Admi-uffration shall have been granted, as far as the same have come to he Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrator*; and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads ind circumstances of the Trails shall be made by any other Person han the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of he Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Admi-listrators shall make Affidavit or Affirmation that the same are true 0 the heft of his, her or their Knowledge, and that the Property n Question is intended to be applied anc disposed of accordingly; which Affidavits or Affirmations shall be sworn or made before a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who is hereby authorized to take the same, and administer the proper Oath or Affir-nation for that Purpose) and shall he delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the same, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and protect the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affir-matioa of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified

and.

Affidavit made by Executors, as to Trust Property.

<9*

C.I26.

A.D. 1812.

Perjury.

Hind Bills,

Almanacks,

Pamphlets,

Newspapers and

Advertisemeutt.

[Penalty.]

Printers of Hand Bills, &c

Penalty. Definition of Hand Bills.

Selling undamped Almanacks.

Penalty,

Definition of Almanacks.

52 GEO. III.

and set forth, every Person so offending and being thereof kvfufiy convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pnins and Pedties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury are subject and liable to.

CXL. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Hand Bills, Almanacks, Pamphlets and Nevrfpapmin Ireland, be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons (bill at any time after the Commencement of this Act, hawk, carry about, disperse or distribute any Hand Bill not being stamped or mark'd with the Stamp Duty which shall be then by Law required, every such Person being thereof duly convicted before any Justice of the Peace shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings to the Person whoM prosecute for the same; and in Default of immediate Paynwt thereof, shall and may be committed by such Justice to any Common Gaol within his Jurisdiction for One Week, or until he or k shall pay such Penalty, and it shall and may be lawful for any Per- i son to seize, apprehend and carry before any Justice of the Peace I of the County, City or Place where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person so offending as aforesaid.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer shall print or cause to be printed any undamped Hand Bill containing! fingk Advertisement, such Hand Bill being then subject to a Stamp Duty, and shall duly be convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, such Printer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who shall prosecute for the same.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That every Hand Bill or other printed Paper which shall contain more than One Adteniie-ment mall be deemed and taken to be a Newspaper to all Inlestl and Purposes whatsoever.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or PeT-fons shall print, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter or expose to Sale any Almanack or Calendar, or Dublin Diredory, or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper deemed or condrued to be or serving the Purpose of an Almanack, Dublin Diredory, or daily Account of Goods imported and exported, not being marked or damped with a proper Stamp, if any Stamp Duty shall be then by Law payable thereon, every such Person shall for every such Almanack, Calendar, Ddh Diredory, Book, Pamphlet or Paper so printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered or exposed to Sale, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, which Penalty shall be to the sole Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall without Fraud or Covin first so* for the same.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Boob and Pm-phlets serving chiefly for the Purpose of an Almanack or a Directory, by whatever Name or Names entitled or described, are and shall be considered as Almanacks and Directories, and not as Pamphlets or other printed Papers within the Meaning of this Act, and of every Ad by which any Stamp Duty has beeft or QjUbe impo fed, or in any wise relating to the Collection or Managerial of any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be expressly proridfi md that where any Almanack shall contain more than One Sheet or Piece of Paper, it shall be sufficient to (lamp ope of the Pieces of Piper upon which such Almanack shall be printed.

CXLV. hi

lSt2.

52 GEO. III. C. 126.

dpi

LV. And be it further enacted, That one printed Copy of One Copy of Pamphlet which shall be printed or published within the City eve >'Pamphlet bliny shall within the Space of 8i* Days after the printing s office, f be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, and the Title^f with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and any Stamp which shall be then by Law payable thereon, shall be registered Ted in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose, which Duty e thereupon paid to the ]>roper Officer or Officers appointed ire the lame, or his or their Deputy or Clerk, who shall there-pwe a Receipt for the same on such printed Copy; and that nted Copy of every such Pamphlet that shall be printed or ed if) any Place in Ireland\ not being within the City of Dub*

II within the Space of Fourteen Days after the printing '

be brought to some Distributor of Stamps or Persons em-by the said Commissioners, or any of them, to execute the of Distributor for the time being, who is hereby required th to enter the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets ?d therein, and the Duty which shall be then payable thereon said, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, which shall be thereupon paid to such Distributor, who shall give a: for the same on such printed Copy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Pamphlet Not paying printed or published as aforesaid, and the Duty which shall be Duty on r Law payable thereon as aforesaid, shall not be duly paid Pamphlets, said within the respective times aforesaid, then the Printer or r, and all and every other Person or Persons concerned in and le printing or publishing of such Pamphlet, shall, for every Fence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and all and every penalty.

Printer and Publisher of such Pamphlet shall forfeit and '

Copy Right therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on ail Trials what- Onus Probandi. A&iong, Informations, Complaints or Suits, for Recovery ifoiwsaid Penalty for Non-payment of the aforesaid Duty be refoe ftive times aforesaid, the Proof of the Payment of the ty (hnil lie upon the Printer or Publisher of such Pamphlet.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall fell Printer's N.ime fe to Sale in Ireland any Pamphlet or Newspaper, or any on Newspapers erving the Purpose of a Newspaper, without the true Name and Pjalp<ts' name, or Names and Surname*, and Place or Places of Abode

known Person or Persons, by or for whom the same shall en or shall be really and truly printed or published being or prioted thereon, upon Pain that every Person offending tail forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; Penalty, on all Trials of Actions, Informations, Complaints or Suits, Onus Probandi.

very of such Penalty; the Proof that the true Name and b, or true Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of of some known Person or Persons by or for whoYn such it or Newspaper shall have been reaHy and truly printed or d, wai or were written or printed thereon shall lie upon the tat is such A&ieo, Information, Complaint or Suit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in Ireland\ every Affidavits of Publisher and Proprietor of any Newspaper, Intelligencer Proprietors of

merseer, or any Paper Serving the Purposes of a Newspaper, Newfj*ys.

fflcer or Occurreocer, whether for hrmfelf or in Trust for any

Geo. III. Y y Bank-^y

692

C.I2&

A.D. 1$k

52 GEO. III.

Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person, shall as often as the hid Cats-mif&oners of Stamp.Duties or any of them shall, by Notice m Writing or otherwise, require the same, withm Ten Days after being 0 require*), give in to the said Commissioners at their Office is Dmm, or to the proper Officers at their respective Offices where lamed Paper (half be distributed nearell to the Place where such Piper wBl be printed or published, such Affidavit and of such Import as Printers, Publishers or Proprietors of Newspapers are or shall be by any law or Laws directed to make, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall reams with such Commissioners of Stamps or Officers, to be produced is manner herein after mentioned as often as Occasion may require; sad every Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrence^ in Ireland, whether for himself or in Tnd lor any Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person, who shall when reqakcd thereto as aforesaid neglect or omit to give in such Affidavit witki the time and at the places aforesaid, shall for every such Offcocr, Neglect or Omission, pay a Penalty of Forty Pounds, and shall be disabled from receiving any Stamps for printing such Newspapm upon, and shall be deemed and taken as it he, she or they, never bad been qualified to print or publifti any Newspaper, until he, Ibe or they, shall make and deliver in such Affidavit as aforesaid.

CL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfd for any of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or for such other Officer or Officers by them appointed for the Distributhm of damped Paper as aforesaid, to take liich Affidavit and Affidavits as aferc-said, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall he so made and taken wkb* out Fee or Reward; and if any Person shall wilfully swear any fsch Affidavit or Affidavits, and the same or any Part thereof shall contain a Falsehood, every such Person fofweanng any such Afiidaritor Affidavits may be indicted for wilful and corrupt Perjury therein, and shall upon due Conviction of such Offence incur and fuller (ach Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as Persons couvided of wife! and corrupt Perjury are or shall then be by Law liable and subjectr.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That such Affidavits shal k produced as Occasion may require at or before the Trial of all inch Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations or Indictments as (haflhc had or commenced, filed or found touching such Newspaper or any Publication therein contained; and such Affidavit or Affidavits floff on every such Trial be received and admitted against all and every the Person and Persons who shall have so signed and sworn the hoc, as conclusive Evidence of all such Matters therein as shall be by Law required to he therein contained, and also of the Continuance cfal such Matters in the lame Plight and Condition to the time in Question on such Trial, unless it shall be proved that previous to inch rime such Person or Persons became Lunatic or served a Notice in Writing at the Office where such Affidavit shall have been fwona of any of the said Matters therein being changed, or unless it shall appear, that previous to such time a new Affidavit of the same or sunrihr Nature respectively was or were made concerning the fa* Newspaper, in which the Person or Persons fought to be affefifdsa fitch Trials did not join.

p-r'crsio* And be it further enacted, That every Printer or PubUffier

u: r, cf, at 2. Newspaper or Daily Account of Goods imported or exported arc.'printed or published in the County or County of the City of fktfk,

V ii which

[Penalty.]

Before whom Affidavits made.

Fee.

Perjury.

Affidavits Evidence against Printer.

181*. $2* GEO. III. C126. 693

is or from time to time shall be Liable to any Stamp Duty, shall y Day of Publication thereof, or on such Day next following shall not be an Holyday, between the Hours of Ten and Three 1 Day, cause to be delivered to the Registrar of Pamphlets, uch other Person as shall be appointed to act as Registrar in See of such Registrar, or of such Person so appointed to act as rar, in the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, One Im-1 Or Copy of the Newspaper or daily Account so printed or ed, with his or her Name written thereon, after the lame shall ted, by his or her own proper Hand Writing, in his or her med manner of signing the same 5 and every Printer or Pub-F a Newspaper printed or published in any other Place in /re-lall, on the Day of the Publication of such Newspaper, or Day next following which shall not be an Holyday, in like between the Hours of Ten and Three of the Clock, cause to ered to the next Distributor of Stamps in the County in such Newspaper shall be printed or published, Two Im-s or Copies of every such Newspaper so printed or pub-srith his or her Name written thereon, after the same shall be by his or herproper Hand, in his or her accustomed manner lg the same 5 for which several Copies or Impressions so deli-ic respective Printers or Publiftiers thereof shall be paid the id Current Prices of such Impressions or Copies; which said Copies or Impressions so delivered as aforesaid shall be and hereby declared to be Evidence against the several Pro-, Publishers and Printers of such Newspapers respectively, omplaints. Suits, Actions, Indictments, Informations, Prose-and Proceedings to be commenced and carried on, as well I such Newspapers respectively, as every Matter and Thing contained, and touching any other Newspaper, and any or atter and Thing therein contained which shall be of the tie. Purport or Effect with such impression or Copy so de-1 a fore said, although the same should vary in some In dances

Printers and Publishers and Proprietors of the Impressions or o delivered as aforesaid, shall to all Intents and Purposes be Printers, Publishers or Proprietors respectively of all News-rhich shall be of the same Title, Purport or Effect with such r Impressions so delivered as aforesaid, unless such Printers, rs or Proprietors respectively shall prove that such News-espectivehr were not printed or published by them respec- by or with their Knowledge, Privity or Direction; and every Proprietor or Publisher of such Newspaper or Newspapers, or rrcount of Goods imported and exported, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Copies or Im-, or Copy or impression, signed as aforesaid, as hereinbefore.shall, for every such Omission, pay a Penalty of One hundred Penalty.

[II. And whereas many Printers and Publishers of News-strike off a Second Publication or impression, containing Vdvertisements or other Matter than are contained in the >r Copies given in 3t the Stamp Office in Dublin as aforesaid, be Distributor, if in the Country, by which means the Duty e in respect of such Newspaper may be evaded and other ief stud Inconveniences arise*, Be it therefore enacted, That Y y a any

f>9 4

Second Editions of Newspapers.

P ulty.

Title of Paper lodged at Stamp Office Evidence q^inst Printer.

Copies so lodged Evidence against Printer*.

Printers outlawed, &c. shall not have Stamps for Papers.

C. 116 5* GEO. ID. A.D. 1812.

any Printer or Publisher in Ireland who shall vary any of die dj3j Publications, or publish such Second Impression, withortpagin, in manner aforesaid, a Copy of such Second Impression forad as aforesaid, if in Dublin to the Head Office as aforesaid, or tin the Country without giving in, in manner aforesaid, Two Copies to At Distributor of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, shall, for every feck Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; andevtryfoA Second or other varied Impression shall be deemed to be mifbtfnped, and the Printer and Publisher thereof shall be liable to all such Paiia, Penalties and Forfeitures as if the same were undamped.

CL1V. And, for the Purpose of facilitating the Proof of such Offences respectively, be it enacted, That upon all Trials of A&bu, Informations or Suits, for any of the said Offences, any Newspaper of the same Title as that for which anyrDefendant in any such A&ioc, Information or Suit shall be registered at the Stamp Office as Printer, Proprietor or Publiflier, shall be sufficient Evidence that such Paper was printed and published by such Person or Perforafe Eegittered, unless the Defendant in such Action, Information or Sait, shall shew the contrary by satisfactory Evidence; and further, tk upon all such Trials the Proof of the Defendant or Defendants therai having given in, in manner aforesaid, a Copy of such Impression igd as aforesaid, if in Dublin to the Stamp Office as aforesaid, or if intk Country, Two Copies to the Didribntor of Stamps signed as aforesaid, shall lie upon such Defendant or Defendants.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That if the Printer, PnbHte or Proprietor of any Newspaper, or Paper serving the Purpose of I Newspaper in Ireland, upon any Trial in any Complaint, Suit, Affiofi, Indiftroent, Information or Prosecution, to be commenced or arriri on touching such Newspaper, shall not admit that the Imprtiw or Copy of the Paper left at the Stamp Office in the City of JW&, or with the Distributor of Stamps in the County in which loch Newspaper shall be printed or published, was printed orpubHW by him or her, then and in such case any such Copy or Imprdfei which shall have been left at the Stamp Office in the City of biJ&i or with the Distributor of Stamps in the County wherein fed Newspaper shall be printed at the times hereinbefore directed, ffiJ be considered as printed and published by him or her, though the same shall not appear to be duly signed in his or her Hand-writfcj, and though it shall not appear by whom the same was foleft, un)rfik or she shall prove that he or she left or caused to be left at the dlls by this Act required, a printed Copy or Impression, or Two yrietri Copies or Impressions of the Paper published by him or her with the Officer or Person with whom he or she is by this Act dneffed to leave the same, with his or her Name written thereon in his or be own Hand-writing in the manner directed by this Act.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer or M* lifher of any Newspaper, or other Paper serving the Purnofeef i Newspaper in Ireland, shall be by due Course of Law ouik*ed for any Criminal Offence, or shall receive Judgment for printngor jmb* lishing a traiterous or seditious Libel, the said CoramiSoaen and their Officers for distributing damped Vellum, PkrcfnBrft or Paper respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell or defiver to or for the use of any such Printer or Publisher so outlawed, or who Staff bwtfe

io vttibd

8 r-2. 52 GEO. III. C. 126. 69 s

1 Judgment for such Libel, any stamped Paper for printing wfpaper.

711. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Pub- Printers becom-r Proprietor of any Newspaper, which shall be at any time ing Bankrupts, ?d in Ireland, shall have become a Bankrupt, cr nun compot &c> or shall be outlawed for any Crime, or shall receive Judgment >ting or publishing any traiterous or seditious Libel, then and such case such Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, for or Proprietors respectively, shall no longer be entitled or publish such Newspaper, but shall as to any such Right be ed from thenceforth as if he, she or they never had made such it as a fore said.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing ontained shall be construed to extend to prevent the Assignees Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or the Committee or Committees Lunatic, or other Person, from printing or publishing such per, upon rmaking the ^Affidavit and entering into Recog-or Bond respectively by Law required, that they are aters and Publishers of such Newspapers respectively, in ar the EfUte of such Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person

*ly-

And be it further enacted, That the leaving or Ser-any* legal Process in any Suit to be brought against any Publi fner or Proprietor of any Newspaper or Pamphlet for the Purpose of recovering any Debt or Penalty his Act, or any other Act which shall from time to time >rce in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Collection or k>n of any Stamp Duties or Duty at the Printing Office where such Newspaper or Pamphlet respectively shall be jally printed or published, shall be deemed and considered utesta and Purposes good Service of such Process.

And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall buy shall, without lawful Excuse, have or keep in his, her or >ffeflioD in Ireland, any undamped Newspaper, shall be sub- liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every undamped per to bought or sold, or so found in his, her of their >n; and every Printer, Proprietor or Publisher of any un-Newspaper, or daily Account, or Paper serving the Pur-a Newspaper, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for aper so undamped, which he, she or they shall print or pub-cause to be printed or published.

J. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Publisher metor of a Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrences or any erving the Purposes of such, mail have in his, her or their >n in Ireland, such Paper not duly damped, or if such Paper t found in the House, Office or Printing Office of such, Publisher or Proprietor, which shall be printed, or in Part upon undamped Paper, such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor nb|ed and liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures f>y any en ui force in Ireland, imposed or to be imposed upon b Publishers or Proprietors, for printing or publishing such jjttf as aforesaid upon undamped Paper.

QL And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any or Ftrfoai who is, are or shall be etftitfed to obuia from

Assignees of Bankrupts allowed to print.

Service of Process at Printing Office sufficient.

Buying, &c. or having undamped Newspapers.

Penalty,

Printers having

undamped

Newspaper*.

PenaltiM.

Printers shall ndk supply others with Sump*

L

A.D. 1?a

696

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Payment of Duty on Advertisements.

Allowance.

[Penalty.]

Neglecting to pay Dune*.

Officers felling. See.

[Penalty.]

C. 126.

52 GEO. III.

the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or their Oficcn, damped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper or other bprr as aforesaid, of which he, she or they is, are, or ftull be Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors y\ fumish or supply any other Person or Persons with any such fbaiped Paper, every such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor shall, for eiey such Offence, forfeit a Sum of Forty Pounds; and if any Perk or Persons shall make use of any damped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, which he, she or they shall receive or be furnished with by any other Person or Person than the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or their Officers, or Distributors, every such Person shall, for every inch Offence, forfeit a Sum of Forty Pounds.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall print or publish in Ireland any Advertisement or Advertiieoetti in any Pamphlet, Newspaper or other literary Performance, fall within the Spaee of Thirty Days next after the last Day of each Month, if such Advertisement or Advertisements shall be printed or published within the City of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the Stamp Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law charged thereon, to the respective Persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective Deputies or Clerks; and if printed or pabiished in any Part of Ireland, out of the Limits of the City of D&t, then to the next adjacent Officer for the time being, appointed for the Collection of Stamp Duies, and the said Commissiooen and Officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, ait hereby required upon Payment of the said Duties on such Adveitiknesti to give a Receipt or Receipts for the Duty or Duties so paid, and upon Payment thereof in the manner and within the time hmo-before for that Purpose limited, the said Commissionera or their Officers receiving the same shall make to the Person or Period paying the same out of the Sums so to be paid such Allowance thereont, any, as shall be then warranted by Law; and in Default of kb Payment within the time hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, the Printer or Publisher of every such Advertisement mail be fahb to pay Treble the Amount of the Duties then by Law chargeable thereupon, to be recovered by His Majesty with the full Cob of Suit; and if any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of a Newspaper or other Paper serving the Purposes of a Newspaper, shall witha the time hereinbefore limited for Payment of the said Duties on Adier-tisements neglect to pay the same, the said Commissioners and their Officers for distributing Stamps, stamped Vellum, Paper and Parchment respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell or deliver to or for the Use of such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, any stamped Phper for printing any Newspaper upon, until such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor so in Arrear mall nave paid and difehareed all Arrean of Advertisement Duty, to the Payment of which he was fufajed, cp to, and for the last Day of the Month, next preceding the Mash in which such Payment shall be made: and if any Officer under the said Commissioners shall knowingly fell or deliver mj lamped Paper for printing a Newspaper upon, contrary to the afawiid Prohibition, he shall upon Conviction thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and if Judgment shall be entered against any such Oicer upon Information for such Offence, every such Person flail forint to

I Ofee,

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

Ci 26.

Office, and shall be for ever disabled from holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Printer or other Per- Bond for Payson or Persons shall publish in Ireland any Newspaper, or any Paper mem of Duty, serving the Purpose of a Newspaper, unless he, me or they, together with the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Paper, and together with Two sufficient Sureties, shall previous thereto have entered into Security by Bond in a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, nor k(i than Two hundred Pounds, to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties which shall or may from time to time be payable upon all Advertisements which shall be printed therein, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and that no Officer appointed for Penalty, distributing Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Ireland, shall fell or deliver any stamped Paper for printing any public Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrences to any Person, unless such Person shall have previousy given such Security for the Payment of the said Duties; and if any Officer shall fell or deliver any stamped Paper for printing a Newspaper on, to any Person who shall not have entered into such Security, knowing that such Security was not entered into, he shall upon Convitiion thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and if Penalty. Judgment shall be entered against any such Officer upon Information -

for such Offence, every such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Materials and Fritting Mate-Utensils for Printing, used in and kept at or belonging to any Print- rials feiied lev ing House in Ireland, in which any Newspaper, or any Paper serving DutX. the Purpose of a Newspaper as aforesaid, hath been or shall be printed, into whose Hands soever the same shall have come, or shall come, or by whatsoever Conveyance or Title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the first Place, liable and subject to and are hereby charged with all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have become due for the Duties which are or have been, or from time to time shall be by Law, charged on the Advertisements which have been, or shall be printed or published in such Newspaper or other Paper as, aforesaid, and as shall be due for Fines or Penalties adjudged again 11 the Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Newspaper, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts which shall be then of force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the CoQe&ion or Regulation ofany Stamp Duties or Duty during such. time as such Materials or Utensils shall have belonged to, or been used in, or kept at such Printing House as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful in all cases to levy such Sum and Sums of Money, upon such Materials and Utensils in like manner as if the Printer or Printers of such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, w'ere the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Materials and Utensils at the time of levying the same.

CLXVI. And, for the better securing the Payment of Stamp Game Certifi-Duties on Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland, cate* be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person in Ireland not acting as a Game Keeper, under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered as herein after directed, who shall keep or ufc any Dog, or any Gun, Net or other

Mode of granting Certificate by Stamp Distributors.

Certificate.

Distributor refusing to grant Certificate.

Engine# for the taking or Destruction of Gaine, ftiaS previorfr deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing tie Nme isd Place of Abode of such Person to some Distributor of Sumps/rr-land, and shall annually take out a Certificate thereof from 0*of such Distributors, and that every Deputation or Appomtnotd % Game Keeper, granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady d i Manor# or other Person having a Right to make any such Dentition or Appointment in /re/aiu/, shall be registered with the Distributor of Stamps in the City of Dublin, or with a Distributor of Stamps in any One County, wherein such Deputation or Appeal-roent is to be of force, and the Game Keeper so appointed, ftaU n-nually take out a Certificate thereof on Vellum, Parchment or Piper, duly damped according to such Laws as shall from time to tin* be in force relating thereto, which said Vellum, Parchment or ftper respectively, with such Stamp thereon respectively, shall be farad and provided by the Person or Persons requiring such Ortifkata -respectively.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of January in each Year, every Person delivering into the Office of any such Distributor of Stamps in Ireland as aforesaid, i Paper or Account containing as is hereinbefore required, and every Game Keeper to whom any such Deputation or Appointment (ballbe granted as aforesaid, registering the same in manner aforesaid, and producing a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with the Duty which shall be then by Law required thereon; and also paying the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence to such Difbfator of Stamps as aforesaid for hie Trouble, and requiring a Certificate thereof, shall be annually entitled to such Certificate; and rvtry such Distributor of Stamps shall thereupon issue a Certificate os such stamped Paper, Vellum or Parchment, in the Form or to da Effect following; that is to say,

T yf. B. Distributor of Stamps for the County of* [or, for the District of, as the cofe sej

happen to be-] do hereby certify, that

of in the Parish of js

the Barony of and County or City [*/ the

case may be-] of hath this Day dAvered

into my Office a Paper, containing his Name and Pface of Abode, [as the case may happen to be] hath this Day registered a Deputation, whereby he is appointed a Game Keeper by

Dated this

Day of /

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Distributor of Stamps after he shall have signed such Certificate (kail forthwith issue the same stamped as hereinbefore it directed, to the Person or Persons respectively requiring the same in manner aforesaid fiad shall, previous to the Delivery thereof, be entitled to demndrad receive of and from such Person the Sum 01 Two Sbdlingf rad Six pence as aforesaid for his own Trouble in that Behai/; rad in case any such Distributor of Stamps shall upon Payment or Teoder to him of the said Sum of Two Shillings and Six peso, and on Production of such Paper, Vellum or Parchment fa damped as afart-said9 neglect or refute to issue to such Person a* adbttsaid fa delimsf

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

C.!2tf.

#99

such Piper or Account in Writing, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, a Certificate in manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed, every such Distributor of Stamps shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover be liable Penalty, to pay to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duty payable on such Certificate.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued Certificates to by aoy Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid, shall bear Date on the Day con?Jnun fojrct of the Month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and March anmwBv. rmm in force from thence until the Twenty fifth Day of March U*

next following the Date thereof, and no longer; and if any Distri* butor of Stamps shall issue any Certificate to any Person other* wife than as hereinbefore directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum af Twenty Pounds. Psnsky.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have, Keeping Dogs* Itcep or use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel &c. not certiteA or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine for the Taking or Destruction of any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, or Grouse commonly called Rid Game, ir any other Game whatsoever, without having duly obtained a Cer-jficate for the same according to Law, every such Person shall, (or: very such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom Game Keeper iny Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper shall be granted not taking out after the Commencement of this Act, shall for the 8pace of One Certificate. Calendar Month next after the time of granting the same* neglect or refuse to register the same, and take out a Certificate thereof according to Law, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Distribu- Distributors to tors of Stamps in Ireland, shall on or before the Fifth Day of every make Returns Month transmit to the Commissioners of Stamp Dutits at their of Certificates Dice in Dublin, a correct Lift in Alphabetical Order of the Cer* SraDtC(I. tificates by them respectively issued in the then last preceding Month, ind shall keep in their respective Offices correct Copies of such Lifts $ md in ease any Distributor of Stamps shall neglect or refuse to make )ut and transmit any of such Lifts as aforesaid, or to keep a coire&

Copy thereof, or shall not insert in such Liftt, a full, true and perfect Account as hereinbefore directed, of all the Persont the same ought x> contain; then and in every such case every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXIII. And be it further ena&cjjh That every such Lift Lifts of Certifi* ipon such Transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall b deposited and cates at Head iept at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and that the same and also the Dopy thereof so kept by the Distributor fending the same, shall and may within the respective Office Hours be resorted to and inspected )y any Person whatsoever, on Payment of One Shilling and no more $ lad if any such Distributor on Demand duly made within Office Hours, and on Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of On*

Shilling, shall refuse, decline, neglect or omit to produce such Copy so kept at the Office of such Distributor to the Person or Persons so denuding the same, every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to the Person or Persons so Penalty, aggrieved, or any One or more of them, who shall first sue for the

7o

Li As pub lifted.

New Deputation on Removal of Game Keeper.

Penalties.

Provifa

Production of Certificate.

IVefufiag.

C.I26.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1ia

same; the same to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commifigeenof Stamp Duties in Ireland, if it shall seem to them expedient bio do, and so ofteu and at such times, once in every Year, ai they kail think fit, shall and may publish the Lifts so transmitted to them, or cause the same to be inserted in the Newspapers circulating in od respective County, or in such public Newspapers as to them ftafl feta most proper.

CLXXV. And whereas such Deputation of a Game Keener ay be revoked or cease by Death, Resignation or Removal, before tk Expiration of such Certificate, and the Person entitled them* to make a new Deputation, may be unable to get Poflef&ou of fad Certificate 5 be it therefore enacted, That if any Lord or Lady ofa Manor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall make any new Dcputatka or Appointment within the Year, of a Game Keeper for any Mwr or Lands, in the Room of the Person previously appointed, and to whom any Certificate as aforesaid shall have been preriouflyissued; and such Person so newly appointed shall register such new Deputation or Appointment with the Distributor of Stamps, in the hue District in which such former Certificate was granted, and (haD obtain a new Certificate thereof, every former Certificate granted ii the same Year, on a Deputation signed by the same Person, shall froc thenceforth be null and void; and any Person acting under any such former Certificate, after the granting of such new and other Certificate, having Notice thereof, shall be liable to all Penalties which v? or shall be prescribed by Law, in the same manner as if no Certificate had been granted to such Person: Provided always, that ia every such case the Distributor granting such further Certfec within the Year, shall write at the Foot thereof these Words; to wit, Second/ ( Third, Fourth, and so on, as the case may be), 6r-tificate within this Year and shall subscribe such Memoraodia with his Name, and that every such further Certificate so fubfaibed shall not require any Stamp, but shall be good and valid, as if duly stamped; any Act now made, or hereafter to be made, notwithstanding, unless this Provision shall be by such future Act exprdfy repealed.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net or other Eogioe, for the taking or Destruction of Game, it shall and maybe lawful for the Occupier of the Land where he shall be so found, or for say Person or Persons having any Estate whatsoever in the said Land, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or future Interest, or for any Person who hath obtained a Certificate in manner hereinbefore directed, and shall produce the same, to demand and require from the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net or Engine as aforesaid, to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, as hems-before is directed, and every such Person shall, upon such Desad and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the ftdbn so demanding and requiring the same, and permit the ftoe to be ia. spefited accordingly; and if any such Person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or shall decline to produce or shew the same, or not having produced and shewn such Certificate, shall refuse on Demand thereof to give is la

Naoc

2.

C. 126.

701

5 20 Geo. in.

Surname, and the Place of his Residence, or shall give in >r fictitious Name or Place of Residence, every such Person jg shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds. Penalty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate here- Certificate n#

1 to be issued by any Distributor of Stamps, shall not au* Qualification.

1 enable any Person to use any Greyhound, Hound, Poin-bg Dog* Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other ir the Taking or Destruction of Game at any time or times,

I Place, or in any manner prohibited by any Law now in thereafter to be made, nor shall give to any Person any Right ^Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel or other "any Gun, Net or other Engine for the Taking or Destruc-Same, unless such Person shall be otherwise duly qualified by to do, nor in any Place in which such Person would not other-t a Right to ule the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Pro- Onus Probandi. or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any Person )ing or using any Dog, Gun, Net or Engine for the Taking ruction of Game, without having obtained a Certificate duly 1 in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has such Certificate duly stamped, shall lie on the Party against such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced,

on the Party complaining; any Law or Usage to the court withstanding.

(XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Limitation of all be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for A&ioos. ng done under the Authority of or in pursuance of this Act, ay Ad which shall then be in force in Ireland, relating in any the Payment or Regulation of Stamp Duty or Duties, save otherwise particularly directed, then and in every such case the ftion or Suit shall be commenced within' Six Calendar Months e Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in unty or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise and not ire, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit wrought may plead the General lfsue, and give the special Central UTo4 in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the as done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act or her Acts as aforesaid; and if it shall appear to be so done, tj such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time before for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any County, City: e, other than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the f in such Action shall be nonsuited, and if the Plaintiff or 7s shall be so or otherwise nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or (is, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the 7 or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may re-[Yeble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the same as any TfeUe q0 % u lant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases

w.

(XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts is, are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the at or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or L>uties, ashall oe paid

and

Penalties payable in British Currency.


70a C. 12<J. 5J GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Recovery of Penalties by Action or Civil Bill

Condemnation of Goods feiaed before One Justice; who may determine Claim!.

Fee.

and payables and received and receivable in British Currency, unless otherwise expressly directed.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures'imposed or to be imposed by or under this Act, or any Amendment thereof, or any other Act or Acts which is or are or shall be in force in Inland, in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty, may be recovered with Costs of Suit by any Person who shall sue for the same, save where the contrary is parti* cularly directed, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in DnUm % in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One imparlance shall be allowed, or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Re* corder. Chairman or Assistant Barrister within whose Local Jurisdiction such Offence shall have been committed; and that every such Penalty not particularly directed to be otherwise applied shall belong, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person suing for the same, and that the like Appeal shall and may be lawful from the Decision on any such Civil Bill, and under all the same Terms, Regulations and Conditions as in the case of any Civil Bill for any Sum not exceeding Ttwenty Pounds in an Action of Debt on a Bond, Bill or Specialty for Payment of Money only.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case ia which by or under the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Irdmdt relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, any Seizure is directed or permitted to be made, the Person or Persons making such Seizure shall within Ten Days from the time of making such Seizure, leave at the Office of the Dill rib u for of the District wherein such Seizure shall have been made, a.Note in Writ* ing signed by such Person or Persons, stating the Time and Place of such Seizure, and the Reason for making the same, which Note shall be immediately filed at the said Office; and io every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owners of such Goods so seized, or of any Part thereof, at any time after the filing of such Note and within Twenty one Days froa the Day of such Seizure, to require and obtain at such Office a Copy of such Note, paying for the same a Sum of One Shilling and no moit, and to leave at such Office a Claim in Writing signed by such Person or Persons, stating his or her Place of Abode, and claiming such Goods Co seized, or any Part thereof that may be specified theseia, as or on Behalf of the Owner or Owners, or One of the Owners thereof, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons (o making such Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of such Seizure, to require a Copy of fuen Claim, paying for the tame One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Justice of the Peace in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town wherein such Seizure shall have been so made, for a Summons to the Person or Persons b making such Claim, and such Justice of the Peace shall ifTnc such Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every such Claimant to appear before him at a Time and Place to be therein named for the De* cilion of such Claim; and such Summons being duly fated on such Claimant or Claimants, either personally, or at his, her or their Place

tr

A.D. 1812.

C. 126.

TQ3

52 GEO. III.

or Places of Abode mentioned in such Claim, and Copies of such Seizing Note and Claim, attested by the Distributor of such District, or Person or Persons acting as such, being produced before such Justice of the Peace, he shall and may proceed to hear the Merits thereof, and such Evidttice or AdmifGons, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and shall thereupon, or upon the Non Appearance of cither Party, decide on the Merits of such Seizure, and make his Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it shall ApptA and may be lawful to and for either Party against whom such Adjudication shall be so made, at any time within Ten Days from the making thereof, to appeal therefrom in manner herein after mentioned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Adjudication, who shall in fc fnmmary way hear and decide on the same 5 and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices at Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to him or them shall seem meet.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Person of Sciiure* urfitr* Persons so making such Seizure shall not leave such Note in Writing ful for want of at such Distributor* s Office as aforesaid, or in case of such Claim Notice, &<. being put in as aforesaid, shall not cause such Summons to be issued and served as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been unlawfully made; and if, after the filing of such Seizing Note as aforesaid, such Claim shall not be made as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been lawful and just, and if such Summons shall have been issued, then the Adjudication of such Justice, if not effectually appealed from, and in case of such Appeal the Decision of such Court of Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Party defirou9 Recognizaa* nf making such Appeal shall within Ten Days from the making of on Appeal, such Adjudication enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties before the Justice making such Adjudication, or in his Absence before any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or-County of a City, in such Sum as such Justice shall think proper, to pay the Costs, if any, which may be adjudged against him, her or them thereon, and that if he, she or they shall not do so, such Appeal shall be considered as null and void.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may How Penalii* be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland within whole Ju- n<* exceeding rifdi&ioB any Offence for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty 4* reco*ere- Pounds shall be committed against this Act, or against any other Act or Acts m force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireland wilting in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, in which it is not expressly directed to the con-'tTaiy, and every such Justice is hereby authorised, empowered and required upon any Information or Complaint in such case to summon the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Fad, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confession of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Wit-eft or Witnesses, to give Judgment for such Penalty, and there#

upon

C. 126.

A.D. 1812.

7<M

52 GEO. III.

AppiL

iurtUrari

I Imitation of Complaint.

Witnesse* refusing to attend.

upon to HTue his Warrant under hk Hand and Seal, for levying such Penalty on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace or any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City or Town in which such Conviction shall be, is hereby authorised and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for such time as he shall judge to be proper, not less than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendv Months, unicfs such Penalty shall be sooner paid; and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party convicted, shall find himself or bcrfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person upon giving sufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice, in case such Appeal shall be by the Prosecutor, to pay such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed; and in case such Appeal shall be by the Party convicted, then upon giving such Security to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed by such Conviction, together with such Costs as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justice or Justices at the next General Sessions of the County which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Conviction shall have been made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed, if such County shall be divided into Dif-trids, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County or County of a Town or City which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter SefBons respectively; and such Justices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath and finally hear and determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to him or them (h3l seem meet, and such Justice or Justices of the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may thereupon proceed in the same manner in all respects as the Justice making such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not taken place, and no Certiorari shall in any case be granted to examine or remove any such Conviction whether before or after such Appeal.

CLXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for any Offence committed against this Act or any other Act, empowering or in soy wife relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, unless Complaint shall be made within Twelve Mouths from the time of committing such Offence.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in any of the said cases before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, (the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses being first paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justicd

at

A.D. 1812.

C. 126.

705

52 GEO. III.

at Sessiona respectively,) or, upon appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence Before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by Such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sef-(ions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or informer com-any other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty under this A A, or petent Wiuuft. under any Act imposing or in any wise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in any Suit to be instituted in any of the said superior Courts, or by Civil Bill, or before a Justice or Justices, or at Sessions, any Informer or other Person who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proposition thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, shall nevertheless be received and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding 5 and such Testimony shall, if believed, be Sufficient thereon to all Intents and Purposes, as far as the same Testimony could be, if given by any indifferent Person.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Form of Con-Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any of the* v&ion. Offences aforesaid, or of any Offence under any Act in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, without Setting forth the Evidence, or (taring the case in any more particular manner that is to say,

4 15 E it remembered. That on the Day of

4 13 in the Year of our Lord A.B. of

# in the County of [or, County of the City or Town of, as the case may be]9

was convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of [or. County of

4 a City, fcfr.], for that the said A.B. on the Day of

now last past, at in the said

4 County of -did \here state the Offence], contrary to

the Statute in that case made and provided; and I do therefore adjudge the Said A.B. to have forfeited a Sum of British Currency. Given under my Hand and Seal the

4 Day of

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly Convifliom re-

upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Days from the Day of nJr"cd' Cler*

such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or 0 6 cace'

County of a City, or County of a Town, as the case may be, or

Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to

aeraain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or

Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit So to do, he (nail,

for every such Offence, forfeit Ten Pounds. Penalty.

CXC. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant to be issued by forn> of War* such Justice of the Peace for levying any Penalty under any such Con- pnt jrlciryhlt vict ion from the Goods of such Offender, shall be in the Form follow- eDa Iefc ing, or in some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, which '

Form

(_J

joG C. 12 <5. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1811.

Form of Warrant of Committd.

Form of Committal.

Form of Warrants, Sec. os Affirmation of Con vision on Appeal.

Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purpose t; that if to

County of to wit. To M. and AT.

and each of them, and their and each of their AMarits. - \I WHEREAS on the Day of

now last past, E. F. of was duly coa-

vided, for that be [or, (he] on the Day of

then last past, at in the said

4 County of [or. County of the City or Town of

as the case may he] did [here jet out the OffenceJ; and thereupon the said E, F. hath become liable to a Fine or

Penalty of British Currency. I do therefore by

these rrefents authorize and command you and each of you to take

into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency

thereof for levying the said Sum thereout, wherever you shall find

the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the same, you are by public Sale thereofto levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E, F. the Overplus, ifany, and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to me without

Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my

Hand and Seal, this Cay of

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer fudi Penalty, and Warrant! shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or Offenders, the same shall be in the same Form as the said Warrant lad mentioned, to the Words ' I do therefore by these Presects; ' which Words and all from thence to the Words ( disposed of according to ' Law, ' indufive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or (ome other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be lafeited ia their Place; to wit,

And whereas on the Day of a Warrant

' was issued to levy the said Sum from the Goods of the said Of* 4 fender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, I do therefore hereby authorize and command you tod

each of you to take the Body of the said E. F* wheresoever you

shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the hid

C.D. or any other Magistrate of the said County.'

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warant, five only that (the Directions thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler, and that from and after the WordsI do therefore hereby authorize and command

you, ' there shall follow these Words*to receive into your Cailody the Body of the said E. F. and him [or, her] safely to keep

from the Date hereof, unlefe the said Sun Sadi

4 be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

Day of

And each and every of the said Forms or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid, in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

CXCI. And be it farther enabled, That if any such Coavi&km as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Seflons, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals for carrying the same into Execution fcaff br granted by the Justice or Justices fb affirming the same, Or any jd

them,

77

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 126.

them, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively* or some other Form of Word3 of the same Import respectively

County of to wit. To M. and N. and

each of them, their and each of their Assistants

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year

4 E. F, of was duly convicted before a

Justice of the Peace for the said County, for that he [or, she] on the Day of then lad pad, at

in the said County did [here set out the Offence] and thereupon the said E. F. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of

British Currency: And whereas the said E. F. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions, which hath affirmed the same with

Cods, making together with the said Fine or Penalty

the Sum of: These are therefore to authorize

' and command you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof, for levying the said lad mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum, within Six Days from the Day of taking the same, you are by public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E. F. the Overplus, if any,

1 and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us or one of us, [or,

to me, cis the case may be] without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, under my Hand and Seal] this Day of /

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, and Form of War-a Warrant shall thereupon be iffutd for committing such Offender or nt of Corn-Offenders, the same shall be in the same Form as the said Warrant last n"tt*L mentioned, to the Words*these are therefore to authorize and command you; which Words and all from thence to the Words*dif-

posed of according to Law' inclusive, shall be omitted; and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit.

4 And whereas on the Day of

4 a Warrant was issued to levy the said Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, We [or, I] do therefore hereby authorize

and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said

E> F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring

him before us [or, me.']

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only'that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler, and that from and after the Words We [or, I] do therefore hereby authorize andcom-

mand you, there shall follow these Words, to take into your

Custody the Body of the said E. F and him [or, her] safely to

keep for from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum

shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, my

4 Hand and Seal] this Day of .>

And each and every of the said Forms or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good add valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

53Gx*III..Z* CXCII. And

7e

c. 126.

A.Dir8u.

Clerk of Peaev to fend Copies of CoinritHtwis to Stamp Distributor*, and they 10 Commissioners.

[Penalty.]

The King's Share of Penal* tie*, fee. paid to Receiver General, Lc.

[Penalty.]

One Penalty for one Offence.

Provifs.

I offices, Sec. refilling to ad.

Penalty,

5*6ant

CXCII. And bte it further eim&ed* That every Clerk of the Pence in Ireland shall within One Calendar Month after any such Conviction shall have been returned to his Office, fumish to the next Distributor of Stamps, or to some Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction signed by himself, for which he shall receive from such Distributor the Sum of One Shilling and no more f and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy so Ggned to the said ComBriiTiotoers of Stamps at their Head Office nr Dwm; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Distributor shall negkd or omit so t6 do respectively, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pound*.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That such Part, Share and Proposition at shall be payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Su-ceffort, of, from or out of any Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine payable or recoverable under this Act, or any Amendment thereof, or under any Ad or Ad* which shall in any wise relate to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties in Ireland and the Fines payable by Distributors as aforesaid, shall unkfs ofcberwife particularly dimefed, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace or other Person by whom the some shall have teen so levied or received* to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the same shall have been so levied in the County of Dwbbn, or County of the City of Dublin, and if in any other Part of 7w/W, then to some Distributor of Stamps resident in the County where tir Offence was committed, and if any such Justice of the Peace or other Person shall neglect or omit so to pay over the same, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CXCIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if different Proceedings shall be had or taken against the same Person for the fatne Offence, in the several Modes authorised by this Act, such Person shall nevertheless be liable only to One Penalty, the Right to which (halt depend on the Priority of the Proceedings for Recovery of the same; and if any Question shall arise concerning the Priority of such Proceedfaigs, then and in such case the Proceeding under which the Party complained of shall have been first duly served with Summons or other Process, which shall be afterwards proceeded 00 without Delay by the Party informing or prosecuting, shall be coi-fidered as entitled to, and shall have Priority over any other Proceeding. for the same Offence, and shall accordingly vest the Right to the Penalty duly fought thereby: Provided nevertheless, that if the Person against whom any such Proceedings shall be taken, shall be an Attorney of any of the superior Courts in Dublin, then the Service of Notice of a Declaration filed shall for the Purposes afare-said be of the same Effect as the Service of Summons or Process as aforesaid.

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer, in Ireland, shall negleri or nrfufe in any Inft&nce to carry into Execution this Act, or any Act or Acts which is or shall be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, or any of the Provisions thereof, upon a proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Pfeace, Magistrate or Peace Officer, Anil forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Negled or Refufek

'.cxcvr And

A.B.1812.

5r GEO. III. C. 126, 127. 709

CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Justices may lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by Order and mitigate Penal-under the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of ties under Order Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to mitigate any Fine, Penaky or 0 lca ury' Forfeiture which shall be incurred by any Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid, or which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties iii Ireland, so far as concerns the Proposition of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by such Justice of Peace, payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Commencement several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall of Ad commence and take Effect from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the making of Starch from r W Wheat or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of t Man, should be prohibited for a limited time: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Starch, Hair Powder No Starch, &c. or Blue, shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, Barley, Rice1, made from Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Tiling used for the ^keat, &c. Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes,

Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the Continuance Making Starch of this Act, any Maker or Makers of Starch, or other Person or from Wheat, &c. Persons whatever, shall make or begin to make Starch, Hair Powder or Blue from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture With Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid in any Vat, Trough or other Utensil or Vessel, any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used Fdr the Food of Man, for the Puruofc of itiakaug Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, then and in each and every such case such Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, or other Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody ot Possession any Vat, Trough or other UtenfiT or

Z z 2 Vessel

A.D. 1812.

710

[Penalty.]

i Provif#.

Wheat, &c. found in any Starch House, &c. forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Starch Houses or other Places fufpcaed entered.

Samples taken of Preparations on paying 3d. per Pound.

C. 127. 52 GEO. III.

VeflVl which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this Act shall be found, shall severally and respectively (over and above all other Penalties imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament already in force) forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Bariev, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, together with every such Vat* Trough or other Utensil or Vessel shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officer* of Excise: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to subject any Starch Maker to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his completing or finishing any Operation of Starch making from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, openly put in Fermentation in his entered Starch House, on or before the Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so that such Operation shall be continued without wilful Delay; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, shall, duiing the Continuance of this Act, be found in any Starch House, or in any Place wherein Starch shall be preparing or making, or wherein any Starch shall have been prepared or made, or which shall have been or shall be entered for making or preparing of Starch, all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man respectively shall be forfeited, together with the Vessels, Sacks, Bags and other Things containing the same, and thp same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession or Occupation such Starch House or Place shall be, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or any Two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain at any time or times with any Officer or Officers of Excise, or for any Officer or Officers of Excise to enter into any Starch House or any other Place whatever, wherein any Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, shall be or shall be suspected to be preparing or making or prepared or made; and every such Officer of Excise and Person So authorised as aforesaid shall have free Admittance into, and may insped all the Materials, Vessels and Utensils contained in any such Starch House or other Place (giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the lawful Business which shall be there carrying on), and in case any such Officer of Excise shall have reason to fulped that any Wheat, Bariev, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man is mixed in any Waters or Liquids, or with any other Materials or Preparations whatsoever, or is othewife in Operation for preparing or making Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, it shall be lawful for such Officer at any time or times daring the Continuance of this Act, upon Payment of Three pence prr^Pound

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 127. 711

Weight (if demanded) to take a Sample not exceeding Fifty Pounds Weight of any such Mixtures in Waters or Liquids or other Materials or Preparations which shall be found in any such Starch House or other Place aforesaid; and in case any Maker of Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, or the Owner or Occupier of any such Starch House or Place, or any Workman or Servant belonging to any such Maker or Makers, or Owner or Occupier, shall refuse to admit such Person Refilling, or Persons as shall be so authorised, or any Officer or Officers of Excise into any such Starch House or Place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Person or Persons in making such Inspedron as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample after the said Sum of Three pence per Pound Weight shall be paid or tendered for the same, every fuen Maker, Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Two Penalty, hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of Excise or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or any Justice or Justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, Seizure* made take and carry away all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Wheat, &c. Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, and hjUI*d on also all such Mixtures or Waters or Liquids, or other Materials or cn"less Preparations as shall be found in any such Starch House or other Place, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags and other Things in which the said Commodities or any of them shall be contained.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Makers of may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder or Starch, &c.not f Blue, to have or keep for his, her or their necessary Use, in anynr*[* Dwelling House, Room or Place, (not being an entered House, ^heu Sc^in Room or Place for making or preparing of Starch) any Quantity of PoiTeinoa. Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, not exceeding at any one time the Quantity of Eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley,

Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal; and that if any such Maker or Makers shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be possessed of or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust or for the Use or Benefit of such Maker, more than Eight Bushels of Wheat,

Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, at any one time, in any one or more Place or Places, every such Maker or Makers shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit all such Wheat, Barley, Penalty.

Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal, exceeding the said Quantity

of Eight Bushels, and also the Sum of Five Pounds for every Bushel

so forfeited: Provided always, nevertheless, that this Act shall not Proviso for

extend to inflid the said last mentioned Forfeiture or Penalty or Growers of

either of them, upon any Maker of Starch who shall be the afhialn<f

Grower of Wheat, Barley or other Grain, and shall be possessed of surch*Maxer*.

any Quantity of such Wheat, Barley or other Grain in the Straw

grown by him, or after such Wheat, Barley or other Grain is threshed

out or separated from the Straw, provided that such Wheat, Barley

or other Grain shall not be kept in his Possession or in the Possessing

of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, for a greater

Space of time than Twenty Days after the same shall be threshed or

separated from the Straw, and so as such Wheat, Barley or other

[Proviso.]

Grain be not kept in any Place used for making, preparing or keeping Starch: Provided also, that this Act /half not extend to

inflid

714

A.D. 1812.

Jfot complying with Regulations.

[Penalty.]

Sumps, &c. provided by Commissioners of E*cife for stamping, Sec. Labels to Starch on Imporutiut.

Forging Sump pi Seals.

C. 127. 52 GEO. III.

shall on being required by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise so to do, immediately wrap all such Starch in Paper* of the Colours or one of them herein after mentioned and no other, each such Paper containing not less than Four Pounds Weight nor more than Seven Pounds Weight of Starch, and also tie up every such Wrapper, where the Ends of the Paper containing such Starch shall be folded, and also strongly affix or paste with warm Paste made from Glue, on the Outside of every such Wrapper, after the same shall be so tied, a Label of very tnin Paper Three Inches long and Three Inches broad at the least, and of a different Colour from the Paper in which the Starch shall be wrapped; that is to say, if such Starch shall be wrapped in blue or brown Paper the said Label shall be with white, and if such Starch shall be wrapped in white Paper such Label shall be blue, and shall also affix and paste every such Label on the Foldings of both Ends of the Paper enclosing such a Quantity of Starch, and in such a manner as to prevent the opening of the said Paper containing such Starch without tearing such Label; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend to fee such Starch papered and tied in manner aforesaid, and such Label affixed and passed on every such Paper containing such Starch; and such Officer or Officers shall cause every such Label affixed and passed on every such Paper containing Starch to be damped or sealed with such Stamp or Seal as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for that Purpose; and if any such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of Starch imported or brought into this Kingdom shall neglect or refuse so to remove any such Starch, or to deposit the same as aforesaid, or to wrap any such Starch in Paper as aforesaid, or to tie up any such Paper as aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such Label as aforesaid, all and every such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Conugnees so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them in England and Scotland respectively shall provide proper Stamps or Seals for the stamping or sealing the Labels affixed or parted on Paper containing all Starch which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom and prepared in pursuance of this Act, and shall cause such Stamps or Seals to be distributed to the proper Officers of Excise for the Purpose before mentioned, which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using the same, to do no Hurt or Damage or the least Hurt or Damage that may be, to the Starch or to the Paper wherein the same shall be so wrapped; which Stamps or Seals shall and may be varied, altered or renewed from time to time as the said Commissioners of Excise respectively or the major Part of them respectively shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time forge or counterfeit any Sump or Seal to rriemMe any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act for stamping or sealing Starch imported, or shall counterfeit or rriem-ble the Impression of the same upon any Paper containing any Starch, thereby to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successor* of any of the Duties upon Starch, then every Person so offending being thereof convicted in due Form of Law shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Yean j amd^fany

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 127. 715

Person or Persons shall at any time fell any Starch with any such TrahCpomtion, forged or counterfeited Stamp, Seal or Impression thereon, knowing Selling with the same to be forged and counterfeited, and with an Intent to de- forsed fraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Starch, or shall knowingly, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Starch, fix or cause to be fixed the Label of any Paper stamped or sealed according to the Directions of this Act to any Starch other than that which was inclosed in such Paper at the time when the Label thereof was stamped or foaled by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise according to the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Starch imported or starch importd brought into this Kingdom shall be found in any Place belonging to found not wrap-any Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch, or in the Custody or Possession Ped upin Pap* of any Person or Persons to or for the Use or Benefit of any such Maker, n ?!iner re' or Makers or Dealer or Dealers in such Starch, not being wrapped ped in pTper*" in Paper as aforesaid, or wrapped in Paper which shall be found not not stamped, stamped or labelled as aforesaid, all such Starch shall be forfeited, toge- forfeited.

ther with all and singular the Casks, Chests, Cases, Bags or other Packages containing the same; and such Starch, Casks, Chests, Cases,

Bags and other Packages respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customa or Excise, and the Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch to whom such Place shall belong, and also such other Person or Persons as aforesaid in whose Possession such Starch shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Pro- Ficeptinm vided always, nevertheless, that nothing in tbi9 Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to forfeit any such Starch which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, nor any such Calk, Chest, Case, Bag or other Package containing the same, for or by reaton of fu$: h Starch being found not wrapped in Paper stamped or labelled as last aforesaid, such Starch being made into Hair Powder, or being taken out of the Papers in the Possession of any Hair Powder Maker or Blue Maker, for the Purpose of immediately manufacturing the same into Hair Powder or into Blue; or any Quantity of Starch not exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight in the Possession of any Dealer in or Seller of Starch, and taken out of the Papers for immediate or current Sale; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it may happen that the Paper wherein any Starch imported shall be contained, after the same has been stamped as aforesaid, may by Accident be broken or damaged 5 Be it therefore enacted, That when the Paper wherein any such Starch shall be Paper containing

contained shall by any Accident be broken or damaged, and the Starch Starch damaged Maker or Dealer in Starch to whom the same belongs shall be deiiroua of having the same repapered and restamped, such Maker or Dealer g^g6Notice to shall give to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise within whose Sur- jgxcise Officer, vey he or she shall be, Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing that such Maker or Dealer desires to have such Starch repapered and restamped, that thereupon and upon the Production of such broken Paper, with the Label and Stamp or Seal thereof to such Officer or Officers, and leaving the same with him or them, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, being satisfied that such Starch had before been duly stamped or fealei} as aforesaid, and that the Paper or Papers

containing

C.I28.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

certain Dimensions to ptovide Ladder and Plank to enable] Officers to gauge.

[Penalty.]

Maltsters not to have more than Five Floors of Malt arising from same Cif-tern, in Malt Houses at same time.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

easily, safely and fccitrely have Access to the same, and conveniently gauge, in any Part of Two Sides of such Cistem, the Corn or Grain which shall at any time be contained therein; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, for the wetting or deeping any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, have or use any Cidern of greater Length or Breadth than the Length or Breadth of Nine Feet, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall find and provide a good and sufficient Ladder of a proper and convenient Length and Breadth, with a good and sufficient moveable Board or Plank of a proper and convenient Length, Breadth and Thickness, to be laid across such Cidern, in any Part thereof, so as to enable any Officer of Excise easily, safely and securely to move along and dand upon such Board or Plank, and to guage in any Part of nich Cidern the Corn or Grain which shall at any time be contained therein; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall from time to time, and at all times, permit and suffer any Officer or Officer* of Excise to use such Ladder and Board or Plank respectively at his or their free Will and Pleasure, for the Purpose in that Behalf aforesaid; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refute to cret, make or con(lrut any Cidern for the wetting or deeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, in such Manner and Form as is hereinbefore directed and required, or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who {half for the wetting or deeping of any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, have or use any Cidern of greater Length or Breadth than the Length and Breadth in that Behalf aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to find or provide such Ladder and Board or Plank as aforesaid, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officere of Excise to use the same or either of them, in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Mak so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds

II. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at one and the same time have or keep in any Malt House to him, her or them belonging, more than Five Floors or Quantities of Malt, or Corn or Gsain making into Malt (in the Couch or on the Floor or Kiln, or all or any of them) wetted in or arising from, or pretended to have been wetted in or to have arisen from, or denoted by its Place of Deposit in such Malt House to have been wetted in or to have arisen from one and the same Cittern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at one and the same time have in any Malt' House to him, her or them belonging (in the Couch, or on the Floor or Kiln, or all or any of them) more than Five Floors or Quantities of Malt, or Cora or Grain making into Malt, wotted in or arising from, or pretended to hare been wetted in or to have arisen from, or denoted by its Place of Deposit in fOch Malt House to have been wetted in or to have arisen from one and the same Cidern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, neverthelef3, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or condrued to extend to subject any Maltster or Maker of Malt to the said lad mentioned Penalty, for or by reason of his, her or their fepirating or dividing any one or more of his, her or their Floors or Quant ities of Malt, either into Two or more Pieces, for the Purpose of working such Pieces separate and apart from each

other,

A.D. 1812.

Ci 28.

719

52 GEO. III.

other, in the same Malt House in which such Floors or Quantities of Malt respectively were steeped; nor for or by reason of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt separating or dividing the oldest of his, her or their Floors solely for the Purpose of the Removal thereof to the Kiln for the immediate drying thereof; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster and Maker of Malrfters to by Malt shall put, lay and deposit on the Floor or Floors of his, her or Floorsof Cora their Malthouse, all and every of his, her or their Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt, in regular Succession one before Seniority, another according to the Seniority of such Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of,

Malt, shall put, lay or deposit on the Floor or Floorsof his, her or their Malthouse, any or either of his, her or their Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt, otherwise than in regular Suc-ceilion one before the other, according to the Seniority of such Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain, or shall put, lay or deposit any Floor or Quantity of Corn or Grain making into Malt, of a less Age or later time of taking from or out of the Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, before; that is to say, more remote from such Cistem, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil than any Floor or,

Quantity of Corn or Grain making into Malt of a greater Age or earlier time of taking from or out of the Cillern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt Maltftm not to shall empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any Cillern, empty Cifterr.s Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil by him, her or them used for mor*

the wetting or deeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, within m 96 HcUrs the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the last preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of the said Cistem, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil; nor shall any Maltster or Maker of Malt, within the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the last preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of any Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any other Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, in the same House or Building, or under one and the same Roof, with such Cistern,

Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil by him, her or them used for the wetting or steeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, within the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the taft preceding emptying or taking Corn or Grain from or out of the said Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, or shall within the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the last preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of any Cillern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, empty or take any Cora or Grain from or out of any other Cistern, IJting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, in the same House or Building, or under one and the same Roof with such Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or

Utensil;

A.D. 1812.

[Penalty.]

Maltsters to empty at lime tune all Citterns.

[Penalty.]

Proviib.

Maltster* not to keep Com more than 55 Hours in Steep.

[Penalty.]

Maltsters not to

mix Com of different Wettings, either on Floor or Kiln.

[Penalty.]

C.ia8. 54 GEO. III.

Utensil; then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Midi

so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lok the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Mah (halt, for the wetting or Aeeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, use or employ Two or more Ci(terns, Uting Vati or other Vessels or Utensils in one and the same House or Building, or under one and the same Roof, then audin every such case no such Maltster or Maker of Mah shall empty or take Corn or Grain from or out of such Citterns, Uting Vats or other Vessels or Utensils, on different Days, or at different times from each other, but shall empty and take all such Corn or Grain from and out of all such Citterns, Uting Vats and other Vessels or Utensils on the same Days and it the same Honrs of the same Days respectively: And it any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any such Citterns, Uting Vats, or other Vesseli or Utensils, at different times or on different Days, or at different Houn of the same Day, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and k>fe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, Bewr-theless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any Maltster or Maker of Mk to the said last mentioned Penalty, for or by reason of his, her or their emptying or taking Corn or Grain from or out of any Two or more Citterns, Uting Vats or other Vessels or Utensils, at different times of the same Day, if the emptying or taking of the Corn or Grain from or out of the last of such Two or more Citterns shall hate been finished within Three Hours from the thtie of beginning the emptying and taking of Corn or Grain from and out of the Cittern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil which shall have been first begun to be emptied; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Mah, having wetted or begun to wet any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, shall continue the same or any Part thereof in Steep or covered with Water for any longer Space of time than Fifty five Hoort from the time of its being first begun to be wetted 5 and if any Makftet or Maker of Malt, having wetted or begun to wet any Corn or Grain to b made into Malt, shall continue the same or any Part thereof ia Steep or covered with Water, for any longer Space of time than Fifty five Hours from the time of its being first begun to be wetted; then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt, so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofethe Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Milt shall mix, either in the Couch or on the Floor, or on the Kiln, any Corn or Grain of one Wettingor Steeping with or atttongst any Corn or Grain of another or different Wetting or Steeping; and if any Maltster or Maker of Mah shall mix, either in the Couch or on the Floor, or on the Kiln, any Corn or Grain of one Wetting or Steeping with or amongst any Corn or Gram of another or different Wetting or Steeping, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, fbrftttand lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 128, ?2c^ 721

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons Obftmaing shall aifauk, oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers Officers, of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers

or Authorities to him or them by this Act given or granted, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, Penalty, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be k forther enacted, That all Pines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or How recovered, mitigated, by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, m any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rules, Former Act* Regulations Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and x Car. c. 24. Tbmgt, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of thee*m Force* Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away

the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in linn thereof or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided, settled or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining or securing the Duties on Malt, or any of them 5 or for preventing, deteding or punishing Frauds relating thereto; shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Chmfes, Matters and Things were more particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commencement take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained in of Act. respect of which no especial Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of 48 G. 3. c. 142.

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the ReduSion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt were enabled under certain Limitations and Restrictions to

frant Life Annuities charged upon and payable out of the Sinking und, in Consideration of the Transfer to them of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities; and which Ad was amended by another Act passed io the Forty ninth Year 49 G 3. c. 6* of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an sfff

passed Vj

7 22

A.D. 1812.

I/tfe Annuities jrrnted on Terms specifwd in Schedules annexed.

G. y c. 142.

5.

Before whom Affidavits or Affirmations taken.

C. 129: 52 GEO. III.

4 PnJftd in thi last Session of Parliament, for endbTing the Commissioners for the ReduBion of the National Debt to grant Eife Annuities: And whereas no Provision is made in the said first recited Act or in the Tables thereto annexed, for the granting of auy Life Annuities in case the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated c or Reduced Bank Annuities shall be under Sixty or above Eighty one: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made

for granting Life Annuities, in case and whenever the avtrage

Price of the Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall be under Sixty or above Eighty one; and that the said first recited Act fliquld be amended in other respects Be it therefore enacted,

by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities respectively, shall be above Fifty and under Sixty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the several Limitations, Restrictions and Regulations directed and provided in the said several recited Acts and this Act, to grant Life Annuities, either on a single Life, or on the Continuance of Two Lives, as the case may be, of such annual Amounts respectively, as are specified in the Tables in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (A.) and (B.); and that whenever the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities respectively shall be Eighty one or at any higher average Price, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners under the like Limitations, Restrictions and Regulations, to grant Life Annuities, either on a single Life or on the Continuance of Two Lives, as the case may be, of the like annual Amounts respectively, as under and by virtue of the said first recited Act might have been granted, in case the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities were Eighty and under Eighty one.

II. And whereas the Affidavits or Affirmations by the said first recited Act required, in order to enable the granting of any Life Annuity, or the Receipt thereof under the same, are in certain cases directed to be taken, if in England'f before One or more of the Judges of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or if in Scotland or Ireland, before One or more of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively: And whereas the said Provisions have been found productive of Incon-

venience Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Affidavits or Affirmations in any of the cases before referred to made or taken, if in England or Ireland, before the Justices or Magistrates assembled at the Quarter Sessions for any County, Riding, City, Town or Place, and certified by any Tw, o or more of such Justices or Magistrates, to have been so made or taken, or if in Scotland, before any Sheriff, or Steward Depute qr Substitute, and certified by him to have been so made and taken, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes as if such Affidavits or Affirmations had been made or taken in England before a Judge of one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Scotland or Ireland before One of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively 5 any thing in

A.D. 1812. 5* GEO. III. C. 129. 723

the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it is provided by the said first recited Act, 48 G. 3. c. 142.

that upon the Death of any single Nominee or the Survivor of any 15.

4 Two Joint Nominees, a Sum equal to One fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon his or her Life (over and above all Arrears

thereof respectively, shall be payable to the Person or Persons entitled to the said Annuity, or to his or her Executors, Administrators or Alliens, as the case may be, on the Half yearly Day of Payment next succeeding the Death of such Nominee, provided the same shall be claimed within the Period limited by the said Act, upon the Production of a Certificate of the Death of such Nominee, specifying the Day on which he or she shall have died,

together with an Affidavit in Proof of the Identity of such

4 Nominee; Be it further enacted, That a Certificate of the Burial On claiming One of any such Nominee, together with an Affidavit in Proof of theourthAn-Identity of such Nominee, such Affidavit dating also the Day on onLifeoffingle* which such Nominee shall have died, to be respectively granted and see. Nominee, taken by and before such and the like Persons as by the said (ird Certificate of recited Act are authorised and empowered to grant Certificates and Burial of Nomi-to adminster Affidavits in Proof of a Nominee being living, shall, on v^ondentif*14 Production thereof to the proper Officer, be as valid and effectual produced!" to enable the Person or Persons entitled to an Annuity, or his other Executors, Administrators or Assigns, as the case may be, to claim One fourth Part thereof, and also to enable the proper Officer to grant his Certificate, as provided in the Schedule to the said first recited Act marked (G.) as if a Certificate of the Day of the Death of such Nominee had been produced.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in any cases where Two or In cases wher* more Annuities shall have been purchased upon the Life of the same Two or more Nominee or Nominees, and a Certificate or Certificates in the Terms of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in Proof of such Nominee lame Nominee, or Nominees being living, shall have been produced to the proper Production of Officer by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons entitled to any Certificate as to One of such Annuities, in respect of One of such Annuities, it shall ^entity and may be lawful for the proper Officer to grant a Certificate or c, eut Certificates in the Form specified in the Schedule to the said fird recited Act annexed, for the Purpose of enabling the Person or Per, son9 entitled to any other Annuities payable in respect of the Life of such Nominee or Nominees, to receive his, her or their Annuity, without requiring the Production of any further Certificates 5 but upon the Production of the Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, as to the Identity of such Nominee as are required by the said recited Acts or by this Act.

V. And whereas it is expedient that the Schedule marked (C.) 48 G 3. c. 14a.

to this Act annexed, should be substituted and adopted in lieu of Schcdul* B.

the Schedule marked (B.) to the said first recited Act annexed; repealed.

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the said first recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed shall be substituted for and in Hen of the said Schedulr marked (B.) to the said first recited Act annexed, and shall be used and applied in the same manner and for all 51 GEO. III. 3 A tht

7M

U ink to make '2, to 5li Jan. y eatly, A (.count of uitclaimc j Annai*.i*> for luce Years.

Prjt: ry.

Fv ry'nj Affii! i v ts or Leiuti-

C4toi.

D^atlu

Quorum*

Provisions of A'.is, ncert

to (l ^1)(, Ac*,

C.iajjr.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

the Purposes to which the said Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the said first recited Act was used or applicable.

V1. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required to cause ati Account to be made up to the Fifth Day of January in every Year, of all Life Annuities granted in pursuance of the said recked Acts or of this Act, which shall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Three Years; and all such Annuities so remaining unclaimed, together with the unclaimed Arrears thereof, shall revert to the Sinking Fund, and shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the same manner as Life Annuities ceasing are by the said first recited Act directed to be applied: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be coullrued to extend to defeat or prejudice the Rights of the Person or Persons entitled to any such Annuity to claim the Arrears and future Payments thereof, upoi Production of the proper Certificates and Affidavits, or Affirmations required by the said recited Acts or this Act; and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, out of any Sums whatever which shall have been paid to them or carried in their Books to the Account of the said Comm i (Sonera, to set apart and retain from time to time so much thereof as may be necessary for paying such Annuity and all Arrears thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ir, any Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully or corruptly swearor affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be sali'e or untrue, every such Person so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subjea and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by auy Laws now io force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubied and liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully ad or assist in the forging, counterfeiting or altering auy Affidavit or Affirmation, or any Certificate required or authorised to be taken or granted under the Provisions of this Act; or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any Person or Persons atting under the Authority of tire said recited Acts 01 this Act, or shall utter any such forged Affidavit, or Affirmation, or Certificate, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. or any other Pei fun or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and bang lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fufer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further ensded, That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Narionai Debt for the time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which by the said recited Acts and this Act the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are required and empowered to do.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, except so far

-as the lame are altered and varied by this Act, shall be applied and

A.D. 1812.

72S

52 GEO. III.

GJ29.

put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the said Clauses, Rules, Powers and Provisions had been jexpressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, 4o far as the lame are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said recited Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

3 A 2

SCHEDULES

ed by

K>

Ov

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE No. i.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Single Lively which wdl be payable for every ^ioo. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, and the Age of the

Nominee at the time of the Transfer.

Price of ^3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

w w

0 5 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 J 0

and under; and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

51* 52* 53- 54. 55- 56- 57- 58. 59- 60.

 /. i /. if* /.  /.  s.

35 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 IO 4 11 4 11

36 4 6 44 7 4 8 49494 10 4 11 4 1* 4 i* 3<*

37 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 10 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 13 37

38 4 8 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 H 4 14 38

39 4 8 494 10 4 10 4 1* 4 i* 4 13 14 4 14 4 15 39

40 494 10 4 11 4 11 4 1* 4 i3 4 14 4 15 4 15 4 r 6 40

41 4 10 4 10 4 11 4 i* 4 13 4 H 4 15 4 15 4 16 4 i7 4*

4* 43 A A 4 10 41 4 1* 43 4 i4 45 45 4 16 47 4 18 4*

4 la 43 4 14 45 4 16 4 17 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 43

trr 43 4 14 4 15 46 4 17 4 IB 4 iB 4 19 5 0 5 1 44

1 4S > 4V > 4 4 l* 46 4 4 M: a 4 6 48 4-9 47 49 5 0 4 18 V 0 54 19 5*5*5 0 5*5 3 5* V 3 5 5*5 4 5 J # 47

C. 129. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

O

o

o

Tv: 49 T 5 0

50 5 2

1 5* 5 3

52 5 4

53 5 Z

54 5

55 5 10

56 5 11

57 5 H

58 5 >6

59 5*9

60 6 0

61 6 3

62 6 .5

63 6 8

64 6 13

65 6 16

66 7 0

67 7 5

68 7 10

69 7 16

70 8 1

8 8

72 8 15

7393

74911

75 10 0

5

5*5

5 3 5 4

5 4 5 i

5 5 5 <5

5*5 9

595 J0

5 1* 52

5 i S H

5 15 5 16

S ll 5*9

6, 0 6 1

6 2^3

6 4 6 6

6 6 6 8

6 10 6 ji

6 14 6 16

6 17 6 19

7 1 7 3

7 7 7 9

7 J2 7 H

7 18 8 0

8 3 ! 5

8 10 8 12

81890

9 59

9 <3916

10 3 10 6

5 > 5

5 3 5 4

5 5 5

5 >6 5 7

3 7 5 8

j 10 5 "

5 '* S >3

53 5 >5

55 5 16

5 8 5 49

C 0 6 2

6 3 6

6 5 6 6

6 7 6 9

696 11

6 13 6 15

6 18 7 0

7 1 7 3

7 5 7 7

7 i 73

7 16 7 18

8 3 8 5

8 8 8 10

8 15 8 17

9 395

9 "9H

9 19 10 2

10910 12

5 3 5 4 5 5

5 5 5 6 5 7

5 7 5 8 5 9

595 10 5 11

595 10 5 12

5 12 5 13 55

5 M 5 5 5 16

5 16 5 17 5 18

S 18 5 19 6 0

6 0 6 2 6 3

6 3 6 4 6 6

6 6 6 7 6 9

6 8 696 11

6 10 6 12 63

6 J3 6 14 6 16

6 n 6 18 7 0

7 1 7 3 7 5

7 5 7 7 7 8

797^. 7 1S

75 7 17 7*9

8 1 8 3 8 5

8 7 898 11

8 12 85 87

9 09295

9 8911913

9 16919 10 2

10 5 10 8 10 11

10 16 10 19 11 2

6 5 7 481

8 5949

10 5 11 5

12 53 51

13 5 H 5*

16 57 53

18 59 54

0 6 1 55

1 6 3 56

4 6 6 57

7 6958

10 6 12 59

12 - 6 14 60

1S 6 16 61

18 6 19 6j

2 7 3 63

7 7 8 64

10 7 I. f5?

!5 7 17 66

1 8 3 67

7 8968

H 8 16 <59

19 9*70

7910 7i

16918 72

5 10 7 73

H 10 17 74

11 8'7?

5

5

5

5

5

5

S

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

7

7

7

7

8

8

8

8

9

9

io

JO

II

3

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 129.

2

SCHEDULE (B.)

TABLE No. z.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be parable for every 100. of the Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Nominees shall be of equal Ages, or being of different Ages, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall not exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years at the time of the Transfer.

O

to

o

o

eg

FT

J Price of the

" f0 - 5 51 52

-5* <*and under and under and under]

51* 52, 53-

 J. /.*S

35 3 10 3 " 3 11

3^ 3 11 32 3 12

37 3 11 3 12 3 12

38 32 3 12 3 13

39 33 33 3 14

40 3 !4 3 14 35

4* 3 H 3 H 3 15

4* 1 A <4 3 14 35 3 15

3 3 1 5 3 16

tc 3 16 3 16 3 17

37 3 17 3*

I 1 3 3 > 3*>

Price of the 3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Annuities.

53

id uni

54-

 /.

3 13

3

3

>3

4

*5

\l

l6

1 7 18

54

and under

55-

3

*3

*3

*4

15

16

16

16

f7

18

55 56 57 58

and underaud under and under and und

56. 57- 58. 59*

*t. se /.

33 33 3 14 3 >4

3 4 3 1+ 3 35

34 34 3 lS 3 5

34 35 35 36

3 15 3 16 3 16 37

3 i<5 3 17 3 x7 3

3 16 3 '7 3 17 3 18

37 3 >8 38 3*9

3 18 3 >8 39 4 0

39 3 "9 4 0 4 1

4 0 4*4 0* 4*4*4 a 4 3

59

and under

60.

 j.

3 <3 36 3 16 3 i6 3 r7

38

3 18

3 >9

4 0 4*4*4 3

*4

Ja

r

33

3

37

38

39

40 4f 4a

43

44

4

o

o

w

o

a

A.D. 1812.

52" GEa III,

72p

C. 129.

Os-# r O - N eo - 10VO t^OO ON ^U>lAUs^lA|^Usl^A ON W5^- to SO t>-00 Os VOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOVOVO 0ft to H- to t> i'* r^- r-

vtnSO Os O M to OVO 00 0 M to to 00 - <*" t"* O tt- N*-.- HH VO H fvO0 t> M 1-4

<*--- tH-^-^-^-l/Sto tr> Lo lo to lo VoVO VO VO SO vo M' r^oo 00

t*>vo vo ao Os O ft to r^ Cs - N rt* 0 to to 00 NVOto O to00 to

lo Vo to to to So vo VO VO vo r^t^tN t^oo

+* >0 ao OS Osto -s*-VO 00 0 M tr.so 00 -^h.H -t* os moo co Os vo e*  04 H4

*- to to to to to to to VO VO VO vo vo t^ao

to |N* Os+ tt W5 h' Os O Wsf*t^O to to Os to 00 M H H vo n s*- 0 M M

4 4 4 to to to0 to to to to VO VO vo vo r^ao

-NO t^OO O N N +\c 00 Os 0 to SO os-00 1-1 VO M to* M H O -si- O to N 00 N N H H

T*- to to to to to to to VO VO vo vo t-

HW5 to UWO NOM- M M N M H Os N to 00 0ovo O '* 00 oooo o Ovvo

4 4 4 ^it IO to to to to to VO VO vo vo VO

f 1 0 t* t^vo 00 O O J ^-vo vo 00^t*-vo os m oao to vo m vor> fn

T*-^lOtOtoOtOto to VO vo vc vo r-

Os 0* M ^lOVst^OsOSw tn to to r- 0 No00 0 ecbH to OS^Os to M

-^-Votototototo to VO vo vo vo vo

Os O Om OTh ^so xa 0 n + rf-vo cs - ^-vo 00 m to 0 nt> n in wos

-^-tototototo to VO vo vo vo vo i>

3s O O tt os*-0 r-OO O " <0 ro to00 0 CO to^"30 NVO N ton fs H4 tm

C eo -^Tt-Ti-tototototototo vo vo vo vo

Os O n fj tovo co os U> 1^ Ia io u> UMO ON r<vt to VO t^OO Os VOVOCCSOVO'OVOO'O O H N W +^t> r*

3 A 4

Schedule (B.)  continued.

u

Q

TABLE No. 3.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every jgioo. Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years at the time of the Transfer.

D

<q;

ro

CL

Z

o

o

a Price of the $. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Annuities. V 60 a

of you Life. S 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 0^0* <U

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under VI

5* 52, 53- 54. 55- 56- 57- 58. 59- 60.

35  /. 3 11 if /. 3 1* If /. 3 1* /. 3 13 J? /. 33 /. 34 /. 3 H  /. 35*/. 3 "1  /. 3 16 35

36 3* 3 33 13 3 >3 34 31 35 3 16 36 36

37 3* 3 x3 3 13 3 3 J4 3 5 3 16 3 16 3 '2 32 32 3

3* 3 13 34 34 3 15 35 3 16 32 3 17 3 3 8

39 34 3 l5 35 36 3 x6 3 '7 38 3 18 39 39 39

40 31 3 3 16 37 3 7 3 18 39 3 x9 4 0 4 0 4 4s

4* 35 3, <s 3 16 37 3 3 >8 39 4 0 4 0 4 1 4*

4* 3 t6 3 j<s 37 37 3 38 3 9 39 4 0 4 1 4 1 43

43 3 52 3 'i 3 3Z 3 S >P 39 4 0 4  4*44*jt a 44

44 45 82 3 8 39 4 O 4 04-4*4*4*4 S 4 3 4- 4 4 3 4 4 45

Cft

O

o

5

b

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

73*

C. 129.

VO Os O HCOM- to VO t^oo Os0 to toooo to0 to 0* ft CO rf- loVO NOO os vovosovosovovovovoso 0 N

r^oo os  n<J- to Os  to^r* OS N to 00 M SO OS tO^CO M M M H H 00

-^-^-Th^-Tj-Iotototo, Wo to o toVO VOSO'OVO IN N

to r- t^oo Oto ^'VO 00 0 M COO 00 - tovo O ThOO N vo h l-1* vo

+ + si-^-shi^sou>io to to to toVO VO vo SO vo (N

>o t^.00 O O N O0ts0SH tt 1^ 0 0 0 0 vo Osto OS toVO 0 vf* O^H H P*- "+

-'^'^"^-^-^toloto to to to to tovo VO VO VO

CO to VO In Os O -Tf-VO 00 04 CO toooorp ft 1000 ct 00 CO

'*-'*- ^-^-^-^"^-Thrhtototo to to to to oVO VO VO VO vo N

H + to VO 00 OS 0^CO to tN. os 0tJ-bO O so 0 COINHVO N * H t-l l- M

Ti- -4- +'t + +^o to to to to to oVO VO vo so vo N

^0 r^oo os 0 +vo 00 00* COSO 00 - toOO N toOS* Os*

+ + to to to to to toVO VO vo vo vo

?m W WW + VO looses*- tOV>lN|NO n con O to r^. ft N M

to to to to to tovo VO VO VO vo

0 ft to VO vo t^oo O ct T^vo vo os 0 COVO 00 M to OS M to* to

*-- +^+ to to to to to to toVO VO VO vo

C\NtO M VOO^N Ov w to to to 00 Os N^N* O |N* 0 OS* CO*

o 't*-'*-'*-'*'*-'*-'*- rh to to to to to toVO VO VO vo

Os >-- ft tovo Os O N rh r$- n* 00 M crjVO OS COSO Os N N M pm M P* ft M

o - <-.<+- to to to to0 to toVO VO vo

vO r-oo os*O " ft CO rf- loVO t^oo Os to to to to0 too to to to 0 M ft CO H- toVO t^OO OS VOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVO 0

Schedule ( B.)  continued.

IM

N

TABLE No. 4. P

m

Shewing t!ie Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of v

the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every 100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the time of the Transfer,

o

o

n

JU -0 Price of $. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities u 5a 

  1

5 5l 52 1 53 54 ! 55 56 1 57. 58 59

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and und and under and under M

5'* S2' 53- 54- 55 56. 57- 58. 59- 60.

 /.  t.  t.  /. 4 /. t.  s.  s.

35 3 12 3 13 3 3 3 H 3 4 35 36 3 16 3 J7 37 3!

36 33 34 3 H 3 5 35 3 16 3 17 3 'Z 3 1* 3 I. 3

37 3 4 3 >5 3 3 >6 3 16 37 3 18 3 8 39 39 3Z

3* 3 3 16 3 16 37 37 3 39 3 >9 4 0 4 0 38

39 3 1$ 3 17 3 7 3 18 3 39 4 0 4 0 4 1 4*39

1 40 3 Sl 3 >7 38 3 18 3 >9 4 P 4 0 4 1 4*4*4

5 3 18 3 19 39 4 O 4 I 4 1 4 4 3 4 S 4*

1 s 18, 3 >9 S9, 04*4 a 4 S 4 4 4 4 4

I$ 9- O 0 1* 4*4 S 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 43

\ 44 4 0 4 0 4*\ 4 a 4 3 4 3 + 4 4 5 4.4 6 44

S3

b

QO

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. ^29.

733

t>oo on--- O mto- vovo ts-oo on lnvovnvovovnvnvnvovn O m ft ton vo vo VO VO VO VO

r^oo 0 - ft-vo i^Onh to vo r* O to M M M M MM vo 00 ft VO 0 ft M M MM

*--- Vo Vo VO VO V- VO

t"* on O+ m m to VO VO 30 0 ft*V ON ft M M M M M VO NO O-00 M MM M

*-----^oto >0 lo to VO voVO VO vo vo

\0 |N0v0\0 M ft- vo On< covnt^O to Vo ON n ON M M M

*-----"*----- voVovovnn lo Vo VoVO VO VO

vnvo 00 On On m to-vo 00 0 m covo On M- M lo00 M M M

*----- voovnvovo Vo0 VoVO vo vo

*-vnr^co cn- to to vo On m n vn 00 M M M M M M M tv vo 0-VO M M M

*----- votovovo lo Vo VoVO VO VO

T*-VO t^QO O t ft ^VOOVH ^ts M M M M M M M 0 M Vo 00 ft- M M M M

4 4 4 4 4 lo Vo Vo Vo VC VO

coco mvo q^m m tovnc^oo O tovo GO O to M to M M M

*--" to Vo Vo VoVO VO

n to m vovo 00 O O ft-VO ON m- t^00 N It 0 H

*-----"*r*-vnvn Vo VO VO Vo VoVO

w N^+ On ON t- to vo vo oc O to VO InO-00 0

*-"- lo Vo VO VO VoVO

h eorj- vo CO 00 O M rJ-iot^ONt voO Cn tovo GO

it-- it--- 0 10 Vo Vo Vo Vo Vo

v^,0 r^X On O ft to^vo NO r^oo On tmnvovnvovnvovntovo 0 M N to* lo VO VO vo vo vo vo

Schedule (B.)  continued.

TABLE No. 5.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every  100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee

shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Fifteen Years, but not by m re than Twenty Years, at the time of the Transfer.

4 Price of the *3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities to B

u so 5 1 S2 S3 54 I 55 I S6 57 58 59 "o

0 J4 and under and tinder and under and under and undei and underhand under and under and under and under V aO

51* 52- S3- 54- 55* 56. 57- 58. 59- 60.

  /.  '  '  '  /. * j.

35 3 1 4 3 15 3 15 3 16 3 16 3 17 3 i 3 18 3 19 3 19 35

36 3 15 3 16 3 16 37 3 17 3 t8 318 3 19 4 0 '*4 0 36

37 3 16 3 16 3 17 3 17 3 18 3 19 319 4 0 4 1 4 1 37

38 3 17 5 17 318 3 18 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 1 4 2 38

39 3 18 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 O 4 1 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 39

40 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 1 4 3 4 4 4 4 40

41 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 1 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 41

42 4 O 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 41

43 4 Z 4 X 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 43

44 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 44

45 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 45

46 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 4 11 46

47 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 JO 4 11 4 11 4-i* 4 !3 47

48 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 TO 4 11 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 14 48

49 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 il ij 4 U 4 14 45 4 z6 49

50 4 10 4 10 4 II 4 12 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 s6 4 77 4 18 50

Ji- 4 12 4 11 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 79 5 0 51

4 12 4 J3 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 >9 55 1 52

53 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 J 0 5^5 2 53

54 4 4 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 5 0 5 I 5 2 5 3 5 4 54

55 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5 3 5 4 5 5 5 fi 5 7 55 c6

56 4 19 5 0 J 1 5 2 5 3 j 4 5 5 5 7 5 8 59( 7

57 5 X 5 a 5 3 5 5 i 6 5 7 5 8 595 11 5 12 5

58 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 595 10 5 ti 5 1X J 59

59 3 6 3 7 595 so 5 s 5 5 14 5 >5 5 16 5 60

J 60 J 9, 3 xo J* S3 5 4 5 JJ 57 5 x8 59 6 X

O

H

M

T

In

K>

8

o

h

a

on

K>

9

,

TABLE No. 6.

Shewing the Annua* Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every  100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee flull exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty Years, but not by more than Twenty five Years at the time of the Transfer.

t* & s Price of the $ per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. Age of younger Life.

5 and under 5I# Si, and under 5?-r 52 1 and under 53- and under 54- and under 55- 55 and under 56. and under 57- 57 and under 58. and under 59- and under 60.

 '  '   '  /.  /   i.

35 3 16 3 3 17 3 17 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 1 4 X 3i

36 3 I7 3 3 18 3 18 3 i9 4 0 4 0 4 X 44 2 3ft

37 38 3 18 3 f9 3 19 4 0 4 1 4 I 4 2 4 3 4 3 3l

38 3 18 3 >9 3 19 4 0 4 1 4 2 4*4 3 4 4 4 4 38

39 39 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 39

do o 4 O 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 ft 4 6 40

41 4*4 1 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 41

4* 4*4*4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4^4 7 4 7 4 8 42

43 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 43

44 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 4 ii 44

45 1 4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 494 10 4 1* 4 12 4 12 4 13 45

46 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 IX 4 I. 4 IX 4 13 4 14 46

47 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 47

48 49494 10 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 48

49 4 4 I. 4 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 ift 4 17 4 18 4 19 49

50 4 H 4 1* 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 50

51 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 s 0 5 1 5 2 51

5a 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 j 0 5 I 5 2 5 3 5 4 5*

53 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 5 5 6 53

54 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 6 5 7 5 8 54

55 5 1 5*5 3 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 595 10 5 XX 55

r r

S'

b

09

M

2

8

VO

CnJ

W

n

o

Schedule (B.)  continued

TABLE No. 7.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Live*, and the Life of the lonaer Liver of them which wdl be payable for every 100. of Stock transferred, according to die Average Price thereof, in case the A<e of the elder Nominee* flwll exeked the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty five Years, but not by more than Thirty Years at the time of the ransfef.

Price of the $ per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. 3

tv u 3 O i C I 1 <2 1 53 5+ 55 56 57 58, 59 b.) S 

-8 and under and underiand under and under and under and under ind under and under and under and under '0

O to < 5'- 1 52- 53- 54- 55- 56. 57* 58. 59- 60. 1^'

   '  '  '  '   aC '  1 c

35 3 18 3 18 39 3 19 4 0 4 x 4 X 4 2 4 3 4 3 16

36 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 X 4 1 4 ft 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 c a7

37 3 iy 4 0 4 O 4 1 4 A 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5.z 4 5 A 6 38

38 4 0 4 I 4 I 44 3 4 4 4 4 4 j 4 & 4 w

39 4 1 4 1 4*4 3 4 4 4 4 4 J 4 6 4 7 4 7 39

40 4 I 4I.I 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 40

41 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 Z 4 8 494 xo 4 10 41

4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 xo 4 II 4*

43 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 IO 4 xi Ift 43 A A

44 - 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 ti Ift Ift 4 13 4 14 44

45 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 i 4 i 4 I. 4 13 44 4 15 45

46 494 xo xx 4 > 4 13 4 14 4 14 4 15 4 4 X7 40 a n

4 It 4 it 4 x* 4 13 44 4 1J 4 16 4 X7 48 49 4/ 48

I 4 II 4 1* 4 X3 4 14 a re 4 x6 4 X7 4 x8 4 X9 5 0 49

1 4 t % 4 3 4 X4 4 IJ 4 >4 4 17 4 x8 4 X9 S 0 J 1

j J Y 4 14 4*5 4 16 47 4* 4 19 3 0 5*S ft 5 3 50

O

to

'P

o

o

p

s*

a

00

TABLE No. 8,

Shewing the Annual Amount of Lirt Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every iOO. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty Years, but not by more than Thirty 6ve Years at the time of the Transfer.

w Sr a n Price of the ^3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. 3 so c 2

c oJ 0^5 51 5* - 53 54 55 56 57 58.59, e of yc Life

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

I 51*52- 53- 54- 55- 56. 57- 58. 59 60.

1 -   -    ' *'  '

5$ J 4 O 4 0 4 i 4 1 4 a 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 35

36 1 4 0 4 1 4 1 4 a 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 3 4 4 6 36

37 ! 4 1'4 2 4*4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 37

3* 4*44 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 38

39 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494939

4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 11 40

41 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 II 4 it 4 1* 41

42 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 II 4 ia 4 13 4a

4 3 44 8 494 10 4 II 4 ia 4 13 4 13 4 14 4 15 43

44 4 8 494 10 4 II 4 ia 4 13 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 44

4' 4 10 4 11 4 ia 4 13 4 4 4 15 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 45

O

o

>0

n

vj

Ui

-4

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 129.

Schedule (B.)  continued\

TABLE No. 9.

Shewing the AwNUAt Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every 100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty five Years at the time of the Transfer.

o

o

n

Tn

O

txs

tn

t*1

& e 2.Price of the $. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. 4* 30 8 3

V- 5 5* 5* 1 53 54, 55 56 57 58 59 O 4>

Si and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and undet tnd under

51- 5*- 53* 54- 55- 56. 57- 58. 59- 60.

 ' -  ' .

35 4 Z 4*4 a 4 3 4 4 4*4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 35

36 4 i 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 436

37 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 494937

38 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 l 38

39 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494o 4 10 41 39

14 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 - 494D 4 11 4 I. 4 40

jijiQVIII '030 '651*0

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 129.

739

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted by the find Officer, in order to enable the Transfer of Stock at the Bank of England for the purchase of Life Annuities.

N- -

TN pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled [hereinfert the Title of the Act] 1 do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That A.B. of hath signified to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, his [or, her] Desire, on his [or, her] own Behalf [or, on the Behalf of C.D.

ot ] to transfer or cause to be transferred

the Sum of y per Centum Consolidated

[or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of himself [or, herself, or, of C.D. as the case may be] [or,/i case of Two Nominees, on the Livea of him or her the said A.B. and of E.F. of

and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] [or, of E.F. of and G.H. of

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, as the case may be.'] And I do hereby further certify, That it hath been made appear to me, that the Age of the said Nominee, upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act, is Years [or, in case of Two Nominees

of equal Ages, that the said Nominees are of equal Ages, and that the Age upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act is

Years] [or, in case there shall be Two Nominees of unequal Ages, that the respective Ages upon which the Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act are as follows; 1videlicet, the Age of the said the younger

Nominee, is Years; and the Age of the said

the elder Nominee, exceeds the said Age of the younger Nominee by more than

Years, but not by more than Years]: And I do

hereby further certify, That the Amount of the Life Annuity which will upon the Transfer of the said Sum of $. per

Centum Consolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, become payable in respect thereof during the Life of the said Nominee [or, of the said Two Nominees and the Life of the longer Liver of them] is

per Annum.

Witness my Hand this Day of 4

52 Geo. III. 3 B

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

1 G. 1. Sttt. J.

9 G. 1. c.*,

O.j. c. 9.

4* G. 3. (U.K.)

*4.

4jG.j.e.j8.

Wilfully Heft roy-fai| Budding, &c.

C.I3*.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons destroying the Properties of His Majesty's Subjects; and enabling the Owners of such Properties to recover Damages for the Injury sustained.

[18theMf 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy aid

effectual punishing the Rioters: And whereas an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the

First, intituled An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and ' evil disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of His Majests Suljrds, and for the more fpfedy bringing the Offenders to J office: And whereas an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the mm effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demohfb or pull down, burn or otherwise destroy or spoil any Mill or Mills; and for prevetting the destroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Mines; or Bridges, Waggon Ways or other Things used in conveying Coals, Leady Tin or other Minerals from Mines; or Fences for isclosing Lands in pursuance of Act of Parliament: 9 And whereas an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the indemnify* 4 tnS of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demohfiai of Mills9or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotoujly assembled: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for the further Prevention of malicious Shooting and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Armsy (labbingy cutting ( wounding, poisoning and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the malicious felting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act, made in England in the Twenty first Year of the late King James the Firfly intituled An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Baffard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the late Oueen Anne, also intituled an Act to prevent the destroying end anrthering of Bastard Children; and for making other Provsfons in lien thereof: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that more effectual Provisions should be made for the Protection of Property9not within the Provisions of the said Acts; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ere17 Person who shall, froth and after the passing of this Act, wilfully or malic iously burn or set fire to any Buildings, Erections or Engines, which shall be used or employed in the carrying on or conducing of any Trade or Manufactory, orany Branch or Department of any Trade or Manufactory of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of any Kind or Description whatsoeve* or in which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be warehoused or deposited, shall, upon being lawfully

A.D. 1812.

74*

52 GEO. III. C. 130.

convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of

Clergy, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit Beatfc. of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That if after the patting of this Demolishing Ad any Person or Persons unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously Buildings, See. assembled together in Disturbance of the public Peace, shall unlaw-

fully and with Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any Erection and Building or Engine which shall be used or employed in the carrying on or conducing of any Trade or Manufactory, or any Branch or Department of any Trade or Manufactory of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of any Kind or Description whatsoever, or in which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be warehoused or deposited, that then every such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, shall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, Death, without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons in- Value of or Dt-jured or damnified by such demolishing or pulling down, wholly or in mage done to Part, of any such Erection, Building or Engine as aforesaid, shall Manufactories, be entitled to, and may and is and are hereby empowered to recover ^j[^C0Vertd M the Value of such Erection, Building or EIngine, and of the Machinery belonging thereto, or used therein, which shall be destroyed

in such demolishing as aforesaid, or the Amount of the Damage which may be done to any such Erection, Building or Engine or Machinery aforesaid, in such tumultuous and riotous demolishing in Part as aforesaid; and such Value or Damage shall and may be recovered, levied, raised and re imbursed, in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means as are particularly provided, directed or referred to, in the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late 1 G. 1 Stat. , Majesty King George the First, in respect of the several Descriptions c. 5. of Buildings therein mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Proceeding* to or Persons shall be enabled to recover any Damages by virtue of this recoverDamage* Ad, unless he or they, by themselves or by their Servants, within

Two Days after such Damage or Injury done him or them by any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, shall give Notice of such

Offence done and committed unto some of the Inhabitants of some

Town, Village or Hamlet, near unto the Place where any such Fad

shall be committed, and shall within Four Days after such Notice,

give in his, her or their Examination upon Oath, or the Examination

upon Oath of his, her or their Servant or Servants, that had the

Care of his or their Erections, Buildings, Engines or Machinery so

destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division where such Fad shall be committed,

inhabiting within the said Hundred where the said Fad shall happen

to be committed, or near unto the same, whether he or they do know

the Person or Persons that committed such Fad, or any of them; and

if upon such Examination it be confessed that he or they do know

the Person or Persons that committed the said Fad, or any of them,

that then he or they so confessing shall be bound by Recognizance to Recognizances.

prosecute such Offender or Offenders by Indictment or otherwise,

according to the Law of this Realm: Provided also, that no Person Proiif*

who shall fu&aia any Damage by reason of any Offence to be committed

A.D. 1812.

74* C. 130, 131, 132. 52 GEO. III.

by any Offender contrary to this A A, shall be thereby enabled to Cue or bring any Action against any Inhabitants of any Hundred where such Offence shall be committed, except the Party or Parties sustaining such Damage shall commence his or their Action or Suit within One Year next after such Offence shall be committed: Provided nevertheless, that the Notice hereby required may and shall be given in Scotland to the Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute of the County or Stewartry where such Fast.shall happen to be committed, in order that such Measures may be taken as the Law of Scotland, Scotland prescribes in such cases.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Sixpence in the Pound, certain Augmentations made to the Stipends of Parishes in Scotland [18th July 1812.]

50 G. 3. c. 84.

49 G. 3. c. 33.

Augmentations wot extending to 1501. yearly exempted.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for augmenting poroebial Stipends in certain Cases in Scotland: And whereas it is*expedient that certain of the Augmentations made under the hid recited Act should be exempted from the Duties of One Shilling and Six pence respectively, payable under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and making perpetual several Dvtiu of One Shilling and Six pence, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuitiu, Penftons and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Tear, to the Twenty Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adtice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Augmentation made and payable or paid under or by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid to the Stipend of any Parish in Scotland, which do not exteod in their yearly Amount or Value to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, shall be chargeable or charged with the Duties of One Shilling or Six pence, continued and made perpetual by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign aforesaid, or either of them, or any Part thereof; any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for explaining, amending and extending the several Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money, to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and for directing the Mode of making up the Accounts of Penftons paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the 1 ak Gvj.*7*. < y, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the

Uw* 4 Encourage* I

1

A.D. 1812.

743

52 GEO. III. C. 132.

Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Maj(fly's Navy during the present War, it is, among other

things, enacted, that all unclaimed Shares of Soldiers serving in any conjunct Expedition with His Majesty's Naval Forces as described in the said Act, should be paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the Use of the said Hospital, within Six Months after Distri-

bution commenced, subject nevertheless to be refunded to any In*

dividual entitled to the same, and establishing his Claim thereto

within Six Years from such Payment to the said Treasurer; and

that it should be lawful for the said Treasurer to compel the Agents for the Army to exhibit and verify their Accounts, and pay over such Balances in like manner as the Treasurer of Greenwich Hof-

pital is by the said Act empowered to compel the producing and verifying of Accounts and Payment of unclaimed Shares from the Naval Prize Agents; and the High Court of Admiralty is authorised to exercise the same Powers and Authorities for discovering and compelling the Payment of all Shares of Soldiers lo remaining

unpaid in the War then existing, or any former, War, in like manner as the said Court is enabled to do by the now reciting or any other Act respecting the unclaimed Shares of Mariners serving in His Majesty's Ships of War: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled yin si cl to 49 G. 3. C.X13.

explain and amend an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majestyyfor the Encouragement of Seamen9 and for the Letter and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present I Tar; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen f and for the Letter and more effectually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for, Scamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commencedfence the pdjfeng of the said Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of His said Majesty's

4 Reign, intituled An Act for extending and amending the Regulation* 51 G. 3. c. 104.

now in force relative to the Payment to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea,

of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Provision of the said Act of the Forty fifth, or the several Provisions relative to Chelsea Hospital, in the said other recited Acts are applicable to Captures or Grants upon Captures made in any War antecedent to that which existed at the time the said recited Act of the Forty

fifth Year of His present Majesty was passed; and it is expedient that the said recited Acts, some or one of them should in that respect be explained and otherwise extended and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, all and every the Provisions, Regulations, Au Provisions of thorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the relating to said recited Acts or either of them and in this Act contained, so.far as Chcifeji Hoipnal, they relate to the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, shall be and the J^hfcquenT* same are hereby declared to be applicable, as well to all Provisions Wars as to War and subsequent Wars as to the War which was in Existence at the existing atp % f-passing of the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His of present Majesty; and that as fully and effectually to all Intents and 45 G'3'c' 7a Purposes as if the said Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers,

3 B 3 Penalties,

744

Provisions of Acts as dire# Payments to Chelsea Hospital of unchimed Prizes in what eaf extended.

Comm'ffionen, ftc. of Chelsea Hospital indent' uified for Appropriation of Money, and empowered to appropriate unclaimed Prise Monies in future.

C. 132. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things weir fermQy repeated and re-enacted in the Body of and made Part of this Act, and shall he applicable also to all Salvage Monies which shall hare been or shall be payable to any Officers, Soldiers and Troops, on account of any Recapture or otherwise.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts or either of them as directs the Payment to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, of all unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Prize or Balances remaining unpaid to Officers, Soldien and Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, or acting in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of His Majesty, shall be and the same is hereby extended to all cases of Prize and Capture, and Grants upon Prize or Capture, or Salvage Monies or Balances arising therefrom, not claimed by Officers, Soldiers and Troops belonging to His Majesty, but in the Pay of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies; and all the Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said recited Acts or either of them contained in relation to unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Army Prize Mouey, shall extend td authorize and require the Payment in like mauner and under the like Restrictions and Regulations of all Shares and Balances unclaimed and unpaid to any Officers, Soldiers or Troops belonging to His Majesty, but in the Pay of the said United Company, or arising from any Capture or Grant upon Capture which shall have been or shall be made in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of the Governor General of India for the time being, or any of His Majesty's Officers, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things were severally repeated and re-enacted in the Body of and made part of this Act.

III. And whereas the Commissioner, of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, out of the Monies which have been paid to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, some or one of them, have appropriated to the Current Service of the said la ft mentioned Hospital Two Sums

of Money; that is to say, a Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds

for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, and a Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven/ Be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and all other Persons acting under their Authority, or the Authority of either of them, shall be and they are hereby indemnified for having made or ordered such Appropriation as aforesaid, and for all Acts, Matters and Things done in pursuance or in consequence thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners at all times hereafter, by Warrant under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said last mentioned Hospital, from time to time to appropriate such Sums of Money forming a Part of the forfeited and unclaimed Prize Money so paid in as aforesaid or hereafter to be paid in, is they, or any Three or more of them, may think expedient and proper, to the Current Services of the said last mentioned Royal HouritaL

IV.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 132. 74 S

IV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurento Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, and r*ler Account they are hereby required, within Three Months from the passing of D

this Act, to render to the Commissioners of the said Hospital a just Quarterly, and true Account of all their Receipts and Payments under the Authority of or in relation to the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, up to and including the Twenty fourth Day of June last, and also in like manner to render Accounts of all future Receipts and Payments Four times in every Year; that is to say, to the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty fourth Day of September, the Twenty fourth Day of December, and Twenty fourth Day of March, in each Year 5 and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to examine, audit and finally pass the said Accounts; any Powers, Authorities and Directions in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether any Orders or

Powers of Attorney for the Receipt of Prize Money due to Non Commissioned Officers of the Army and Soldiers, made previous to ' and not in the Form prescribed by the said recited Act of the Forty

' ninth Year of His present Majesty, are now valid Be it therefore 49 V c*

enacted and declared, That all such Orders or Powers of Attorney, if

made and executed prior to the passing of the said recited Act of the tora^ uot

Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, although made

and executed pursuant to the Laws in force at the time when the same were so made and executed, but not in the Form by the said last mentioned Act prescribed, are and shall be and are hereby declared to

be null and void and of no Effect whatsoever, save and except as to Exception.

Orders or Powers of Attorney made and executed pursuant to the

Laws in force at the time of their Execution by Non Commissioned

Officers and Soldiers, to Persons Handing in the Relationship of

either a Wife or Child, or Father or Mother, or Grandfather or

Grandmother, or Brother or Sister, or Uncle or Aunt, or Niece or

Nephew.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Stamp Duty, of this Act, no Stamp Duty shall be payable to His Majesty upon any Orders for a Non Commissioned Officer's or Soldier's Prize Money, in cases where such Prize Money shall not amount to Forty ^hillings or upwards.

VII. And whereas that Part of the said recited Act of the 51 G. 3. c. 104. 4 Fifty first of His present Majesty, which authorizes the Commis- 7.

sioners of Chelsea Hospital to issue Precepts to Persons who they

may have reason to believe have received Army Prize Money, under

Powers of Attorney, requiring them to make Return thereof, and to pay over such Money as may remain in their Hands to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Hospital, has been found insufficient for the Purposes intended; and it is expedient therefore

that it should be repealed and certain other Provisions substituted in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first of His present Majesty as relates to Precepts to be iiFued by the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea to Army Agents, Regimental Paymasters and others, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, save repealed, and except atto any Proceedings, which previous to the passing of Except*.

3 B 4

this

by

A.D. 1812.

74<

Piecepts issued in manner herein mentioned t. Persons lupp< ftd to hive received Money pay ah.e to Troops under Powers of Attorney, &c.

Penalty*

D'i (obeying Precepts.

C. 132- 52 GEO. III.

this Act may have been instituted under the Authority thereof, in respect to which the said recited Act is to remain in full force until* such Proceedings shall have been brought to a Conclusion.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea from time to time to issue Pi ecepts under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to such Persons as they may have reafoa to believe have received Monies payable to such Officers, Soldiers and Troops as aforesaid, and to which Monies the Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act are applicable, under any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Order or Orders heretofore or hereafter to be executed, requiring them within Two Calendar Months next after the time at which such Precept shall have been served, in case the Person or Persons to whom it shall be directed shall rvfide within the United Kingdom, but if he or they shall reside in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, then by the first Ship which shall fail from the Port or Place nearest to that at which such Person or Persons shall relide next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the time at which such Precept shall have been (erred as aforesaid, to deliver or transmit upon Oath, (which Oath any Justice of the eace or Magistrate, or the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chtlfca for the time being, is hereby authorised to administer) on account of all Monies which may have been received by such Person or Persons under any such Powers or Orders, Power or Order as aforesaid; and in case the same or any Part thereof shall have been paid over, then to whom the same or any Part thereof has been so paid over as aforesaid, and shall at the same time pay or remit to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelfem Hospital, such Part of the said Monies as shall remain in his or their Hands unpaid, to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, to or their Use; and in case such Monies shall not be paid over or remitted to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer within the time limited by this Act, the same shall be recoverable fpom the Person detaining the same by Action for Money had and received* or otherwise in the Name of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the same when so paid in or recovered, shall be for the Use of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto, and be otherwise applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize are by the said recited Acts and this Act directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons upon whom any such Precept shall be served as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver, or transmit such Account within the time limited by this Act, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea> the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, to be brought in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the time being, in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; or in case the Offender or Offenders shall reside Abroad, in any Court of Record of the Country of which he shall be an Inhabitant at the time the Offence shall be committed, unless sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea> why such Precepts have not been complied with.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Perfoot upon whom any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid shall have been

16 served,

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 132. 14

served, shall neglect or refuse to pay Obedience thereto, and shall in consequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by such Disobedience, k shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Commissioners of Chelfra Hospital and they are hereby empowered to repeat such Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required shall have been duly rendered and delivered, and such Person or Persons shall be and is and are hereby declared to be liable to a Separate Penalty of Fifty Pounds Penalty, for every Precept to be Served upon him or them, to which due Obedience shall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trea- Treasurer ta surer and Deputy Treasurer of the Said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, have Accel's to with respect to all Monies which shall have been received by such Per-c*ot

son or Persons as la(t aforesaid, under any Power or Powers, Order or precepts Orders executed subsequent to the passing of the said recited Act of the Fifty firif Year of His present Majesty, at ail seasonable times to have Access to the Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers of any Person or Persons to whom such Precepts shall be directed, relative to the Transactions to which such Precepts shall have reference; and such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to produce the same to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, whenever he or they shall be required so to do, in order that such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer may peruse, examine and take Extracts or Copies of so much thereof as he may think proper; and in case any such Person or Persons as last aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to produce such Books,

Papers, Accounts and Vouchers, or any or either of them, upon Ten Days Notice to be given to him or them for that Purpose, he or they shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered Penalty, by Action of Debt in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, in either of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, unless sufficient Cause shall be (newn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea % why such Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers shall not have been produced as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after After Service the Service of any such Precept as aforesaid, all Monies received under of J>rcccPt such Powers or Orders as aforesaid, which shall at that time be in the BfawCe in Hands of the Person or Persons to whom such Precept shall be di- ver ^p^rtbns rested, shall be deemed and considered to be the Property of the Com- to whom Precepts missioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea^ to be applied by directed, shall them nevertheless in the manner by this and the said recited Acts di- become Property retted, and with respect to Monies which may have been received by chelfealwncI$ such Person or Persons as aforesaid, under any Power or Order, Powers Hospital. or Orders, which shall have been made and executed subsequent to the passing of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, in case the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer shall upon inspection of the Vouchers and other Documents relating to any Account which shall be rendered and delivered in Obedience to any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid, (which Vouchers and other Documents by this Act they are authorised and empowered to call for and inspect) be dissatisfied with such Account, and have reason to believe that the Payments therein (fated to have been made, or any or either of them have not been really and truly made, or that such Account is an any other respect fraudulent or defestive, it shall be lawful for such

Treasurer

A.D. 1812.

C. 132.

5 20 GEO. III.

Provisions of A<5b applicable, ip case of Death, to legal Representatives.

Oath of Verification annexed to Accounts.

Perjury*

4S G. 3 c. 49.

5 #>3*

Payments of Wid >wi Pen-fioni made in Office of Pav-SULter General.

Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to file a Bill in Equity against such Person or Persons in order to such Account being regularly taken and examined, and other Proceedings being bad relative thereto, according to the usual Course of Courts of Equity, such BiHt to be filed in the Name of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the time being, and not to be coo-fidered defective on account of the Persons beneficially entitled to the Monies which shall be the Subject of them not being made Parties thereto.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provssions of this and the said recited Acts and every of them, with respect to Persons who shall have received Monies to which the said Provisions are applicable by virtue of, any Power or Order, Powers or Order*, shall, in case of the Death of such Persons, be in every respect applicable to their legal personal Representatives.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Oath or Affidavit by which the Accounts to be rendered in Obedience to such Precepts as aforesaid shall be verified, shall be annexed or fubioined to such Account, and shall be in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule to this Act set forth.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters either by this or the said recited Acts or either of them required to be verified on Oath, he or they shall be deemed to have committed wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as Persons adjudged guilty of that Offence are subject and liable to.

XV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for accelerating*the making vf>, Examination and Audit of the Accounts of the Pay- master General of His Majesty's Forceiy certain Rules arc prescribed for annually making up as well the General Account of the said Paymaster General, as separate Accounts. of Monies received and paid on account of Half Pay of Chelsea Hospital, and of Pensions on the Compassionate Lift: And whereas it is expedient that the Payment of Pensions to the Widows of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces which hath heretofore been made by an Officer appointed for that Purpose, should henceforth be made in the Office of the said Paymaster General Be it therefore enacted, That in the General Annual Account which shall be made up by the said Paymaster General under the Provisions of the said recited Act, in the Year ending On the Twenty fourth Day of December next, he shall charge hirafelf with the Balance which hath been or shall be transferred to his Account from the last Paymaster of such Pensions, and that in the same Account, and in the General Annual Account which shall be made up by him in all future Years, it shall and may be lawful for the said Paymaster General in Addition to the Items which by the said recited Act he is allowed to place on the Credit Side of such General Account, to place on the same Side thereof all Sums within the Period of such Account by him issued to or transferred to the Account of any Person for the Payment of Pensions to the Widows of Officers of His Majesty's Land Foroes, and also that at the time of making up such General Account from Year to Year he shall, besides the separate Account# diretied by the said

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 132. 74f \

said Act, make up another separate Account of Monies received and paid within the Period comprized in the said General Account on account of the same Pensions, in like manner in all respects as he is required by the said recited Act to make up the separate Accounts therein specified, and that such separate Account shall be transmitted, examined and declared, and the said Paymaster General shall be discharged and acquitted thereon in the same manner in all respects as is by the said recited Act provided with regard to the separate Accounts thereby directed to be made up.

XVI. And whereas by reason of the Number of Letters and Packets necessarily sent from the Office of the said Paymaster General, it is expedient to permit such Letters and Packets to be feut*free from the Duty of Pottage in the manner hereafter mentioned

Be it therefore enacted, That all Letters and Packets relative to the Letter*. kc. feat Duties of the said Office which shall be forwarded by the Account- Office of ant General of the Army Pay Office, or by the Cashier for the Pay- Pa> malJer ment of Half Pay and Widows* Pensions respectively shall be sent cuer rct* free from the said Duty of Pottage, provided that the same be under Covers with the Words " Pursuant to Act of Parliament99 and

Army Pay Officeprinted upon the same; and the said Accountant or Cashier respectively (whose Names shall for that Purpose be transmitted to the Pott Office), do write his Name under the same, and they are hereby strictly prohibited from inclosing or fending under any such Cover any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Duties of the said Office.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if such Accountant or Sending tinker Cashier respectively shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Cover anything Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Pareel, other than those relating to the Duties of the said Office, he shall, for every such CC#

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by any Person by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager so Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the samet and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Use of His Majesty.

SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

FORM of AFFIDAVIT to be made by Persons who have beem authorised by Powers or Orders to receive Army Prize Money, &c.

7 A. 3. of maketh Oath and faith. That

to wit. J the annexed (or before written) Account is a just and true Account of all Monies received by him, or by any other Person1 or Persons by his Order or Authority to his Knowledge or Belief, under or by virtue of any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Orders or Order, by which he, this Deponent, hath been authorised to receive any Prize Monies or other Monies payable to the Army, to which the several Acts of the 45th Geo. 3. 0.7a.  49th Geo. 3. c. 123.  51st Geo. 3. c. 104. and 52d Geo. 3. c.are applicable; and that the said Account contains also a just and true Statement of all Payments made by him or by his Order and Direction, out of such Monies to the Persons entitled to receive the same, and that the several Payments in the said Account set forth

were

75

A.D. 1812.

C. 132, 133. 52 GEO. III.

were really and truly made to the several Persons in the said Account named as the Persons to whom such Payments have been made.

FORM of AFFIDAVIT to be made by the Representatives of Persons who have been authorised by Powers or Orders to rece'we Army Prize Money.

1/1. B. of maketh Oath and faith, That

he is the acting Executor [or, Administrator, as the case may be-\ of late of deceased, who

had in his Lifetime been authorised to receive certain Prize Monies and other Monies payable to the Army, to which the several Acts of the 45th Geo. 3. c. 72.  49th Geo. 3. c. 123.  51 ft Geo. 3. c. 104. and the 52d Geo. 3. c..are applicable, under certain Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Orders or Order granted to him for that Purpose, and who had received Monies by Authority thereof, and that the annexed (or before written) Account is a just and true Account, as appears by the Books and Accounts of the said and to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of this

Deponent, of all Monies received by the said

as aforesaid, and that the said Account contains also a just and true Statement of all Payments made by the said in his

Lifetime, or by his Order and Direction, out of such Monies to the Persons entitled to receive the same, as appears also by the Books and Accounts of the said and to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of this Deponent: And this Deponent further faith, that since the Decease of the said he, this Deponent, hath made various Payments out of such Monies, of which Payments the said Account hereunto annexed (or before written) contains also a just and true Statement, and that such last mentioned Payments have been really and truly made by this Deponent, or by some Person or Persons by his Authority and Direction, to the several Persons whose Names are dated in the said last mentioned Account as the Persons to whom such Payments have been made.

Account taken of Number of Persons in Ireland.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the Total Number of Persons now within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland z* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, such Persons as shall be for that Puiyofe appointed in the manner herein after mentioned to act in and for every Barony and Half Barony in Counties, and every Parish in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, shall, at the time and in the manner herein after directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the time of taking such Accounts

to

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 133. 751

to be within the Limits of such Baronies and Half Baronies in Counties, and Parishes in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively, and shall set down the several Particulars respecting the lame, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

II. And, for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Pouted Copies Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed ^tr*n1f". Copies of this Act, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, shall, Peace, au! within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, be transmitted, by for Distribution. His Majesty's Printer in Ireland, to the Clerks of the Peace and

Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed to the Secretaries of Grand Juries within their respective Limits.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Grand Juries of Grand Juries t# the Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, PPoint PrPef are hereby empowered and required (in the County of Dublin and ^coimt*0 County of the City of Dublin, at the next presenting Term, and in

the other Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, at their respective Spring Assizes which shall be held next after the passing of this Act in each of the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns) to appoint in and for each Parish One substantial Householder residing the rein, to take an Account within the said Parish of the several Matters required by this Act, and in all other Counties in Ireland, to enjoin the High Constable of each Barony and Half Barony to take an Account within the said Baronies and Half Baronies respectively, of the several Matters and Things required by this Act; and that such Persons so appointed in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, taking to their Assistance and Employ, if they shall think fit, the Churchwardens, Constables and other Peace Officers in each Parish respectively, and in the other Counties of Ireland, taking to their Assistance and employing, if they shall think fit, the Sub Constables and all Persons employed in applotting and collcding the Grand Jury Assessments (such several Persons being hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein for that Purpose) shall proceed on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to take Account of the Number of Persons at that time within the Limits of their respective Baronies, Half Baronies or Parishes, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, by proceeding from House to House on the before mentioned Day, and continuing such their Examination from Day to Day, without Interruption or negligent or wilful Delay, until the same shall be fully completed; and from such Information as aforesaid shall prepare with all convenient Speed an Answer or Return to all the said Questions, according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and the several Persons so authorised and appointed shall thereafter sign the same with their Names and ordinary Designations, and attest the Cor-redness thereof by such Signature before some Justice of the Peace of the County or City within which they reside 5 and the better to enable them to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, they and their said Assistants and Persons by them employed are hereby authorised

7J2

A.D. 1812.

C. ^33. 52 GEO. III.

rized and empowered to ask all such Questions of the Persons within their respective Parishes, Baronies and Half Baronies, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons amflotuting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for dating the Particulars required to be dated concerning them in the said Answm and Returns; and every such Person refuting to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for every such Refutid or false Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Penalty. Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of any

Justice of the Peace before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made.

Person* taking

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Accounts so taken Accounts to in Writing by the Persons so appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpose Swbof the to Preparing the aforesaid Answers and Returns, and also the said

Peace, kc. who Answers and Returns prepared thereupon, shall be safely delivered or are to transmit transmitted by them to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town lame to Office Clerks of the Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns,* wherein they were respectively appointed; which said Clerks of the

MorePiiia- Peace and Town Clerts are hereby authorised and required safely to went. keep and preserve the said Accounts in their respective Offices, and

to deliver them over to their Succedors in Office respectively; and that the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall, on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, transmit with all convenient Speed such Answers and Returns as they shall have received in manner aforesaid (together with a List of the Parishes within the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and of the Baronies and Half Baronies within the other Counties respectively, from whence no Returns have been made to them) to the Office of His Majesty's Chief Secretary for Ireland; and the same shall be digested and reduced into Order by such Officer as such Secretary shall appoint for the Purpose, and that an Abstract thereof shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within the tirft Forty Days of the Session then next ensuing.

Returns defec- V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where no Relive, time trans. turn have made, or where there shall appear, on Examin* Jurles, to he at*on at Chief Secretary's Office, good Reason to believe that aude perfect. the Returns made have been defective or inaccurate, the said Chief Secretary is hereby empowered and directed to cause a List of such Parishes, Baronies and Half Baronies, from which no Returns or defective or inaccurate Returns have been received, to be transmitted to the Grand Jury of such County wherein the said Parishes, Baronies or Half Baronies arc respectively situated, with Directions that they shall forthwith proceed to cause due Returns to be made therein, under such Provisions and with like Powers as have been given to the Grand Juries by the aforesaid Euadmeats.

Allowances to

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and al Persons employ- lowed for the Trouble and Expence of the several Persons employed /A^XeCUti0Un t^e Transactions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following; videlicet) To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for every Return which shall be made from every such Parish, Barony or Half Barony* the Sum of One Shilling} and to the several Householders

and

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 133.

and Con (tables so appointed a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble by them necessarily taken, and also for the Expences (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they may deem reasonable Payment pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, for the Services hereinbefore recited, to be raised and levied together and in like maimer with the other County Charges, and paid over to the Persons thereunto entitled, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of such Grand Jury, by the Oaths of the Persons respectively employed, that they have faithfully performed the Duties enjoined them by this Act; such Presentment being always submitted to the Inspection and Fiat of the Judge of Assize, in like manner with other Preferments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Constable or other such Officer as aforesaid, and also every such Householder or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made; and in case of any of the Householders or Persons appointed to make such Returns shall by his Signature attest any Return as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, such Person so attesting the same, and being convicted thereof, shall incur and be subject to like Penalties as if he had been guilty of Perjury, by attesting such false Return on Oath before a Magistrate.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Court of King's Bench, and all and every Judge and Judges of Assize and General Gaol Delivery in Ireland respectively, are hereby directed and required, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to give this Act in Charge to the Grand Juries of the several Counties and Cities in Ireland, and to require them to comply therewith as the Law directs; and for that Purpose to desire the said Grand Juries to feled and appoint on the First Day of the Assizes, immediately after they shall have been sworn, a Committee of their Body, confiding of not more than Five, nor less than Three, to carry the Provisions of this Act into Effect.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Grand Juries within Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns shall present the Lift of Householders so selected by them as herein required, to the Judge of Assize, together with their other Preferments, for his Fiat of Approbation; which Lift, so approved, shall be deemed thenceforth competent to the Purposes of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of*Ireland, ' written An fwers are to be returned by the Householders and High Constables appointed in and for the several Parishes, Baronies and Half Baronies therein mentioned, signed by them respectively, and attested as aforesaid

5 Wh

753

Grand Juries empowered to present such Sums, raised as other County Charges.

Making false Return*

Penalty. Signing, &c#

Perjury.

Judges to give Ad in Charge to Grand Juries.

Grand Juries ft present Lifts of Householders to Judge of Aflixe.

754

A.D. 1812.

C.I33- 52 GEO. III.

Who arc respectively required to take an Account of the Resident Population, by proceeding from House to House on the First Day of September, and on the Days immediately subsequent thereto, if one Day shall not be sufficient; and they are also required to specify in Writing the Name of the Parish, Barony or Hal? Barony respectively.

I ft. How many Inhabited Houses are there in your Parish, Barony or Half Barony, and by how many Farailiet arc they occupied

2d. How many Houses are now building, and therefore not yet inhabited

3d. How many other Houses are uninhabited

4th. What Number of Families in your Parish, Barony or Half Barony, are chiefly employed in and maintained by Agriculture 5 how many Families are chiefly employed in and maintained by Trade, ManufactureB or Handicraft; and how many Families are not comprized in either of the Two preceding Classes.

[N.B. The Total Number of Families in Answer to this Qoeftkm, mud correspond with the Number of Families in Answer to the 1 ft Question.]

5th. How many Persons (including Children of whatever Age) are there actually found within the Limits of your Parish, Barony or Half Barony, at the time of taking this Account; distinguishing Males and Females, and exclusive of Men actually ferring in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Militia, and exclusive of Seamen either in His Majesty's Service, or belonging to Registered Vessels

6th. How many of the whole Number of Persons mentioned by you in Answer to the 5th Question, are Inhabitants of any City, Town or Village; distinguishing the Number which are found in each City, Town or Village respectively

7th. Are there any other Matters which you may think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Answen to any of the preceding Questions

FORM

52 Geo. III. 3 C by

FORM of ANSWERS to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, 52 Geo. 3. intituled, 'An Act for taking

an Account of the Population of Ireland.'

: i-w- 2*4>n < Question ift. Question Question 3d- Question 4th. Question 5th. Persons, including Children of whatever Age. Question 6lh.

Families chiefly 1 All other Families

Inhabited By how many Houses Other Families chiefly employed in Trade, not comprised in j. a QJ.Tqtal Names of Total

P Houses. Families now Houses employed in Manufactures and the two preceding jj."S E of Towns, Cities Inhabitants

z occupied. building. uninhabited. Agriculture. Handicraft. Classes. 1 <u U* Persons and Villages. in each.

[Af. B.  If any Family occupies Two or more Houses in different Parishes, Baronies or Hait Baronies y the Individuals belonging to such Family are to be numbered only in those Parishes, Baronies or Half Baronies, where they severally happen to be at the time of taking the Account.]

7th Question* ARE there any other Matters which you may think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions?

FORM of ATTESTATION of the Truth of Returns.

I A.B. having been appointed by the Grand Jury of the County of to take an Account of the Population in the

QTanfh, Barony or Half Barony of [as the case may be] pursuant to an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty second Year of George the O ^ird, and intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, ' do attest, That the above Returns contain, to the; best of my Knowledge]and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act.

The above mentioned A.B. attested the above Return before us, the Justices of the 7 n n _ -

Peace in and for the this Day of j C. // and A. r.

 I CfIH Oao erf CTV

C.i3*

Stf GEO. III.

7S*

IrHh Acts. io W.3. c.a*

6 Agi c. f J.

t G.. c.f

4G.

KO Q. |. c. J.

ift G. f c.y. 13 C. 4. c. xa.

lx G. 4. c. f.

5 G 3. c. 15.

19 & 20 G* 3. c. 36.

31 ^.3. c. 44.

e a p. cxxxiv.

An Act for the letter Regulation of (he Btxttet Trtk in lrt+ land.

[18th Jij/j 1812.]

c TT J ^lEREAS an Act was passed in the Pprfiap&ent of Ireland

in the Teqtb Ye^r of the Reign of His late Majesty Kiig

IViIlia in the Third, iptyttjled An Act for reforming jfbufa in a

4 Butter Cashty and preventing offalfe packing of Butter.: And whems one otb?r Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, iathnkd M 4 AS for the continuing and perpetuating of divers Latvt and Statwif19theretofore temporary and for amending of the Law in relation Jr 4 Butter Ca/ks: And whereas one other Act was paled in the Pm9liament of Ireland ip thf Second Year of the Reign of His hie

Majesty King Georgii the First, among other things, for the mo*9pffeftup! Amendment of the Law in rela(iqp to Butter and Talk* 4 Casks: And whereas one other Act was passed in the rarhamept of Ireland in the Fourth Year of the Rpifen of His said

4 King George the First, for repealing Part of a Clanfe in the said last recited Act made in the Second Year of His Majesty's Reig^ by which (he Dimenqs of Butter Casks axe ascertainfd, and for explaining and further amending the Law in relation to Butter Exit: And whereas an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland k 4 the Tepth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, fmong otlwr things, for continuing and amending of the Taws in rrlsuoo to Butter and Taflow, and the Casks in which such poods are to k 4 made up; which said Act was explained and amended by another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twelfth Year of tk said late King George the First, and alfq by another Act road? is the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirteenth Year of His his Majesty King George the Second, and which said Acts were amended and further continued by several Acts to the End of tk Seflkm of Parliament in the Twenty first Year of His said Ute9 Majesty King George the Second; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the said Twenty first Year of His said kr9 Majesty King George the Second, the said Acts were amended, and

were further continued to the Twenty ninth Day of September is

the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty pine, sad from9thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5 and by

another Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things, for continuing, reviving and amending several temporary Statutes tk said recited Acts or some or one of them were further continued, so9far as related to Butter and Tallow, and the Casks in which such Goods are to be made up, with several Alterations and Amendments: And whereas one other Act was paftod in the Parliament qS 4 Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Hist present Majesty King George the Third^ among other things for regulating the curing and preparing Provisions, and for preventing Combinations among the several Tradesmen and other Persons employed hi malting up such Provisions, and for regulating the Butter Trade in the City of Dublin; And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty first, Year of the Reign of His

laid

5? GEO. III.

c. 134.

757

' fsid present Majesty, the said recked Act of the Tenth Year of

King Qeyge foe Firit, for continuing and amending of the Law*

' in relation to Sutter and Tallow, and the Casks in which such

(foods are to be made up, so far as it relates to the continuing and

amending the said Laws in relation to Butter and the Casks in which the same is to be made up, with several Alterations andAmendments, was further continued to the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve,

and from thence Co the End of the then next Session of Parliament s

And whereas one other Act was made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His pre?

lent Majesty, intituled /In jfcj to regulate the Packing of Butter io 46 0.3. c. 59.

Ireland for Sale or Exportation: And whereas from the great In?

cnpafe of the Butter Trade in Ireland and the said Laws relatingthereto being so near expiring, it is become necessary and expedient to male several new Provisoes and Regulations as to the said Sutter Trade in Ireland J* Be it therefore pnafted by foe After Com. Rug's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con- mcncemeiu of fenjt of the Lmda Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this A*bcit#<IA& prefept Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Jal1 ceaseas l# That, from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act,

alled every the Provfoou$, Regulations apd Clauses contained in the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore recited, and every of them, which in any way concur? or relate to Butter, or to the Casks in which Butter is to be packed apd made up, hull cease and determine.

II. And be it further enacted, That at some time on or before the Weighmaster*, First Day March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in &c appointed 'rathe City of Dublin, and in every City and Town Corporate in Irer (*<* load, (except the City of Cork) the Chief Magistrate and Alder- jSST

men, or Chief jMagifhate and Surged where there are no Aldermea, ^fewhefeby1 under the Seals of their respective Corporations, and ia every Sear Quarter Session*. port pr Place of Export from whence Sutter fe commonly shipped for Exportation from Inland, such Place being no City or Town Corporate, and ip every Market Town wherein Sutter is bough* or fold or pyposed to Safe for the Purpose of Trade, the Justices of the Peace for foe County pr Counties in which fuel) Seaport or Pfece -of Export and Market Town respectively lie, at fqme General Quarter Senions of the Pegcp for fvjch County or Counties respecr triply, or forge Adjournment thereof, before the said Fir (I Day of Mfreh One foot^and eight hundred and thirteen, under th^jr Hand# fud Reals, where tlpjre mall not be a public Weigh trader or joioj public Weighmaftei^ appointed under any former Act or py where any Vacancy (bail happen before foe said pirfe Qay of Merit Qqe fooufeod eight hundred and thirteen, shall nominate and apr point -some one or ropre dtfereet and skilful Person or Persons to so* publfe Wekjhmaster, or joint pubfip Weighmafeer^, and Toiler Of tatters of Butter, ia and for such respective City, T?wh Corporate,

Tlacp of Export or M#rja*t Towp; and in cpfe fych $onifopfo>n or NeateUng to

Appointment as herein directed shall fail to be made so any such Cjty, ippoint Lorfl

Town Corporate, Seaport or Place of Export so Ireland, before foe

said pirft >ay of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen,

then herein diceffect, such Nomination and Appointment shall by

vested so for Lord Lfoutenant or other Chief Governor pr Qpvproorf

of for P&y Couugil of Jrelwl fc1* the 5^ hfog

3 C 2 III. And

A.D. 1tfii,

7I

C. 134;

52 dto. nr.

Weighmaster to provide Weigh-houses, Sec.

Hours of Attendance.

Weighmasters, fcc. removable fbrMilbehaviour.

Act*

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every public Weigh-master or joint public Weighmasters, his and their Sucedforor Successors in such Office, heretofore nominated and appointed, or hereafter to be nominated and appointed pursuant to this Act, shall provide or cause to be provided a sufficient and convenient Weigh House or Weigh Houses in each City or the Suburbs thereof, Town Corporate, Seaport or Place of Export, and Market Town, where no such Weigh House or Weigh Houses have been heretofore provided, together with Weights, Beams, Scales, Branding Irons and other Necessaries, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, asd shall attend at his and their respefctive Weigh House or Weigh House! by himself, themselves, or by a sufficient Deputy or Deputies appointed or to be appointed under the Hand and Seal of such public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters and Tafters (such Deputy or Deputies to be removable at Pleasure of the Person or Persons so appointing such Deputy or Deputies, or in manner hereafter mec. tioned) every Day in the Week [Sundays, ChriRmas Day, Ssk Stephen's Day and New Tear's Day excepted), from Eight of the Clock in the Morning until One, and from Two in the Afteniooa until Fottr, from the Twenty ninth Day of September until the Twenty fifth Day of March, and from thence until the Twenty ninth Day of September, irom Six of the Clock in the Morning until One, and from Two in the Afternoon until Seven, and then and there weigh, brand and mark all such Butter and Casks as by this Act they are required, such Butter being first tasted and approved of by such Taster or lifters, which they are hereby required to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of each City, Chief Magistrate and Burgeflls of each Town Corporate, Justices of the Peace of each County in which each Seaport or Place of Export and each Market Town respecthely lie, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, together with the acting Assistant Barrister of such County, shall and may from time to time, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon the Affirmation or Affirmation!, if such Witness or Witnesses be of the Profession of a Quaker (and which Oath or Affirmation the Persons aforesaid before whom any Complaint shall be so made is hereby empowered to administer) ini upon full Proof of the Misbehaviour of such public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, De-

Eor4Deputies, or any of them, in his or their Office, upon full ng of him or them, or upon his or their beinjj duly fnmmoBed &rtd neglecting -to appear, (such Summons being m Writing, and under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Two or more Justices of the Peace, and served upon the Party complained against, Forty eight Hours at the least previous to the Dayton which such Party is required to appear,) remove such public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, or any of them,s the case may he.

V. And be it further enacted, That if such public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Successor or Successors, Taster or Tafters, or any of them who shall be To removed, or if the Person or Persons complaining of him or them, shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Determination of the Ctid ^fayor, Aldermen nnd Common Council Chief^fagiftme^acd .*- gtffei,

A; D; t8'i2.'.

7fr

5^ GEO. m; C:

gestes, or Justfceis of the Peace and acting Assistant B'arrifter, or arty of them, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties who shall think' himself or thenselves so aggrieved, to apply by Petition to the next* going Justice or Justices of Affixes for the County of the* City, ' \

County of such Town Corporate, or County at large, in which the Place for which such public Weighmaster or Weigh mailers, his or their Successor or Successora, Deputy or Deputies, Taller or Tailers so' nominated and appointed and so complained of, lies; which Justice or Justices of Assize is and are hereby empowered to hear and finally to determine the Matter of such Petition, and to restore said public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successora,

Deputy or Deputies, Taller or Tafters, or any of them, if the Complaint be thought just, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and at his or their Discretion to award.reaTollable Coils to the Party, who, upon hearing such Petition, shall appear Costs. -

to be aggrieved; which Costs shall be paid by the Party against whom the same shall be awarded, within a time to be appointed by (nch Justice or Justices of Assize; such Costs, if any shall be awarded, together with the time limited for the Payment thereof, to be mentioned and ascertained in the Body of such Warrant; and in Default in Default of of Payment of the Party against whom such Coils are awarded, shall Payment, combe committed under said Warrant to the Gtol or Marshalsea of the mittea to Prison,. County of the City, Town Corporate or County at large from which such Warrant of such Justice or Justices of Assize issued, until the same are paid; such Warrant to be lodged with the Keeper of such Prison or Marshalsea, at the time of the Committal of said Party to such Prison or Marshalsea.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each and every public Weigh- Weishmasters to mailer or Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, Taller ^ive Security; or Tafters, so to be nominated and appointed by virtue of and in pur-. )

fuance of this Act, before he or they or any of them shall enter on the Execution of said Office, shall perfeil a Bond with sufficient Security to the Mayor of each City, Chief Magistrate of each Town Corporate, and Justices of the Peace of each County at their County Sessions, whefein such public Weighmaster or public Weighmasters,

Taster or Tafters shall be so appointed and nominated, in such Penalty

as said Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Justice, as the case may be, shall think reasonable, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Sterling, or

less than Fifty Pounds Sterling, for his or their true and faithful Per-

fonmance and Execution of his or their Office; and that the said

Weighmaster or Weighmasters, and their Deputy or Deputies to be

by them employed, together with th, e Taster or Tafters, shall take r

and subscribe before the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices of and to take Oath*

the Peace, as the case may be, the Oath (or, if a Quaker, the Af-. '

formation) following

I A.B. do swear, [or, affirm] That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Office of public Weighmaster [or, Taster of Butter,

4 as the case may be-] of the City of*[or, of the Towri

4 Corporate of or, of in the County of being a Place of Export; of, Mar-

ket Town of in the County of

4 as the case may during the time I shall continue in said Office

4 I will take Care truly, without Fraud or Delay, to weigh or cause

3*C 3'*- to'

j6o

Bondi and Affidavits of Weigh-masters, Icc.

rfe ofr!ttance nd Oath filed with Clerk of Peace.

Certificate.

If Surety die* Sec. fresh Sects aty given.

We'jthmaster, St(. to froduce Certificate.

If Weijhmaster fell, his Otiice void.

Weighmaster, Sec. neglecting, See. to attend.

C. 1J4. 5V 010. nr. A.D. 1812.

1 to be weighed fill Buffer, and to weighfid htimd* iff G*dt to N ' weighed and branded, all Oasks, id such Order as the kid Goods shall be brought to me to he weighed and branded > and tafttand truly try all Butter required 16 be tailed ift pifrfaiaee of tty*Office at Taster of Butter, and in all other fefpeAs, to thetefttfmy Skill and Judgment, I will truly execute iAy said Charge/ Which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayof, Chief MagHNfe Justices, at the case may be, are hereby empowered and required to administer; and Which Ofith or Affirmation all and every former Weigh mailer and Weighmasters, his or theif Deputy of Deputies, who shall be in Office at the Commencement of this Act, ate hereby required to take and subscribe.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds heretofore ett-cuted Or hereafter to be executed by any public Weighmaster dr public Weighmasters, for the due Execution of his or their respectW Office or Offices, and the Oath or Affirmation which he or they or his or their Deputy or Deputies have already taken or shall take 00 entering On the Office of public Weighmaster or joint public Webb-masters, Deputy or Deputies, pursuant to any former A At before recited, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be fuffideat to oblige them to observe all the Provisions of the present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Weighmaster, Deputy Weighmaster and Taster, before be take upon himself to act in the Duties of his Office, shall file or lodge or cause to be filed or lodged such Bond and Oath or Affirmation so entered into, ind made and subscribed as aforesaid respectively in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, County of a City or County of Town, iti which such Weighmaster, Deputy and Taster shall aA u such; and the feud Clerk of the Peace shall give to the Party <0 lodging such Bond and Oath or Affirmation, a Certificate thereof, ik which shall be set forth the Names and Additions of the Sureties is stich Bond; and Oath or Affirmation, so subscribed as aforesaid, shaft by such Clerk of the Peace be kept and preferred amongst the poWk Records of his Office.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so becoming a Surety shall die or become Bankrupt or an lftsolvent, the Ptrfoa hr Whom such Person became Surety shall, within One Calendar Meath after the Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency of such his Surety, give fresh or new Security, to be approved of ift like maimer is here* before mentioned, and m like manner lodge or cause the same to he lodged with the Clerk of the Peace.

X. And be it farther enacted, That every Perfoft who Avail a&as Weighmaster, Deputy Weighmaster or Taster, shall, upon the Request or Demand of any Magistrate Or Merchant, or Bayer of Better, produce and shew the Certificate of his having taken such Oath aid given such Security respectively as hereinbefore directed*

XI. And be it further enacted, That ifanv Person who hathfieto or shall be appointed a Weighmaster, shall alien, fell or leak his office of Weighmaster, that then and in every such case his kid Office shall cease and determine.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any public Weighmaster or Joint public Weighmaster, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, shall neglect or refuse to attend on the Days and during the lefpe&ivtf times hereby appointed, f&M public Weighmaster

or

A.D. 1812.

5^010. HI,

0.134, j6t

of joint ptfblfe Weighfriafeers# bkdr tUrfr IWply er Deputies# Taffef Or Taftert, shall fdr each Offence of hhftferlf ch themselves forfeit the Suit of Five Poutids Sterling; to be recovered by foeh Person or Per- Penalty, font who shall rft sue for the same by Civil Bill in the County of the City or County at targe where such Offence shall be ootooirkted 3nd where Civil Bills are usualjty tried# with Kfce remedy of Appeal for Appeal, either Party as in cases of Civil Bflta# or in a fonnrii f wky before Two Justices of the Peace where such Offence shall be eomnffKtd.

XIII. And be it further erra&ed* That the Mayor of each City# In of AS. Chief Magistrate of each Town Corporate, or a Jurftioe of flie Peace fenre of Wek-of the County at large in which there is*Place of Export or Mariet mailer Depot? Town, where a public Weighmaster or joint public Weighitpifters is* remoreable for are or shall be nominated and appointed as afomaid, in (he Absence of fetch public Weighmaster or joint public Weigh makers of such City*

Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, an the Case shall happen to be, shall and ifofy, upon Complaint m Writing* and upon full Proof upon Oath or Affirmation 3* aforesaid of One or mor? credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmatfoa fochf Mayor, Chief Magistrate of Justices afovefati, as the case may be, in hereby empowered and required to adteiaifter) of the Misbehaviour of the Deputy or Deputies of such public Wefehmaster or joint pub* lie Weighraafters, or any of them, and upon foil hearing of him or them, or being duly fumtaoned to appear before foeh Mayer, Chief Mag iff rate of Justicd of the Peace# an the rfe shall happen'to be# having Forty eight Hours Notice as aforefekl, and iwgteding to appear, have Power from time to time to remove such D or De-

puties from his or their Office or Offices# and to nominal appoint another or others to act in his or their Place or Stead dicing the Absence of such public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters from time tQ time as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall fell or el- Casks of fesfon-pose to Sale any Case or Casks within $rrf Cky or Liberties thereof# Oak or Afl, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town# for packing 01 &c* M dcfcnbid* Butter for Sale or Export# or shall make up'Or pfagk aoy Butter in any Calk or Casks to be exposed to Sale or for Export hi such City#

Town Corporate or Market Town or Ptace of Export, unlefa foefar

(talk or Casks be made of good seasonfd white Oak* or Alb, Sycsu

snore# or Beeft), (whereof no Pqrt to be of Bog Timber) and; Audi

be fuB bound and made tight, so that each Caw shall r hold Fickle*

with Head apd Bottom' e<pially doofed atad set to the Cfoss, with

jgood and fafffcient Hoops on each Case $ and that every Person so Exposing to Sale

telling or exposing to dale any Case of Cases for packing Butter Casts not nude

within aqy such City and Liberties, Town Corporate# Place of Ex- m directed,

port or Market Town# spade otbetwife than as herein dire died, or

not being of the Weight herein after required, being thereof convic*

ted before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Towo

Corporate* or a Justice of the Peace for the County in which foeh

Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, qtv summary Hearing

by the Oath or Affirmation, as the case may be* of One or more ere-,

dible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation the said

Mayor, Chief Magistrate and Justice, as the afe may be, is and.are hereby empowered and required to adravoider) Or upon the Confdfioa

of such Offender, before foeh Mayor, Chief Magifltfate or Justices

ft* the Case xpay be, shall for every such Case forfeit the S\im of Tea Penalty.

3C

Shillings

Distrefi.

Imprisonment.

Person* packing up Butter in Cailu m de other wise than directed.

[Penalty.]

XJLWf.-

Imprisonmentt

Empty Caflci weighed abd

Shil ings Sterling, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, which Warrant he or they, as the case may be, are hereby empowered and required immediately to issue, in case of Non Payment upon such Conviction or Confession as aforesaid; and in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy such Penalty, then such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices, as the case maybe, (which Warrant he and they are hereby empowered and required to issue) shall be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Space of time not exceeding One Month, nor less than One Week at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices, as the case may be; and every Person making up or packing any Butter to be exposed to Sale, or for Export within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, in any Cask or Casks made otherwise than as herein directed, or not being of the Weight as herein after required, or not having the Stave's, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein after required, being thereof convicted on a summary Hearing, by the Oath or Affirmation, as the case may be, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, where such Offence shall be committed, as the case may be, and which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, is hereby required and empowered to administer, or upon Confession of such Offender before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices of the P* ace, as the case may be, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Butter, and so in Proposition for every less Quantity which shall be in such Cask or Casks, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender'i Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices, as the case may be; which Warrant the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is* hereby empowered and required immediately to issue, in caseof Non Payment upon such Conviction or Confession as aforesaid; and in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to fetisfy such Penalty, then such Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate Or Justice, as the case maybe, (which Warrant said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice or Justices aforesaid, as the case maybe, is and are hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case may be, there to'remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding One Month nor le(s than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice* as the case maybe; and that the public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters of each City, Town Corporate, Plate of Export or Market Town, for the time being, hie or their Deputy or Deputies, shall not weigh or brand any Butter until the same shall be made up in Casks made according to the Directions of this Act; and no-Person shall buy, sell or expose for "Sale, any empty Calk or Casks for packing <3f Butter,

: - n % within

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 34* 7^3

within any City or Liberties thereof,. Town Corporate, Place of Ex- branded hefore port or Market Town, before such Calk or Cades shall be weighed expoied for Sale, and branded by the said public Weigh matter or joint public Weigh-masters, his or their Deputy or Deputies; which said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall be and is and are hereby empowered and required to weigh all such empty Casks, and to allow on account of Soakage, Two Pounds more on each Allowance for Calk which shall contain Fifty six Pounds Weight of neat Butter, and Soak*!*Three Pounds for every Calk which shall contain Seventy Pounds '

Weight of neat Butter, or Three Quarters of an Hundred Weight Gross, and fa in proposition for every less Size; the Weight of which empty Casks, with the Allowance of Soakage aforesaid, the said Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, hiSor their Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to brand on the Side and Bottom of every such empty Calk or Casks, in Figures and not in Letters; and in case any Person shall buy, sell or expose to Sale, within any Persons felling, City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Mar- &c- any empty ket Town, any empty Calk or Casks for packing of Butter, not uot

weighed and branded as aforesaid, every such Person (being thereof rtran e*convicted before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, and where such Of-

fence shall be committed, on a summary Hearing by the Oath or Affirmation, as the case may be, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, is hereby empowered and required to ad-miuifter) or upon the Confession of such Offender, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling for every Calk so brought, or fold or Penalty, exposed to Sale as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Distrafs. Offender's Goods and Chattels, ' by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, which.

Warrant he and they are hereby empowered and required to issue immediately upon such Conviction or Consession, in case of Non Payment; and in case such Offender shall not have Goods and Chattels sufficient to satisfy the said Penalty, then such Offender shall, by Warrant ander the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor,

Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered

and required to issue) he committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Imprisonment. '

Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town shall be, and where

such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or

Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding One Month nor less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be; and whenever any such Calk or Casks

of Butter shall be brought to any such Weighmaster or Weighmasters,

his or their Deputy or Deputies, for the Purpose of being weighed,

which shall not have the Tare branded and marked upon the Side Casks not having

and Bottom of such Calk or Casks by the said Weighmaster or Weigh- Tare branded,

mailers, his or their Deputy or Deputies, that then it shall be,

lawful for such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy.

or Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause such

Calk or Casks to be stripped, and shall weigh and brand the same in

like manner as if such Calk or Casks had been brought empty to such

Weigh-house, but they shall not give any Allowance for Soakage on

v any

1*4

C. 1J4-

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Cooper's Jt*m6 fi Casks.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

any such Calk* and it shall be lawful for fold Weighmsflfct nr Weigh* mailers, his or their Deputy or Deputies* to use nrif other Bond or Mark ki Addition to the foregoing* which the said Weighrarihtor Weightaafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies* lh*H think leak fcdble to be counterfeited $ and all empty Calk at Gaiks, or Calk or Casks of Blitter which shall be brought to any Weigh-hcmfe of any Gty# Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, to be weqrhed and branded, shall have the Name of the Cooper who made such Calk or Casks, branded in a legible manner On ibmc conspicuous Part of it Or them; and in case any empty Calk or Casks* or Gaflc or Caflcs ef Butter, shall be brought to any of the said Weigh-bourfcs to be weighed and branded as aforesaid, not having the Name of the Cooper branded on it or them as aforesaid the said Weigh mailer 6r Weigfc-iViefters, his or their Deputy or Deputie*, is and Ore hereby empowered and required to seize and carry such empty Cade or Cadis* Or such Calk or Casks of Butter* before the Mayor of fuels City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Weigh-house shall lie, as the case may bey who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the same*and if such Calx or Casks shall, upon Examination* Inspection or due Proof, appear not to be branded with the Name of said Cooper as aforesaid, he fhdtl adjudge such Calk and Casks to be forfeited, and the Perfok to whom such Calk or Casks of Butter, or empty Cask or Casks shall belong, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shdlmgi SttiMng for every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Butter which such Calk or Ctffk* shall contain f and the said Mayor, Chief Magistrateot Justice of the Peace aforesaid, -a* the Case may be, is hereby empowered and required to det's such Calk or Casks of Butter until such Penalty shall lie fairs bed; and if such Penalty shall not be satisfied within Fourteen Days, such Mayer* Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to cause such Calk of Casks of Butter to be sold by pub* lie AoClion, and shall, out of the Money for which the same mi be sold, deduct such Penalty and the reasonable Expence* of such Auction, and shall pay the Overplus to the Owner of such Calk or Case* Weighmsfternot of Butter; and in case the said Weighmaster or WeighfnaJiers, his or branding Calk* their Deputy or Deputies, shall weigh and brand any Calk or Cade* of Butter, or for packing of Butter, not made at herein, or not being tf she Weight herein after directed, or not having the Stott*, Bottom* and Head thereof of the Thickness herein after mentioned and required, dr not branded with the Name of the Cooper as herein required, of shall mark or brand any Calk or Casks fabely as containing chore or lbfs than the true Weight, such Weighmaster or Weighmaftcre* hi* 6t their Deputy or Deputies being thereof convicted before tbf Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Platte of Eapftrt or Market Town lhaB lie, as the case may be, on a ftmwriSry Hearing by the Oath for Affirmation, if a Quaker) of One or mei* tttediNr witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate ot Justice of the Peace of the County, ad the ttafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to adrtiafoter) As# for every such Calk not made or branded a* heVeie k dtreded*r* being of the Weight herein after prescribed, or riot haring the StaVe^ Bottom and Head1 thereof of the Thickoefr herein after required* so weighed andbfaudodby him>or then^foafoit the Sort of Free Shd-

tag*

made at directed or branding foil*!/.

Penalty,

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

G.134.

lings Sterling, and for every Cask so marked of branded faHely, the Sam of Ten Shillings to be levied in case of Non Payment, by Dif- Distrest. trtfs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, as the case may be; Which Warrant laid Mayor, Chief Magistrate dr Justice of the Peace aforesaid, is hereby empowered and inquired to issue.

XV. And be it farther enacted, That all and every Cask and Casks of Butttr Casks of Butter which shall be brought into any City or Liberties for Sale, tritd, thereof. Town Conporate, Sea Pott or Place of Export or Market &c, fthy Town, for Sale or for Exportation, shall, before the same is fold or er* exposed to Sale in, or exported from such City or Liberties thereof.

Town Corporate, Sea Port or Place of Export or Market Town, be brought to some one of the Weigh-houses aforesaid, there to be tailed, weighed and proved by said Weighmaster or Weighmasters,

Taster or Tafters of such City, Town Corporate, Sea Port or Place of Export or Market Town, as the case may happen to be, his or their Deputy or Deputies, who is and are hereby required strictly according to their respective Offices to inspect the same, and before he or they mark or brand or approve the same, to fee that such Butter be merchantable 5 and in case any such Butter shall appear not merchantable, said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy Or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, are hereby empowered and required to seize the same, and carry it, and cause the Person or Persons who fold or exposed the same for Sale, or the Owner thereof, by Summons, to appear before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of Peace for the County m which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, where such Butter shall be so fold or exposed to Sale, as the case may be, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the same; and if such Butter shall, upon Examination or InspefWon, or due Proof, appear to him to be unmerchantable, he shall adjudge the same to be forfeited 5 and pena|t-if any such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, in case of DroVt shall be doubtful of the Quality of such Butter* or if either Party Two indiffere* require the same, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the tta"

Peace as aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and ^tJudat* lired to summon, examine and hear upon Oath, or Affirmation if pcten

uaker, ^which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magrf-rate or Justice of the Peace, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to administer Y Two fkllful, disinterested and impartial Persons, and whom he shall consider and believe to be competent Judges in relation to the Nature and Quality of such Butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same 5 and when such Butter, so brought to be sold, weighed or exposed to If merchanr^le^ Sale pursuant to this A t, shall appear to such Weighmaster or Weigh- wclghtd art matters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, to be teMdsd, merchantable, said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy Or Deputies, shall and is and are hereby fequired to weigh the same, and to brand and mark on the Side of each Cask the gross Weight thereof, in Figures, and not in numerical Letters, and to nfe any other Brand or Mark in Addition thereto, which the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, fhdl think least liable to be counterfeited; and in case the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, &*B makefe

of

A.I>.1812.

C. 134. 52 GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

iJUticls.

Butter improperly packed brought he fore Mayor, &c.

[Penalty.]

Mayor, &r. tnay examine on Oath.

l^eesjo Weigh-mtfters, fcc.

of numerical Letters in branding any empty Calk or Casks, or Cask or Casks of Butter, such Weighmaster or Weigimiaflers, Lis or their Deputy or Deputies, being thereof convicted, on a summary Hearing, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) before such Mayor, Chief Magifbatt or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, (and which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Calk so branded, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, as the case maybe; which Warrant Lid Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (Jtatl in any Calk or Casks pack up or mix old Butter with new, or mix Bay Salt in Head of White Salt in packing it, or greater Quantities of Salt than what melts in working it up. and mail bring the same to any of the said Weigh-houses, \hat it shall and may be lawful for every such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to seize and carry such Cask of Butter, and cause the Person who brought the same to be weighed, or the Owner thereof, to be sum-rooned to appear before the Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace of the County as aforesaid, as the case may be, who is hereby empowered and required to inquire into the same, and if such Cask shall, upon Examination, Inspection or due Proof, appear to him to contain old Butter mixed with new, or that Bay Salt instead of White Salt shall have been used in packing such Butter, or that ^greater Quantities of Salt than what melts in it hath been ufedia packing it up, he shall adjudge such Cask or C; fks with the Butter contained therein, to be forfeited; and if such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, shall be doubtful concerning such Butter, or if either Party require it, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine and hear upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case m y happen to be, i* hereby empowered and required to administer) Two ikiiful, disinterested and impartial Persons, whom he (halt consider and believe to be competent Judges in relation to the Nature and Quality of such Butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same.

XVII. And whereas the weighing, examining and branding such

empty Cask or Casks, and Cask or Casks of Butter, are attended

with great Expense and Trouble; Be it therefore enacted, Thit the Weighmaster or Weighmasters of each City. Town Corporate, Place of Export and Market Town for the time being, shall have an4 receive from the Person bringing the same to be weighed and branded, or from the Owner thereof, the Sum of One Penny, and no more, for every such empty Cask so weighed and branded; and for the weighing and branding every Cask of Butter, Two pence; and for tailing, proving and marking the Quality One Penny, to

AiHiSn.

5 GEO. 'III.'

C. 134.

7*7

be paid to the Person so tailing, proving and marking the said Butter; and that no Butter shall be paeked, fold or exposed to Sale in any Calk exceeding in Weight more than Eighty four Pounds in the Gross; and that the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall not brand any empty Calk which when full of Butter may weigh more than Eighty four Pounds Gross, nor less than Twenty eight Pounds Gross; and that the Tare of every such Calk or Casks shall be Twenty Pounds Weight per Hundred Weight on the gross Weight thereof, or to be deduced in that Proposition though it shall weigh less; and that upon Refusal to pay the respective Fees aforesaid, or any of them, by the Person or Persons liable by this Act to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taller or Tafters, to detain such Calk or Casks until Satisfaction be made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that every Calk or Casks shall have the Staves thereof as nearly of an equal Thickness as may be; and that the Head and Bottom of such Calk shall be of due -Thickness, in Proposition to the Size of such Calk or Casks; and if any Calk of Butter which shall be brought to any of the Weigh-houses aforesaid, shall have the Butter in it packed above the Riddle of such Calk, such Calk of Butter shall not be weighed until the Surface of such Butter shall be reduced to a Level with the Corner Edge of such Riddle; and in case the Tare marked on any Calk of Butter which shall be brought to any of the said Weigh-houses to be weighed, shall not be in the Proposition aforesaid to the gross Weight of such Cask, it shall be lawful for the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they are hereby required to erase such Tare from such Calk, and to mark and brand thereof such Tare as shall bear that Proposition to the gross Weight thereof which by this Act. is. required.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cask or Casks of Butter shall be tried or bored at any other Place save only at one. of said Weigh-houses, or bought, fold or exposed to Sale, within any City or the Liberties thereof, Tuwn Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, before the same shall have been duly tried, weighed, and branded at any one of the said Weigh-houses heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed pursuant to the Directions of this Act, both the Buyer and Sell r of such Calk, or the Person or Persons so trying or boring such Calk or Casks of Butter, and the Person or Persons so buying, felling or exposing to Sale such Calk or Casks of Butter before the fam^ shall have been duly tried, weighed, approved and branded as aforesaid, being thereof convicted before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace of the County, as the case may be, on a summary Hearing, by the Oath (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to administer) or on Confession of the Party or Parties before such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, shall each of them forfeit for each Calk of Butter so tried, bored, bought, fold or exposed to Sale, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate 0* Justice, as the.

J case

Butter in Casks not to exceed 84IKS. in the Gross.

Tare in Proposition to Grof* Weight.

Staves, Head and Bottom of Casks.

Butter not above Riddle. Tare according to pro|K)itldhate* Weight of Casks.

Buying, Sec, Casks of Butter net branded.

[Penalty.]

Distress.

C.l34

5? GW- nc

A.D. 1812.

Imprisonment.

Butter not returned into Cavity from whence bored.

Penelur.

Buying, tc. Butter otherwise than directed.

case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Msgiirat*, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required immediately to issue upon luck Coavicfrpu ia case of Nod payment of hudPeaaJty); and in case such Offender or Offenders shall npt have Goods #od Cfet tds sufficient to satisfy and aufwer laid Penalty or Penalties, (neb Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County Gaol, as the case may be, by Warrast under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justkx, as the case may happen to be, /which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue), there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, far any Space of time not exceeding Two Months or for left than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice* as the case may happen to be; and if any Person or Perioai who shall bore any Caik or Cases of Butter within any City or Liberties thereof. Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Towi, flull not return the Butter taken out by such boring into ks ova proper Cavity in such Caik or Cfdks, such Person or Persons briar thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, by such Mayor, Chief Magife true or Judies of the Peace a fore laid, as the case may be, stall forfeit Cor every such Case the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Good# and Chattels, by Warrast under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Ma^iftnOe or Justice of the Peace aforesaid* os the case may be* (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate* Justiq* aforesaid, as the case nay be, is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such Offender or Offenders (h*U not hasp Efficient Goods pod Chattels to satisfy and answer such Penalty, then such Offender or Offenders (haM be committed, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may fey (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justios as aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to iiue) to the Gaol of such City* Town Corporate or Place of x-pptt, or County at large, as the case may happen to be, there to remain without any Bail or Mainprize, for a Space of time not exceeding One Month nor left titan One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor* Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may he.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall either buy or fell spy Case or Casks of Butter at any greater or less Tare, or shall take or give any greater or less Quantity or Allowance than the Tare and Allowance for Sonkage branded on such Caik or Casks of Blitter, or urfu> shall boy or fess any f>4 or Casks of Butter by Hand and not by Weight, fetch Person or Per* fops so buying or selling at a greater pr Jefe Quantity or T*, or Allowance foe boskage than as aforesaid, notwithstanding any Contract bet wee u the Person or Persons so felling, and the Perton or Perseus so buying by Hand and pot by Weight, on being convicted thereof before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace of the Couptv where there isSeaport or Place of Export or Market Town as aforesaid, and where such Offence shall be committed, as the case may be, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wiuwftes, or Affirmation, of a Quaker*

i which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate qt ustice of the Peace aforesaid* tb? case way happen to jfeihereby

empowered

A.D. 1ffia.

jr GEO. m, C. 134* 769

empowered and required to administer, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, a* the case may be,) shall each of them forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every such Calk of Butter so bought or sold by Penalty.

Hand as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender* Diilreft.

Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and acquired to issue); and if in case such Offender or Offenders shall not litre Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer and satisfy such Penaltyr Penalties, such Offender or Offenders shall by Warrant under the Hand and 8eal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magifttste or Justice as aforesaid, is hereby empowered and required to iSfuc) be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or ImpriTomstac. County at large, as the case may be, there to remain without any Bail or Maiopriae, for a Space of time not exceeding One Month ewr less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, before whom such Conviction shall be had.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if, from and after the Com- Revenue Oft- wtencement of this Act, any Landwaiter or other Revenue Officer cer* permitting entrusted with the lading-or putting on board any Butter for the utt*r not Puroofe of being exported from Ireland, shall permit or suffer any*

Cast or Casks of Butter to be shipped or laden on board any Ship,

Boat or Vessel, in order to be exported as Merchandize, ^any Quantify of Butter in Casses needful and aeceftkry for the real and bona fide Ufo of the Crew of such Ship, Boat or Vessel, only excepted) without liautng been previously weighed, branded and marked by the Weigh-

matter of the Seaport or race of Export where such Butter shall be fluff'd or put on board, as directed by this Act, every such Land-waker or other Revenue Officer who shall so offend, shall forfeit and ftty the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Cask which he shall permit Penalty, to be so flipped or loaded on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel, to be sacovered, dffposed of and applied, as is hereinbefore last immediately diro&ed and appointed as to other Penalties of the like Amount.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Weighmaster or Weigh- Butter bought matters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, or any by Wcightr^fter, Cooper or other Person employed in any Weigh-house aforesaid, orc* or Persong y Ferfoa in Trust for him, them or any of them, shall buy, fell, "} contract or treat for any Calk or QaAc* of Butter; and m case any poy Weighmaster or Weighmastera, his or their Dejputy or Deputies,

Taster or Tafters, such Cooper or other Person lo employed in any such Weigh-house or Weigh-houses, or any Person in Trust for him, them or any of them, shall buy, fell, contract or treat for any Caffs or Casks of Butter, the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, such Cooper or other Person fy employed in any of the said Weigh-hooses, being thereof coav&sd before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magi* trat of any Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace for the County where such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, and where such Offence shall he so committed, as the case may be, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or itncffes, or Affirmation, if a

Quaker,

A.B.1811

[Penalty.]

No Publican or Cooper to be WeighmaUer.

Wcighroafter or Deputy may hate One Cask foe Family Ule.

Brands for marking other Coopers Name*.

Penalty, Dirtrel*.

Imprisonment-

Branding, Sec.

C. 1341. 5a0 GEO. III.

Quaker, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to administei) shall forfeit the Butter so bought, fold or contracted for by him, them or any of them, or by any Person in Trust for him, them or any of them, or the Value thereof, to be recovered in like manner as the Penalty for buying Butter by Hand, and not by Weight as herein directed; and that no Person who keeps a Public House, nor any Cooper during the time such Cooper shall exercise and follow the Trade or Mystery of* Cooper, or shall employ any Apprentice or other Person in making Casks for packing up Butter for his Use or in Trull for him, shall be capable of being a Weighmaster or Deputy Weighmaster for weigh, ing of Butter within the Meaning of this Act; any thing in this Act or any {former Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall preclude such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, nis or their Deputy or Deputies, Tafteror Ta&*n, or such Cooper or other Person, from purchasing or having in his Possession One Calk of Butter at a time, not exceeding Eighty four Pounds gross height, for the Use of his or their Family or Families* and no more.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, or have in his, her or their Possession, any Brand, Mark or Instrument, for the Purpose of branding or marking on any Calk or Casks for packing up Butter, any Name purporting to be the Name of any Master Cooper who made, or for whom such Cdk or Casks were made, other than the Name of such Mailer Cooper, every such Person being thereof convicted before the Mayor of soy such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of Peace for the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town as aforesaid shall lie, as the case may be, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, I which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered to administer), shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling* to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Waff rant the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby required to issue) 5. and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods and Chattels sufficient to tnfwet and satisfy such penalty, then such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case may be, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate ot Justice, as the case maybe, is hereby empowered and required to issue) there to remain without anjs Bail or Mainprize for a Space of time not exceeding Six Months nor less than One Month, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be; and if any Person shall brand or mark any Calk or Casks for packing up Butter, with any 3rand or Mark purporting to be the Name of any Master Cooper who made such Calk or Casks, or for whom such Calk or Casks were made, other than the Name of such Master Cooper, such Person or Persons being thereof

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 134. 771

thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Cask the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of Penalty.

the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand D, ftjrcls* and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, ( which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magis-. rate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer and satisfy such Penalty, then the said Offender or Offenders shall be committed by Warrant as aforesaid, to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate Imprisonment. or County at large, as the case may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for a Space of time not exceeding Two Months nor less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice. of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may happen to be.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Weighmaster or con*

Weighmasters of any City, Town Corporate, Place of Export or before 1

Market Town, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall find on Exa- Mayor, &c. mination, that any Cask or Casks for the packing of Butter, which shall be brought to any of the Weigh-houses aforesaid, to be weighed or branded, is or are not made conformable to this Act, or are not of the Weight herein mentioned and required, or have not the Staves,

Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein required, that then it may and shall be lawful for said Weighmaster or Weiglj-masters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, to seize such Cask or Casks, apd carry the same before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of, such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, as the case maybe; which Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and ce-

ntd to enquire concerning the same 5 and if such Cask or Cades upon Examination, Inspection or due Proof before him, appear to be. made contrary to Law, ornot to be of the Weight hereby re-.quired, or not to have the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein required, he shall order such Cask or Casks to be sawed in Two across; and if such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Mayor, &c. may Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, shall be doubtful examine on of, the Quality of such Cask or Caiks, or if any of the Parties cqu-cemed require the same, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case, may be, is hereby empowered and required to fammon, examine and hear upon Oath, or Affirmation, if a Quaker,

(which said Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case m^y be, is hereby empowered and required to administer) Two able, disinterested and impartial Master Coopers, in relation to the Nature and Quality of the same, that he may be better able to determine concerning the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Mayor of Sale of Cask or any^City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or Justice of the Butter forfeited. Peace for the County in which there is such t*lace of Export, or Market Town as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall declare any Cask or Caiks of* Butter to be forfeited pursuant to the Powers given him in this Act, he shall withimFourteen Days cause the same to be sold by public Auction to the highest Bidder; and that the Money Application of for which such Cask or Casks of Butter shall be sold shall, after defraying

Monoy.

52 Geo. III.

3 o

772

A.D. 1812.

C.i3-|. 52 GEO. III.

Witness.

Foes.

Penalties going to House of Industry received kc. by Weigh-marier.

Fee.

Central Iffut.

the reasonable Expence# of such Sale by Auction, be equally divided; One Half thereof to go to the Person or Persons who shall have feizeil such Calk of Butter, and the other Half to go to the Governors of the Workhouse or House of Industry of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case may happen to be, to be by them applied in Aid of the Fund of such Workbook or House of Industry; and in case there shall not be any such Work-house or House of Industry, then that such Half shall be given and shall go to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have boa committed; and that every Penalty to be levied by Distress for any Offence under this A A, and not herein otherwise disposed, shall be equally divided; One Half thereof to go to the Party informing against and prosecuting every such Offence, (and which Party is and are hereby declared to be competent Witness or competent Wit-in fles in every such case A and the other Half to go to the Govemort of such House of Industry' or Workhouse aforesaid, as the case nay he, to be by them applied as aforesaid; and in case of no such House of Industry or Workhouse, such Half to go to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed; and the Perfos to whom any Warrant of Distress for levying such Distress, andwta shall actually levy the same, shall, for his Trouble, have andrecere the following Fees; videlicet, Two Shillings if the Penalty do not exceed Forty Shillings, One Shilling in the Pound for every Penalty above Forty Shillings and not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, aed Six pence in the Pound for every Penalty above Five Pounds; laid Fees to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Person who shall incur such Penalties, in like manner as the Penalties themselves are by this Act directed to be levied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Weighmaster or Weighmasters aforesaid, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required to receive all such Penalties and Forfeitures as by this Act are to go to the Governors of any House of Industry or Workhouse, as the case may be, aed shall account Quarterly upon Oath, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, with such Governors (and which Oath or Affirmation such Gorer-nors are hereby empowered and required to administer) for the said Penalties and Forfeitures received by them respectively, dedu&rcg Five Pounds Sterling out of every Hundred Pounds, and so in Proposition, as a Recompence for his Trouble.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any empty Cask or Casks for packing up Butter shall be seized or brought behm? the Mayor of any City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or Justice of the Peace for any County where there is such Place of Export or Market Town aforesaid, as the case maybe, or shall be adjudged and condemned, or whenever any Distress is or shall be taken pursuant to this Act, no Replevin shall lie, but the Judgment of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, shall be final and oon-elusive; and that if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or troubled, for putting in Execution any of the Powers contained in this Act, or for doing any Matter or Thing pursuant thereto, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or Judgment given against him, her or them by Default, or upon Demurrer, or a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or De-

fcndiBtg,

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

C*134' 773

fendants, shall have his or their Treble Costs, to be recovered in TreMe Costs, such manner as where by Law Coils are awarded and given to Defendants.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ciy of Cork, Ad contained shall extend or be considered, construed or taken to &c* excepted* extend, to the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, or the Liberties thereof.

XXVIII. And whereas, by several Acts now or lately in force,

Weigh-houses and Weighmasters have been long established in the

Liberties of Saint Sepulchre and of Thomas Court and Donore, which said Liberties are situate within the County of the City and County of Dublin: And whereas it may happen that Weighhouses and

Weighmasters may have been established by virtue of certain Laws and Cuiloms in force in certain other Liberties in Irclandj and it is expedient that Weigh-houses should be continued within all such Liberties, and be subject and liable to the same Regulations to

which any Weigh-houie or Weighmaster, to be erected, established,

appointed or continued in any Places by virtue of this Act, is or may

4 be liable or subject Be it therefore enacted, That the Lord of Weighmasters any Manor, or Seneschal of any Liberty, under and by virtue of a?po, nt5d.for any Law or Cuilom in force at the time of the passing of this Act, cerum 1 efUcli and which shall have been put in force or acted under for the Space of Six Years before the passing of this Act, ihnlJ respectively according to such Law or Cuilom have full Power and Authority to appoint One Weighmaster for each and every such Manor or Liberty, for Butter and Tallow, to weigh, brand and mark all such Casks and Commodities, and take and receive all such Sum and Sums of Money for weighing, branding and marking the same, as any Weighmaster or Weighmasters nominated and appointed, or to be appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, can or may have, exercise, take or receive by virtue of this Act; and after such Casks or Commodities shall be weighed, branded or marked by the Weighmaster of the said respective Liberties as aforesaid, such Casks or Commodities shall and may be exported in such Sort and M anner as if weighed by the Weighmaster of any Place under the Direction of this Act; any Clause, Matter or Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which said Weighmasters and their respective Deputies shall be subject and liable to all the Regulations, Pains and Penalties to which any other Weighmasters or their Deputies appointed by this Act or in pursuance thereof are subject and liable, under the Direction and Controul of the Lord or Seneschal of any such Manor or Liberty respectively.

XXIX. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Mayor, fcc.msjr Execution the Provisions of this Act, be it further enacted, That on, fruel)V(^?an]s Complaint or Information in Writing before the Mayor of any City, J-^moned and* Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or Justice of the Peace not 4ttndin|, for the County in which there is such Place of Export or Market Town as aforesaid, as the case may be, of any Offence having been committed against this Act, every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby authorised and required to summoa the Person or Persons charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before him at a certain Tune nd Place to be specified, and which time for such Appearance shall mot he left than Forty eight Hours after the issuing of lush Summons,

3 D a

974

A.D. 1812.

G134. 52 GEO. III.

such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the ode mrj be, Proof on Oath, if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, having been first made, which Oalh the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, of the Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons, by delivering the same to him, her or them pet-fonally, or leaving the same at his, her or their usual Place of Abode or Places of residence Forty eight Hours at lead before the time specified in such Summons for his, her or their Appearance, shall make and issue his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so summoned and not appearing as aforesaid, and for bringing him or them before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be; and it also shall be lawful for such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, w case such Person or Persons cannot be apprehended and brought before him, or upon his or their appearing upon such Summons, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, hereby authorised and required to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to proceed thereon according to the several Provisions of this Act.

Proceeding*,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfol before Mayor, for every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace afore-c# said, and before whom any such Complaint or Information shall be

made as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised and required, at the Request of any of the Parties, to issue his Summons to any Wksefi or Witnesses, to appear within the Space of Twenty four Hours, and give Evidence before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons $ and if auy Person or Persons so fuo-moned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear, or shall not give a sufficient Excuse for his, her or their De-. fault, or if any Person or Persons appearing according to such Summons shall not submit to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his, her or their Evidence touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, and be is hereby required and empowered and authorised, Proof on Oath (which Oath the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby required and empowered to administer in the case of any Person uot appearing according to such Summons) having been first made of the due Service of such Summons oa every such Person, by delivering the same to him, her or them, or by leaving the same at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, by Wangm under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice WteteflTes not aforesaid, as the case may be, to commit such Penon or Persons So appearing, or making Default in appearing, or appearing and refuting to give Evi-refuting to give dence, to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County, at Evidence, com- the case may be, to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Per-utt*son or Persons shall submit himself, herself or themselves to he examined and give his, her or their Evidence touching the Matter of such Complaint as aforesaid.

Custom House

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Butter

M made in Inland shall at any time after the Commencement of thi* f<m Butter ilk- -'AS

by v

775

29 GEO. III.

Claris;

A A be imported into any Port of Great Britain; it shall and may gaily paeked, im-be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Customs of such Port of Im- Parted into any

Sortation, to search and examine the Casks in which such Butter PortmG, B* lall be packed; and in case any Butter so imported shall be packed in any Calk or Casks not authorised by this Act, or in any manner contrary to the Directions of this Act, such Butter and Casks in which the same shall be imported shall be forfeited, and may be fieized by such Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby authorised and empowered to seize the same accordingly; and One Half of the Value of the Butter so forfeited and seized shall go to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to the Officer so seizing the same; and such Forfeitures shall and may be recovered By all such ways and means in like manner as any Forfeiture may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Customs in forcer in Great Britain.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all and Commencement Angular the several Provisions and Regulations herein contained and mentioned, shall commence and be in force from the First Day of April which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and not sooner, except where any other time is specially mentioned for the Commencement of any Clause or Provision hereinbefore contained.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act for advancing Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds to the East India Company, to enable them to discharge Part of the Indian Debt. Qi 8th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it has been resolved, that a Sum not exceeding Ante, c. 85. Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the Purpose of enabling His Majesty to advance the like Sum to the United Company of Merchants of England\ for their Relief under their present Circumstances; and it has been provided that the said Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised, together with other Sums amounting together to Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities; and by the Terms of the Loan in which the said Sum of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds is to be raised, the Capital Stock created in respect of the said Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds amounts to Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and to One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, respectively transferable at the Bank of England; and it has been agreed, that the Interest or Annuities to be payable in respect of the said Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and the Annual Sums to be paid on account of the Sinking Fund for Redemption and for Charges of Management thereof respectively, Should be charged and be deemed and considered to be a Charge upon the Revenues of the British Territories in the East Indiet, and shall be advanced by the said United Company in Londont to answer the said Interest, Sinking Fond and Charges of Management Be it therefore enacted by the 3 D 3 King's

A.D. 1810.

77<J

CommUHoner*

of Treasury authorised ro advance to East India Company a certain Sum of Money.

Compmyto pay annually into Bank certain Sums on account of Reduced Annuities.

And also certain Sunn on account of Consolirbied Annuities.

C.I35# GEO. III.

King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the CommdScroets of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required at any time before the Fmft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to advance and pay to the said United Company, out, of the said Sum of Twenty two million* five hundred thousand Pounds to be raised as hereinbefore is mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and at such times as shall be required by the said United Company, for their Relief as hereinbefore mentioned, and that such Sums shall be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order and dined that a Sum after the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds, for every Million of the said Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be deduded out of the Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced and paid to the said United Company, to re imburse the Charges to be incurred in and about the receiving, paying and accounting for the said Loan.

II. And be it further ennded, That the said United Company, previous and in preference to the Payment of any Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock, shall pay annually into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds being the Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum on the said Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, created in respect of the Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Loan of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds; and also the further Sum of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, by two equal Half-yearly Payments, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum; the said Half-yearly Payments to commence oo the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to continue to be made on or before the First Day of dprilvA the Fifth Day of OEloler in each succeeding Year.

III. And be it also enacted, That the said United Company shall pay annually into the Hands of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Account hereinbefore mentioned, in Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the Sum of Forty two thousand Pounds being the Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum on the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, created in respect of the said Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Loan of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds; and also of the further Sum of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities; the said last mentioned Half-yearly Payments to commence on the First Day of July, and to con tip t*

A.D. 1812 52 GEO. III. S.i3J. 777

and be made on or before the First Day of January and First Day of July in each succeeding Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That over and besides the said Company to pay several Sums of Ninety thousand Pounds, and Fifty five thousand Charges of four hundred and ten Pounds, and Forty two thousand Pounds andiUt>emen Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds hereinbefore mentioned, the said United Company shall pay into the Hands of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by Half-yearly Payments, such Sura and Sums of Money as pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign 48 0.3.C. 4* of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the advancing for the Public Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proposition of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England, for Payment of Unclaimed JJividends, Annuities and Lottery Prizes, and for regulating the Allows ances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt, shall be payable in reipeci of the Charges of Management of the said Two several Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, or so much thereof respectively as from time to time shall remain unredeemed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums payable Application of for Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management on the said Saml disreited* Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, when paid into the Bank as herein mentioned, shall be carried to the Account of the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on account of the Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management on the Loan raised for the Service of the East India Company.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall at any In case of Detime be made by the said United Company in any of the Payments saul*(f hereinbefore mentioned, to the said Governor and Company of the charged o^Con^ Bank of England, at the several times hereinbefore limited for that fbiidattd Fund.*Purpose, then and in every such case so much Money from time to time

shall be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of any Monies on account of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient; to satisfy and pay the Annuities created in respect of the said Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Bank Annuities, together with the Sinking Fund and Charges hereinbefore provided in respect thereof, and in Payment of which the said United Company shall have made Default.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Compmy stand may be lawful to and for the said United Company, if they f^herSumon shall see fit, at any time and from time to time, to pay into the Hands account of

of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England any fur- Sinking Fund* ther Sum or Sums of Money beyond the said Two several annual Sums of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Two Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities and One mil-

3 D 4. liopt

52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Application of Sums p-'id to Bank for Sink-inf Fuad.

5* G. J* c. 55.

Separata Account of Sums paid o>yards Sinkit g Fund kept

lion four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidfrted Three Pounds per Centum Annuities.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sums of Ninety thousand Pounds and Forty two thousand Pounds hereinbefore provided to be paid by the said United Company to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, mall be appbed by them in Payment of the said Annuities, in respect of the said Principal Sums of Three millions and One million four hundred thousand Pounds * the same shall become due, and that the said Two several Sums of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and Fifty fire thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall from time to time be paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Cashier, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said several Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities ^nd One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, shall be by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in dead of the Sum* which would have been issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in respect of the said Capital Stock of Three milliom Reduced Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Annuities, under the Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act made in toe Twenty fxth Year of His present Majes/t Eeigny intituled An Act for vejling certain Sums in Commissionert at the End of every Quarter of a Teary to be by them applied to the Redud'm of the National Debt, and to dire8 the Application of an additional Sum to the Redudton of the said Debtt in case of future Loans } and the said Commissioners shall from time to time apply the same, and also the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith, in the Purchase of Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great Britain bearing an Interest of Three Pounds ptr Centum, in such manner as is directed by any Act or Acts now in force with respect to any other Sums issued to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of thb National Debt; and all and every the Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provisions contained in any such Act or Acts respect injr the Application of Monies issued or placed to the Account of the mid Commissioners, shall be excercifed ant} applied and be in full force with respect to the Monies issued or placed to the Account of t?he said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are herein expressly varied, as fully as if the same were particularly re-enacted herein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall be kept of the Amount of the Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great Britain bearing an Interest of Three PoundsAer Centum, purchased or redeemed Dy the Operations of the said Two several Sums of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty re thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and such other Sum or Sums of Money as from time to time may be paid into the Hands of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Ciftuer, On account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Two several Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds fer Centum Annuities and One million four hundred thousand Pounds

CaO-

A.D. 1812.

2 GEO. III. C. 135.

Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and also of the Dividends payable out of any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith 5 and whenever and so soon as the Sum of Four millions four hun- When Stocks dred thousand Pounds Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great aTC redeemed or Britain bearing an Interest of Three Pounds per Centum, being the Purchased> P*X-Amount of the said Two several Sums of Three millions Reduced mtnl*to cet Annuities and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Annuities, created by the said Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, mall have been purchased or redeemed by the Operation of the said Two several Sums of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be paid on account of the said Sinking Fund as hereinbefore mentioned, and of the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith; then and from thenceforth the several Payments hereinbefore provided for the Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management thereof respectively, shall wholly cease and determine, and the said United Company shall be wholly acquitted from all future-Demands in respect thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said United Com- In case of Failure

pany or their Successors shall make Failure in any of the Payments Payment ty hereby required and appointed to be made into the Hands of the ho'T

said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before

the respective Days or times hereinbefore limited, that then, and from time to time as often as such case shall so happen, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to His Majesty*6 Use by Action of Debt or upon the Case,

BiH, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit or Information, it shall be lawful to declare that the said United Company or their Successors are indebted to His Majesty in the Monies in which they have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of the Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be fuffiscient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, there shall be further recovered to His Majesty's Use, against the said United Company or their Successors, Damages after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies so unpaid contrary to this Act, with full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company and their Successors, and all their Stock and Funds, and all other their Estates and Property whatsoever and wheresoever shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages and Costs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money Payments payable or to be paid for the Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Charge on Tw-Management of the said several Sums of Three millions Reduced

Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred al

thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities,

shall be and be deemed and considered to be a Charge upon the Revenues of the Territorial Acquisitions in the East Indies, m like manner as if the Interest payable in respect of the Indian Debts, which have been or may be discharged by means of the said Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds had remained payable in the East Indies; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

A.D. 1812.

C. 135, 13d. 52 GEO. III.

Ptyroenti paid into Bank exempted from Property Duty.

United Company to cause Funds for the Payment of such Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management, and all Sams of Money which they shall have become liable to pay in respect thereof, to be appropriated and provided out of the Indian Revenues, and to be remitted to England in the same Order of Preference in which the Interests on such Debts so discharged would have been payable if they had remained due and owing in the East Indiet; any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Property Tax in respect of the Sums hereinbefore directed or authorised to be paid into the Bank of England by the said United Company, shall not be paid or borne by the said United Company, and the same Sums of Money shall be paid by the said United Company without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever in respect of the Property Tax or otherwise howsoever 5 but such Property Tax shall be deducted from the Dividends payable in respect of such Sums of Money, in such manner a the Property Tax in respect of any other Part of the Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities and Consolidated Three Pound* per Centum Bank Annuities is or ought to be deduced and paid.

CAP. CXXXVI.

tO. 3. (I)c.

Director of Coal Yards to buy Coals at Prices (proved of by JLurd Lieutenant.

An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to regulate the Price of Coals to be bought for the Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled At 4 Act to prevent the excejpve Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that One or more Yard or Yards should be taken at the Expence of the Public, for the Purpose of 1 laying in a sufficient Quantity of Coals for supplying the Jouroey- men, Tradesmen and Manufacturers, and the Poor of the City of Dublin, with Coals, in the manner and subject to the Regulations

and Provisions thereinafter mentioned; and that the said Coals should be bought in at the public Expence, when Coals should be under Sixteen Shillings the Ton: And whereas the Price of Coals in the City of Dublin has not for several Years lad past been so

low as Sixteen Shillings by the Ton Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Director or Superintendent of such Coal Yard from time to time, and at all times, to buy Coals for the Supply of every or any such Coal Yards, in manner in the said Act mentioned, at any Price or trices that shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; such Approbation to be signified in Writing to such Director or Superintendent, previous to every such Purchase, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, and that such Coals shall and may be afterwards fold in manner and under and subject to the Regulations in the said Act mentioned.

II. And whereas fiuce the Encrease in the Price of Coals many large Quantities of Coals have from time to time been purchased for

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. ra.

c. 136, 137,

78t

the Use of such Coal Yards, at Prices exceeding the Rate fixed by Law as aforesaid, and where such Purchases were fairly made it is reasonable that the Parties concerned should not suffer thereby

Be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of Imprest Owmissionet* Accounts in Ireland shall be of Opinion that any such Purchase hath of Imprest Ac-been fairly and bona fide made for the public Benefit, it shall and may chareetM be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby re- for co^t^Pur. quired to allow the same in Account, and to admit the Price paid for chafes taiiiy such Coals as just and fair Discharges for and on Behalf of the Di- made, rector or Superintendent of such Coal Yards, or of any other Person or Persons who so paid the same respectively.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned. faotli July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the 51 G.sse.i, r.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Jin for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Hmount,

for the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas

Exchequer Bills were issued under the said Act, to certain Commissioners therein named, and were by them advanced to Manufacturers, Merchants and Persons engaged in Trade, on certain Terms and Conditions: And whereas Circumstances have occurred which render it expedient to extend the time for the Repayment of the

Instalments remaining due on the said Loans of Exchequer Bills,

upon the Terms and Conditions herein after specified Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons mav if* Persons to whom any such Relief shall have been granted under the ply to Commis-said recited Act, his, her or their Heirs, Executors and Adminif- <Ioner3 to hlve trators, and his, her or their Sureties, and who respectively shall be desirous of enlarging or extending the time limited by the said Act exlehded for the Repayment of any Part of any Loan of such Exchequer Bills, who may extend to make Application to the Commissioners named and appointed under it as spedfied. the said Act, or such of them as shall be still living, who are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, for any Enlargement or Extension of the times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding the times or the Propositions of any such Loan herein after specified; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to enlarge and extend the time for the Repayment of any such Loan in the Propositions as to what may be due thereon, and for the times herein after specified, either upon the Obligation or Obligations,

Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties heretofore accepted and made liable for Repayment of any such L^an, or any Interdl thereon, without any other or new Obligation, Deed or other Security or Agreement whatsoever, other than such Consent of Sureties as here* inaxter mentioned, or upon such other and new Security or Securities,

or

A.D. 1812.

fS2

C.I37.

Si* GEO. III.

Sureties willing to remain Jo for Repayment of Lonn at extended times, 'o figrvfy Consent to Secretary in Form in Schedule (A.)

Meetings of Commissioners.

Commissioners nay grant to Persons not pre-

o* other and new Surety or Snretiefe, either for the Whole of aoy such Loan, or for any separate and distinfct Part or Parts of any Lehr Loan, upon new and separate and distinct Security or Securities, rther with the former Sureties, or separate and new Sureties for each separate and distinct Part of any such Loan, in Keu of any former Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem proper and necessary; and it shall and may be lawful for the hid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to require any new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, whenever they shall think the same necessary, and to cancel and annul any former Obligation or Obligations, Security or Securities, and to separate and divide any such Loan or Loans, and to grant such Enlargement and Extension of time for each Part separately of any Loan so divided under this Act, and to require and take separate and distinct Securities for any such divided Part of such Loan; and it shall be lawful for the Laid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, if they think necessary, to require the Appearance of any Party or Parties in any such Loan, and to proceed to examine into and determree the Sufficiency of any such old or new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, in like manner in every respect as they are empowered by the kid recited Act to do with respect to any Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, to be propofea and given previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills under the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enadsd. That all and every Persons and Person liable as Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of any such Loin or Advance at the times limited by the said hereinbefore mentioned Act, and who shall be willing to remain Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance, or of any Part or Proposition thereof, separated and divided under this Act as aforesaid, at such enlarged or extended time as shall be granted under this Act, fluU signify their Consent to remain such Sureties or Surety, by fobferi-bing their or his Names or Name to a Writing to be left with the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being, according to the Form in the Schedule in this Act marked (A.), and every fock Consent so subscribed and delivered, shall be binding upon the respectire Sureties or Surety so signifying the same, their, his or her Heir*, Executors or Administrators, in like manner as such respective Surrtiei or Surety were or was, by the original Bonds or Bond entered into by them or him, bound for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That within Seven Days after this Act shall have received the Royal Afsent, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper Person or Persons to receive all such Applications in Writing as mall be made to them for such Enlargement or Extension of the times for the Repayment of the Amount of any such Loan of Exchequer Bills, and shall also fix proper and convenient Days for the Purpose of taking into Confederation all such Applications, and AaiA meet together for that Purpose, and proceed to take into Consideration all such Applications as shall specify the times to which such Payments are required to be extender (not exceeding the Limits or Propositions herein after mentioned).

Iv. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or Periioa making such Application to the said Commissionert* shall be required

A.D. 1812.

52<OEO..HI.

C- < 37-

783

by the fyii Commissioners to give any new Security or Securities, or pared to render to produce any new or other Surety qr Sureties, and shall not previous new Securities to or upon any of the said Instalments becoming due and payable XusTo'lnltaf" under the said recited Act, be prepared to render such sufficient Sc- m, ts becoming curityor Securities, or Sureties or Surety, as shall by the said Com- due, kc. further roiflipoers be deemed requisite; or in case such Person or Persons shall time, the Grant prove to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners that by reason of the which shall Distanceat which any Sureties or Surety are then redding, the Con- schwluleTB1) sent of such Sureties or Surety under this Act cannot immediately be procured, it.shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person, such further time for the procuring and tendering

such Security or Securities, or procuring the Consent of any such Surety or Sureties, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to allow, not exceeding the Period of One Month from the time of granting such further time as aforesaid; and every Grant of such further time as aforesaid shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and in the mean time, and until the Expiration of the time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such persons respectively shall not.be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of such Ijnftalment of the said Loan, under the (rid recited Act, nor shall any Process, Suit or other Proceeding, be

issued, commenced or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security, made, assigned or deposited for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the Sureties now bound shalljcopfent to such Extendon of time, and shall in the mean time remain liable under their present Security.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from -after the signing of such Content by such Sureties under the said and the Deposit of futh further Security pr Securities, Surety or Sureties (where any such shall be required by the said Commissioners) it shall be lawful for the .(rid Comcnidioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to grant apd allow in manner hereinster mentioned, to such Parties respectively,; such Enlargement or Extension of the times of Repay- ment of Loam ment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall in their Dtf-cretion think proper. Regard being had by the said Commissioners as well to the Merits of the case of the Party so applying, as to the Sufficiency of the Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, so tendered by them, so that the said Loan be made payable in Propositions not less, and Periods not longer, than herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say. Ope Third Part of the said Loan as remains unpaid, with Interest for the same, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum % on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirteenj One other Third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the same, on the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 3 and the remaining Third Part thereof, with 1

the like Interest for the same, on the First Day of AugustQne thousand eight hundred and thirteen: And such Parties respectively to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Ex-tenfioaof the times of Payment of the said Loan, (haS oat be deemed

or - 1

Provife.

After f|gning Consent by original Sureties, 7 kc Commission-ei % may grant Extension of time of Repay-

7*4

A.D. 1812.

Grant of Exteu-fion in Form in

Schedule (C.)

Previous to receiving Certificates of Eaten fioti of time, all Interest due paid.

Remedies of recited or other for cora-pellin? Rtpayment of Loan, to continue.

Commissioner* to have same Powers as under recited Acts,

C. 137. 52 GEO. III.

or taken to have made Default in Payment of the said Loan, in manner dir6ted by the said recited Ada 5 nor shall any Proofs, Suit or other Proceeding, be issued, commenced or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Admi-niftr&tors, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned or deposited for the Purposes in the said Act mentkmed, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended times as aforesaid, except in the cases in the said Act spe-erfied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant or allow any such Enlargement or Extension of time for the Repayment of any Proposition of any such Loan, they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), and such Certificate shall be delivered to the respective Partin to whom such Extcrfion of time shall be granted as aforesaid; and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom such Enlargement or Extension of time for the Payment of any Part of any such Loan shall be granted or allowed as aforesaid, shall, previous to the receiving any such Certificate as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid to the said Commissionm, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, all Interest then due and payable on every such Loan at the time of granting any such Extension of rime as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the said recited Act, and all Remedies thereby provided for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued and advanced under the same as aforesaid, or enforcing any such Security or Securities, or Proceeding against any Surety or Sureties, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Perioos, and in all cases where the time for Repayment fhaB not have bees charged and extended according to the Provisions of this Act; and also against all Persons, and in respect of all Securities and Sureties, where any further time shall have been allowed under the said Acts or any or either of them, or this Act, for the Payment of anyfsch Loan, or any Part of any such Loan, in like manner in every respect as if the Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations or other Securities given, or Sureties who shall have become bound in respect of any Loan, for the Repayment whereof, or of any Part whereof any such further time shall have been or shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, had been given, renewed and entered into, or such Sureties had become bound under this Act, or original Bouds, Mortgages, Obligations, Securities or Sureties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities, with respect to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, and shall have all such Remedies for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Repayment of asy Loans or Advances already made, the times of Repayment of which

Z have

A.D. 1812.

52#Geo. in cr.137. 785

have been or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of thli

Act, as are given to the said Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Act in respect of any such Loan, or of any Default in Repayment of any Loan made under the said Acts.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons con- Suretie* p*yin* fenting to remain Sureties or Surety for any Parties to whom such Loan to have Enlargement or Extension of the times of Repayment of any Loans fa, Tle*n?ed.lc41 advanced to them as hereinbefore mentioned shall be allowed, on be- or Co-Suretie*coming Sureties or Surety for any Persons or Person to whom any asunder recited such Loan shall have been originally made by the Authority afore- Acts; and Mort-said, their or his Executors or Administrators shall pay or satisfy such ggei taken as Loan, or any Part thereof, or any Cods or Charges incurred in re-

covering or compelling Payment of any such Loan, or any Part thereof, such Sureties or Surety shall have all such Remedies as burferaenu against their or his Principals or Principal, or their or his Co-sureties or Co-surety (if any), as are provided by the said recited Act for the Benefit of the Sureties of the Persons obtaining a Loan of Exchequer Bills under the said Act; and moreover, all and every such Mortgages or Mortgage as shall be accepted or taken by the said Commissioners, under the Authority of the said Act given to them for that Purpose, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance heretofore made under the Authority of the said Acts, shall Rand and remain as Securities or a Security for the Re-imbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administrators, of the Whole of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid and satisfied by them as such Sureties, and shall and may be enforced and rendered avoidable by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in like manner and with the same Force and Effect as by the said Act is provided for the Purpose of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money that shall or may be advanced by the said Commissioners upon the Security of such Mortgage or Mortgages under and by virtue of the said Act..1

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Mutters and Things, Three Commis-which the said Commissioners are hereby or by the said recited Act fioner* may act required or empowered to do or execute, shall and may be done and

executed by any Three or more of them 5 any thing herein or in the said former Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Obligation to His Obligations take Majesty, taken by the said Commissioners under this Act, nor any p Commissionsent signed by any Sureties or Surety for the Purposes herein- iJbtemStsS before mentioned, nor any Promissory Note to be given to the Secre- Duty. f tary of the said Commissioners, as a Security for the Repayment of the Amount of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition or Receipt taken or made by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) whole Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively content and agree, That the Bonds already executed by tss under an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty1* Reign, intituled An Act for enabling His

A.D. 1812.

C.\yj. 52 GEO. III.

*( Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in manner therein mentioned, " a* Sureties for A?. for the Repayment of a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the said A.B. under the said Act of the Fifty Em Year of His present Majesty*a Reign, shall remain and continue.as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of remaining unpaid

on the Loan, with Interest thereon, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the said by the CommissioneFS under the said Act: And we further consent and agree, that the said Commissioners shall rbe at Liberty to grant to the said the said

Exteofion of time for Payment, either upon the Security already received for the same or other Security, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due on the said Loan, or upon such Loan separated and divided into such Parts as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners.

Dated the Day of

SCHEDULE (B.)

WE Commissioners under

an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Iuue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned, " do hereby gnat to until the

and no longer, for procuring and tendering to us good and sufficiest new Security or Securities, with Sureties [or, the Consent of Sureties of the said to remain answerable as fuen Sureties] under >an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act'] for the Repayment of the Sum of

with Infeerect, due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the said under

the said Add of the Fifty first Year aforesaid; and if the said

does not produce the same on or before the said Day of the Securities already given and entered into by the said

and his Sureties, will be.forthwith put an force for.recovering the Money due on the fakl; Loam.

Dated the Day of

SCHEDULE (C.)

WHEREAS the Sum of wasadrinced

to in Exchequer Bills, on certain Conditions,

pursuant to an Act passed in the Fifty firif/Y$ar of the Reyn of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for 14 the Purposes, and in manner therein mentioned And -whereas the said hath given Security, with Sureties, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of Parliament Trefpcdhng fu^h Relief as aforefcucj, for the Repayment of xiye said -IfOaa*by certain, JnlUi-

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 137, 138. 787

Instalments, payable at certain Periods in such Security [or, Securities] mentioned: And whereas the Sum of

dill remaius unpaid on the said Loan: And whereas an Application has been made to us the said Commissioners for an Extension of the time for repaying such Loan: Now We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being

of the Commissioners under the said Act, do, in purfuaitce of the Directions contained in an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled u An Act [here set forth the Title of this yftf] certify, That we have granted and allowed so the said the further time [orf

times] for Repayment of the Sum of or the.Instalment or Instalments of the said

Sum of [0/ the case may bc-] that is to say

[recite the Times, and SWr.]

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

[20th July 1812.]

TY/ WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 \\ England have for the Convenience of the Public caused to ' be coined or Ramped and circulated a large Quantity of Silver Dollars, containing on the Obverse Side thereof an Impression of

His Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Letters, vide*

licet " Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex, " and on the Reverse Side thereof the Impression of Britannia, and the following Words and Figures, videlicet " Five Shillings Dollar Bank of England 1804: "

4 And whereas the said Governor and Company, with the Approba- tion of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, have also issued and circulated, for the Convenience of the Public, a Quantity of Silver Pieces, denominated Tokens, for the respective Sums of 1 Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Six pence, such Tokens; for the Sum of Three Shillings containing on the Obverse Side

thereof an Impression of His Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Letters, videlicet " Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex, " and on the Reverse Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet u Bank Token, 3 Shill." with the Addition of the Year in which the same were respectively made and stamped; and such Tokens for the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence, containing the same Impression, Words and Letters on the Obverse Side thereof, as upon the said Token for Three Shillings, and on the Reverse Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet u Bank " Token, is.frn." with the Addition of the Year in which the same were respectively coined or slammed; And whereas the said Governor and Company intend to issue and circulate other like Tokens for the respective Sums of Three Shillings and One Shilling and Six pence: And whereas the Circulation of the said Dol-52 G III. 3 E larg

788

A.D. 1811.

Counterfeiting Bauk Tokens.

Transportitkm.

Putting off Counterfeit Tokens.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Persons guilty

difovrring Off. n lcr> not l' llile to Prose-lution.

C. 138. 52 GEO. III.

1 lars and Tokens has been of great public Utility, but many Instances have occurred in which the same have been counterfeited, whereby

the Public have been greatly defrauded, and the Punishment in-

flidted upon Persons convicted of counterfeiting and uttering the fame has been found inadequate to prevent such Offences; ' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, make, coin or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the making, coining or counterfeiting any Coin, Medal or Device whatsocrer, resembling or made with Intent to resemble, or look like the said Dollars or Tokens, or any of them, or to pass as such, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be trans* ported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, if any Person fcaH utter, offer or tender in Payment, or fell or give in Exchange, or pay or put off to any Person or Persons, any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, knowing tk same to be false or counterfeit, and shall either on the same Day or within the Space of Ten Days then next afterwards, utter, offeror tender in Payment, or fell' or give in Exchange, or pay or put off any more or other such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to the same Person or Persons, or to any other Person or Persons, or shall at the time of such first uttering, offering, tendering in Payment* felling or giving in Exchange, paying or putting off, hare in his or her Custody or Possession, one or more such counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, or any Piece or Pieces of counterfeit Money whatsoever, besides what was or were (b uttered, offered, tendered in Payment, fold, given in Exchange, paid or pat off, then such Person so uttering, offering, tendering in Payment, felling or giving in Exchange, paying or putting off the same, shall be deemed and taken to be a Common Utterer of such counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, and being thereof convicted shall (offer One Year's Imprisonment, and shall find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for Two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said Year and if any Person having been Once so convicted as a Common Utterer of such counterfeit Dollars or Tokens shall afterwards again utter, offer or tender in Payment, fell or give in Exchange, pay or put off, any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, then such Person, being the re-oi convicted, shall, for such Second Offence, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

III. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person, being out of Prison, shall, from and after the First Day of August Oi: thousand eight hundred and twelve, commit any of the Offences aforesaid, and shall afterwards discover Two or more Persons who shall,

l.D.iSia.

78 9

52 GEO. III

C. 138.

ball, after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and welve, have committed any of the said Offences, so as such Two or nore Persons shall be thereof convicted, such Discoverer shall not e subject or liable to Prosecution for any of the said Offences which le may have previously committed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be con- Certificate of nded of uttering, offering, tendering in Payment, felling or giving Con vi a ion in n Exchange, paying or putting off any such false or counterfeit ?lLer. Cou"ty r Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens as aforesaid, and shall afterwards u clent ro >e guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, District or Place, the Clerk of the AHize or the Clerk of the Peace for the bounty, City, District or Place where such Conviction was so had,

" for or any other Person on His

y a Transcript in a few Words, ontaining the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction, for which Cer-iiicate Two Shillings and Six pence and no more shall be paid, and Fee. uch Certificate being produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of uch former Conviction.

V. And whereas divers Frauds have been practised by making and publishing Papers with certain Words and Characters so nearly resembling the Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as to appear to ignorant and unwary Per-fooB to be the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company 'or the Prevention whereof, be it enacted, That if any Person, from Pgfoni en-ad after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and 8ravinS Pl*te, welve, shall engrave, cut, etch, scrape, or by any other Means or Impression Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, which TCm craped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall knowingly fembie Bank lid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, feraping, or by any Notes, or utter >ther Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, ay Paper re-Brifs, Steel, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, fembl, ng Notes, >r upon Wood or any other Materials, or upon any Plate whatsoever, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Cha-a&ers, the Impression taken from which shall resemble or be ap-iirently intended to resemble the Whole or any Part of any of the NIotes or Bills of the said Governor and Company commonly called Bank Notes and Bank Pod Bills, or shall contain any Word, Number,

Figure or Character in White on a black, fable or dark Ground, rithout an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from the said Groveraor and Company, to be produced and proved by the Party iccused, or shall (without such Authority as aforesaid) use any fuca Plate, Wood or other Material so engraved, cut, etched, feraped,

)r by any other Means or Device made, or shall use any other instrument or Device for the making or printing upon any Paper or ) ther Material, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters, which shall be apparently intended to resemble the Whole or any Part of any of the said Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company, or any Word, Number, Figure or Character in White on a black, fable or dark Ground; or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, (without such Authority as aforesaid) knowingly have in his, her or their Custody, any such Plate, Instrument or Device, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter, publish or dispose of or put away any Paper or other Material con-

3 E 2

taining

7j>o

A.D. 1812.

Tnufjxjrt.idon.

To wlut Paper ti not to a|iply.

Duties on Stone Betties.

Danes.

Duties for greater or left Qu*iry than a Cart.

<1.138, l39m 5r GEO. III.

taming any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wittingly hw is his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Paper or other Material containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Chanderor Characters as aforesaid, (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused) every Person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall apply to any Paper or Writing whatsoever (other than Papers or Writings resembling such Notes or Bills as aforesaid) containing an Impression from any Plate or Plates, or other Device whatsoever, with White Letters upon black, fable or dark Ground, which shall previous to the passing of this Act have been in the Custody of any Person or Persons whatsoever.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or- imported into Great Britain.

[22d July 1812.]

Moll Graeious Sovereign,

TTy E Your Majesty most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irtlml in Parliament affetnbled, thinking it expedient to grant the Duties herein after mentioned towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pitfeot Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred aed twelve, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, for and in respect of Stone Bottles; that is to say.

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two

Buarts Measure made in Ireland, and imported from thence into reat Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excise of Two Shillings and Six pence:

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure imported from any other Place beyond the Seas, an Excise Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence:

And for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure made m Great Britain, Two Shillings and Six pence,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, and also the Drawbacks granted by this Act, shall in every case be understood end deempd and taken to apply in the same Proposition and after the same Rate to any greater or left Quantity than a Hundred Weight jit Stone Bottles.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 139.

791

III. And be it farther enacted, That within Twenty Days next Importers of after the Mailer or Purser for that Voyage of the Ship or Vessel Stone Bottles to wherein any such Stone Bottles shall be imported or brought into roake ntjry* Great Britain, shall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles 14 Car.*, the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating C*IX'

Abuses in His Majesty's Customs, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of any such Stone Bottles, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excise in the Port or Place where such Stone Bottles shall be so imported, of all such Stone Bottles on board of such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, and shall then and before the landing of any such Stone Bottles satisfy and pay the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect thereof, and shall also within such Twenty Days land all such Stone Bottles, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect or Refusal Penahy. to make due Entry of such Stone Bottles, or to pay the Duty for or in respect thereof, or to land the same according to the Directions of this Act, all such Stone Bottles on board such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers,

Consignee or Consignees of the same, so neglecting or refuting, and which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Maker* of Stone Makers of Stone Bottles, before he, she or they flullprefume or make Bottles to make or manufacture any Stone Bottles, Hull make a true and particular Pre-

Entry in Writing of every House, Workhouse, Miithouse, Ware-house. Shed, Shop, Room and Place by him, her or them respectively made use of or intended to be made use of for or in the wetting, softening, grinding, preparing, mixing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials commonly uled or employed, or lit or proper to be made life of or employed for or in the making or manufacturing of Stone Bottles, or for or in the making or manufactureing, hardening, drying, baking, burning or laying or keeping of any such Bottles at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits-whereof such House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop,

Room or Place respectively shall be situate; and all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles ffyall also make a true and particular Entry in Writing of every Cone, Kiln, Stove, Vat, Cistern,

Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement. Vessel or Utensil by him/her or them kept or made use of, or intended to be made use of for or in the making, manufactureing, turning, hardening, drying, baking or burning of any such Bottles at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat,

Cistern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utcnfd respectively shall be fituUe, kept or made use of respectively; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles flu1! make use Not making of any House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Entry., Rodm or Place for or in the wetting, loftening, grinding, preparing, mixing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Material* commonly used qr employed or fit or proper to be made use of or employed for or in the making or manufactureing of Stone Bot-tjes, or for or in the leaking, manufactureing, hardening

A.D. 1812.

Penalty.'

Duties under

Commissioners of Excise.

Officers to enter Premtfes of Makers of Stone Bottles and uke Account of Weight, &c.

Notice given to Officers before putting of Stone Bottles into Kilns, &c.

C. 13;. 52 GEO. III.

baking, burning, laying or keeping of any such Bottles without having made thereof such Entry as in that Behalf aforesaid, or shall make use of any Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat, Cittern, MSB, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil for or in the making, manufacturing, turning, hardening, drying, baking, bare* ing or glazing of any Stone Bottles without having made thereof such Entry as in that Behalf aforesaid, the Maker or Makers so offending (nail, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Stone Bottles and other Material and Materials aforesaid, which shall at any time be found in any such House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or Place, or in or on any such Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat, Cittern, Vessel or Utensil respectively, whereof no such Entry as is in that Behalf aforesaid shall be m^de, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excne in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, from time to time, and at all times between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Eleven at Night, without the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, and between the Hours of Eleven at Night and Five in the Morning, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Houses, Workhouses, Millhouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Shops, Rooms and other Places entered or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles for or in the making, manufacturing, hardening, drying, baking, burning, laying or keeping of any Stone Bottles, or for or in the wetting, loftening, grinding, preparing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials commonly used or employed, or fit or proper to be made use of or employed in the making or manufacturing of Stone Bottles, and by weighing, tale or otherwise, as to such Officer or Officers shall seem meet, to take an Account of the Weights, Kinds and Quantities of the Stone Bottles which shall have been made, manufactured, hardened, dried, baked, burnt or be found in the Custody or Possession of such Maker of Stone Bottles from time to time.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles being desirous to put or deposit any Stone Bottles in any Kiln, Stove or Oven for the Purpose of baking or burning the same, shall by the Space of Six Hours next before the Beginning to put or deposit any such Stone Bottles into or in any such Kiln, Stove or Oven, give to the Officer of Excise under whole Survey he, she or they shall then be, a1 Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying in such Notice the particular Kiln, Stove or Oven into or in which such Stone Bottles are intended to be put or deposited, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is intended so to put or deposit the same; and if any such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall neglect or refuse to begin to put and deposit such Stone Bottles specified in such Notice in the KjJb,

Store

A.D. 1812.

793

52 GEO. III. C. 139.

Stove or Oven also specified in such Notice within One Hour after the time therein in that Behalf mentioned, then such Notice shall be void, and such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer before he, she or they shall put or deposit any Stone Bottles in any such Kiln, Stove or

Oven 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall put or deposit any Stone Bottles into or in any Kiln, Stove or Oven without having given such previous Notice as in that Behalf aforesaid, he,

(he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalry. Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Maker or Ma- Declaration of kers of Stone Bottles shall begin to close or flop up any Kiln, Stove Number, Sue, or Oven containing any Stone Bottles, he, she or they shall deliver Stone to the proper Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, specifying

the true Numbers of the Stone Bottles of each particular Size, Sort, Hopping up Kiln, Kind or Denomination; that is to say, the Names by which the Stone &c.

Bottles of each particular Sort or Kind are commonly called or known, with the reputed Measure of such Stone Bottles of each particular Size, and the Number thereof respectively put, laid or deposited and contained in each and every such Kiln, Stove and Oven respectively 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Declaration, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, Penalty, that no* Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall incur or be liable to the said last mentioned Penalty for or by reason of any Declaration by him, her or them delivered, as and for such Declaration as aforesaid, not specifying the true Numbers of the Stone Bottles of any particular Size, Sort, Kind or Denomination respectively laid, put, placed or deposited and contained in any such Kiln, Stove or Oven, provided the Number of the Stone Bottles of that particular Kind or Denomination respectively specified in such Declaration so delivered shall not vary more than at and after the Rate of Five per Centum from the true Numbers of the Stone Bottles of such particular Size, Sort or Kind respectively laid, put, placed or deposited and contained in such Kiln, Stove or Oven; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when any Maker or Makers Makers to give of Stone Bottles shall be desirous to prepare, light or kindle any Fire Notice for light-to heat his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven into which any Stone in5 F*rtoheat Bottles are intended to be put or deposited for the Purpose of bak- Kllns>&c* ing or burning the same, such Maker or Makers shall give to the

Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be.

Six Hours Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do

Provided always nevertheless, that no Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall be at Liberty to light or kindle any Fire for the Purpose aforesaid, or to heat any such Kiln, Stove or Oven for that or any other Purpose till after the Expiration of One Hour, to be computed and reckoned from the time when the putting or depositing of the Stone Bottles shall be (jnished; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall light or kindle any Fire for the Purpose aforesaid, or to heat any such Kiln, Stove or Oven, for that or any other Purpose till after the Expiration of One Hour, to be computed and reckoned as aforesaid, the Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles so offend*

3 E 4 ing

[ by

794

A.D. 181

[Penalty.]

Fresh Notice.

[Penalty.]

Makers to provide Weighing Room.

Makers required to keep Scales and Weights, &c.

[Penalty.]

False Scales, &c.

Penalty,

Makers to give Notice to Officer before drawing any Stone Bottles from Kiln, 4c.

C. 139. 52 GEO. III.

ing shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lode the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottle# shall neglect or refuse to prepare, light and kindle such Yire within One Hour after the time mentioned, then such Notice shall he void, and such Maker or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice m Writing to such Officer before he, she or they shall prepare, kindle or light, any Fire in or under any such Kiln, Stove or Oven; and if any such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall light or kindle a Fire in any such Kiln, Stove or Oven, without having given such previous Notice as aforesaid, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required, at his and their own Expences, to find and provide, or ered, build, make and conffrud a good, sufficient and cooveniest weighing Room in or adjoining to each Kiln, Stove and Oven by hi, her or them made ufc of for the burning of Stone Bottles.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and juff Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, she or they shall make or manufacture Stone Bot-ties, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise toufe the same for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of, and reweighing, the Stone Bottles which shall at any time be made or manufactured by or be in the Possession of such Maker or Makers; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same, or any of them, such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall in the weighing or reweighing of any Stone Bottles make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of any false, uujuit or in sufficient Scales or Weights, or (kail practise any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any such Officer shall or may he prevented or hindered from or delayed in taking the jull and true Weight of any such Stone Bottles, then and in every such case such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all such false, unjufi or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker sod Makers of Stone Bottles being desirous to draw or take any Stooc Bottles from or out of any Kiln, Stove or Oveu to him, her or them belonging, shall by the Space of Twelve Hours next before the beginning to draw or take any such Stone Bottles from or out of any such Kiln, Stove or Oven given to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying the particular Kiln, Stove or Oven from or out of which such Stone Bottles art intended to be drawn or taken, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is intended to be given, to draw or take the same from or out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven; and if auy Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, such Maker or Makers shall, when and so fdbn as such Officer or Officers shall

A.D. 1812.

795

52 GEO. III. C. r 39.

so attend, immediately and with a proper and fuflBcient Number of his, her and their Workmen or others begin to draw and take such Stone Bottles from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven, and shall without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, and with a proper and sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, proceed and continue in such drawing and taking of such Stone Bottles from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven, until the whole of such Stoue Bottles shall be drawn and taken from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven respectively; and all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles Stone Bottles shall, when and so soon as any Stone Bottles not exceeding Two wlle drawn Quarts Measure shall be drawn or taken from or out of his, her or fjrnjje?dbeir Kiln, Stove or Oven, remove, carry and convey, or cause the an(J fnfpeeted0"1 same and every Part thereof to be removed, carried and conveyed weighed, directly into the said weighing Room, and shall forthwith lay, place, put and deposit, or cause or procure the same and every Part thereof to be laid, put, placed or deposited in the said weighing Room, and shall forthwith lav, put and place the same in the said weighing Room, in such Manner and Form that all the said lad mentioned Stone Bottles may, so far as the nature of the case will admit, be the rood easily and satisfactorily viewed, inspected and examined, and the lumbers of the several Sizes, Sorts, Kinds and Denominations of such lad mentioned Stone Bottles respectively be judged of and ascertained by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Maker or Makers shall immediately on the whole of such lad mentioned Stone Bottles being so removed, carried and.conveyed into the said weighing Room, and put and placed as aforesaid, and if the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall then be in Attendance, and if not, then on being required by such Officer or Officers so to do, proceed to weigh, and shall weigh the whole and every Part of such lad mentioned Stone Bottles in the said weighing Room with such Scales and Weights as aforesaid, in the Pretence of such Officer; and such Maker or Makers shall be charged with and pay the Duty for and in respect of all such lad mentioned Stone Bottles as are unbroken, according to such Weight; and if any such Maker or Makers having Makers given such Notice, and begun to draw or take any such Stone Bottles negU^ing. from or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven, shall not, if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall so attend at the Time (periled in such Notice, without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, and with a proper and sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, proceed and continue in such drawing and taking of such Stone Bottles from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven until the whole of such Stone Bottles shall be drawn and taken from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven respectively; or if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall not, as his, her or their Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure shall be drawn or taken from or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven respectively, remove, carry and convey the same and every Part thereof, or cause the same and every Part thereof to be removed, carried and conveyed dire6Uy into the said weighing Room, or shall not lay, put, place and deposit, or cause or procure the same or any Part thereof to be laid, put, placed or deposited in the said weighing Room, or shall not forthwith lay, put and place (he faipe or ^ny fart thereof in the said weighing Room in such Manner

A.D. 1812.

796 0.139. 52 GEO. III.

Notice give* fur Driwrqg ic&ulatd.

ADotrimtfor

Tui u i Scale.

Scone Bottles

dar^e^ with Ehitv as loonbaked.

ONI rutting Officers*

[Penalty.]

Scene Bottles re-weighed and Makers OmU not remove them from Weighing Room for Six Hoars.

ner anti Form as is hereinbefore m that Behalf directed aid required, or if such Maker or Makers shall not proceed to weigh, end weigh the Whole and every Part of such lad mentioned Stone Bottles as hereinbefore in that Behalf directed and required, every such Maker and Makers so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottks flail neglect or refuse to begin to draw or take his, her or their Stone Bottles from er out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven immedi. ately at the time mentioned in such Notice, or within One Hour after that time, such Notice shall be void, and such Maker or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer: Provided always, that no Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall be at Liberty to give any such Notice to draw or take any Stone Bot-ties from or out of any Kiln, Stove or Oven to him, her or them belonging, except in the Day time, and that between the Honrs of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, and that every Notice given for the drawing or taking any such Stone Bottles from or oat of any Kiln, Stove or Oven at any Hour or Time other than in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, shall and the same is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the weighing as aforesaid of any such Stone Bottles the Turn of the Scale shall be given in Favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed to such Maker and Makers One Pound Weight upon each and every One hundred Pounds of such Stone Bottks so weighed.

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That all Stone Bottles chargeable with the said Duties by this Act imposed, or any of them, shall be from time to time weighed, taken an Account of, and Charged with the said Duties by the proper Officer of Excise when and lo soon as the same shall be baked or burned; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or his, her or their Workmen or Servants, or other Person or Persons, shall moled, hinder or obstrad any Officer of Excise in weighing or taking an Account of such Stone Bottles, he, she or they mail, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles, whose Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure shall have been weighed by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall, for the full Space of Six Hours after the same shall have been so weighed, keep and continue such Stone Bottks in the said weighing Room, and in the same State and Position in which the same were left by the surveying Officer unless the same shall hare been sooner reweighed by the respective Surveyors or Surpenrifors of Excise, to the End that the said Surveyors or Supervisors respectively may have an Opportunity to weigh or reweigh the same; and chi said respective Surveyors or Supervisors are hereby authorised and empowered to weigh or reweigh all such Stone Bottles, and if spoil the Re weighing thereof any additional Weight shall be difeoreted or found, such additional Weight of Stone Bottles shall be chargeable and charged with the respective Duties by this Act imposed for such Stone Bottles respectively; and if any such Maker 01 Makers shall flegledPor refuse lo to keep or continue any such Stone Bottles which

(LIII

797

52 GEO. III. C139*

shall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall remove or convey, or cauie or procure or suffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of such weighing Room as aforesaid, any Stone Bottles before the End or Expiration of Six Hours next after the same shall have been so weighed as aforesaid by the proper Officer of Excise, unless the same shall have been sooner reweighed by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers,

Makers of Stone Bottles shall, and so often as he, she or they shall m

be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excise under We*, D* whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, or by the respective Surveyor or Surveyors, or Supervisor or Supervisors of Excise, with a

proper and sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, aid and assist to the utmost of hit, her or their Power such Officer or Officers, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or Supervisor or Supervisors in weighing and taking an Account, or in reweighing and taking an Account of all Stone Bottles of such Maker or Makers, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal the Sum of One penally, hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers Maker* remote of Stone Bottles shall convey away Stone Bottle or Stone Bottles ing Bottles from not exceeding Two Quarts Measure from any Kiln, Stove or Oven Kil '*, &c. be-before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the same, or fore wel6hcd* shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Stone Bottles to such

Officer that he may weigh the same according to the Directions of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently deposit, hide or conceal any such Stone Bottle or Stone Bottles with Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this Act imposed, all and every such Maker or Makers or other Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Stone Bottles Makers of Stone'Bottles shall from time to time and at all times keep

all Stone Bottles in his, her or their Custody or Possession, and which kept ^P*1*1*0

shall not have been weighed by the Officer of Excise according to

the Directions of this Act, separate and apart from all Stone Bottles

which shall have been weighed by such Officer or Officers* upon Pain

of forfeiting for every Such Offence the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Maker*to make

Makers of Stone Bottles shall once in every Six Weeks make a true Entry*1Six Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof of Slone

such Stone Bottles shall be made or manufactured of all the Stone m^ufcaured. Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure by him, her or them

made or manufactured within such Six Weeks respectively, and such Entries shall contain the true Numbers and Sorts or Kinds of the said Stone Bottles, with the reputed Measures of each particular Sort,

Kind or Denomination of such Stone Bottles, with the aggregate Weight of the total Number of such Stone Bottles of each such Sort*

Kind or Denomination by such Maker or Makers so made of manfr* factured within such Six Weeks, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect to make such Entry the Sum of One hundred Ponrnds 5 Penalty.

which

A.D. 1812.

Proviso,

Maker* to c1e*r off Duties within Six Weeks after time of Entry.

[Penalty.]

Officers may uke Samples of Stone Bottles.

Penalty Stone Bottles concealed forfeited with Package, See.

[Penalty.]

Suspected Places torched.

C. 139* 52 GEO. III.

which Entry shall be verified upon Oath by the Maker or Makers by or for whom such Stone Bottles respectively shall 1 we been made or manufactured, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Servant employed in making or manufacturing the same: Provided always aever-theless, that no such Maker or Makers shall be obliged to go further than the Market Town next to the Place where such Stone Bottles respectively shall be made for the making of any such Entry as aforesaid; which Oath* shall and may be administered by the propeT Collector, Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise without any Fee or Charge for administering the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker sod

Makers of Stone Bottles shall from time to time within Six Weeks after he, she or they shall make or ought to have made such Entry of such Stone Bottles respectively by him, her or them made or manufactured as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties of xdk for all such Stone Bottles by or for him, her or them respectively made or manufactured, upon Pain of forfeiting Double the Amount of such Duties.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That^it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Offio < t^excise, and all such Office* are hereby authorised and empowenJto take at any time or tones a Sample or Samples of any Stone Dottles or other Eanhca Ware, either baked or unbaked, or burnt or unburnt, at any time in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, paying for the same, if demanded, the Value or wholesale Price thereof; and in case any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his, her or their tendering such Price for the same (if demanded) such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each sod every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Stone Bottles shall be deposited, hid or conceakd in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this Act imposed, all such Stone Bottles shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same respectively, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excite, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the better to enable fuph Officer or Officers to discover such Stone Bottles so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have Cause to suspect that any such Stone Bottles shall be so deposited, hid or concealed in any Place Or Places whatsoever, then and in every such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty where such Place or Places shall be in any Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Division or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be deposited, hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respec-

7 tire/y,

5 2" GEO. III. C. 139. 799

tively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonaWe, by special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every such Place and Places where he or they shall so suspect such Stone Bottles to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Stone Bottles which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited, together with the Packages containing tin; same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers Maker* making of Stone Bottles shall for the making, manufacturing, hardening, u, le of concealed drying, baking, burning, laying or keeping of any Stone Bottles,

make use of any private or concealed Cone, Kiln, Stove or Oven, or any private or concealed Vat, Cittern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Utensil or Place whatsoever, other than his, her or their known Cone or Cones, Kiln or Kilns, Stove or Stoves, Oven or Ovens, Vat or Vats, Cittern or Citterns, Mill or Mills, Lathe or Lathes, Trundle or Trundles, or other Machine or Machines, Implement or Implements, Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils, or Place or Places entered for that Purpose, all and every such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Bottle made of Stone Bottle* Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay, the Mouth or Orifice described. of which shall not exceed in Diameter the Diameter of the Neck

thereof by more than One Quarter of an Inch, and which shall not exceed Two Quarts in Measure, and.no other, shall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of Drawback al-any Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and ira- !^onExpo, ^f ported into Great Britain, for and in respect whereof the Duties by

this Act imposed shall have been paid, to any Port or Place beyond

the Seas, except the Islands of Faro and Ferrof under and subject to

the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions for or in respect of the Exportation of Glass, in order to obtain the Drawback, so far

as the same can or may be applied thereto, contained, provided,

settled or established in and by an Act made in the Twenty sixth 26 G. 3. c. 77.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

among other things u for the Amendment of several Laws relating

c' to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of

Excise, " there shall be paid and allowed an Excise Drawback of Two Shillings and Six pence for every Hundred Weight, and so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity of such Stone Bottles; and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions shall be used, applied and put in Execution for and in respect of any such Stone Bottles, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and singular the said Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions and Provisions had been repeated in the Body of this Act, and been thereby re-enacted for and in respect of and made applicable to the Exportation of such Stone Bottles, in order to obtain the Drawback by this Act granted or allowed, save and except that in lieu and instead of the Oath required b)| the said Act, Oath, that the Exports believes the Duties on the Materials have been fully

oooo e

8oo

A.D. 1812.

Stone Bottles and Materials answerable for Duties*

Makers not to att as Justices in Execution of Att.

OHft ruling Gt&ceis.

[Penalty.]

Offering Bribes to Otfkers.-

C. 139. 52 GEO. III.

paid, the Exporter shall make Oath that he believes that the Duties by this Act imposed had been fully paid for or in respect of such Bottles so to be exported.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Stone bottles and all the Materials and Implements and Utensils for the making thereof in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or of any Person or Persons to the Use of or in Trod for any such Maker or Makers, shall be liable and subject to and the lame respectively are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Stone Bottles made or manura&ured, in Arrear and owing by such Maker or Makers for any Stone Bottles made by him, her or them, or in his, her or their House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or other Place, and shall also be subject and liable to satisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers or other Person or Persons using such Hode, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or other Place, for any Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such Debts, Duties and Penalties on such Stone Bottles, Materials and Utensils, or any of them, and to use such Proceedings as may be lawfully done in relation to Stone Bottles, in case the Debtors or Offenders were the tine and lawful Owners of the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, being a Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or who is or shall be in any wise interested or concerned in the Trade or Bofi-ness of making, manufacturing or dealing in Stone Bottles, shall, during such time as he or they shall be so interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of making, manufacturing or dealing in Staae Bottles, act as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall in any wise concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Act; and if any Person or Persons (kali, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, presume to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or do any Ad hereby authorised to be done by any Justkfe or Justices of the Peace, all such Acts so executed or done by such Person or Persons shall he utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Stone Bottles, or any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials aforesaid, or any Vat, Cidem, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil aforesaid, as forfeited by virtue of this Act, rescue or cause to be rescued any such Stone bottles, or any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials aforesaid, or any Vat, Cidern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever (hfll give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excise, ia order to cor-

9 nipt,

S2 GEO. III. C. 139. 801

nipt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, or to neglect or omit to do or perform any Act or Acts,

Thing or Things whatsoever belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Duties by this Act imposed, or not to discover the same, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence (whether such Offer or Proposal be accepted or not) forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Pemlty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who perjury.

shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any case in which

an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be filed for, recovered, levied I*1*

or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Daw or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them* who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising Money paid into by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of raising Exchequer, and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be

paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called the Consolidated Fund.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Separate Ac-Commissioners of His Majesty's Treafmy now or for the time being, ount 01 Dut7 or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Cl'u

time being, shall, for the Period of Ten Years From the Commencement of this Act, cause a separate and diflind Account of the Duty of Excise granted by this Act to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of 42 G. 3. c. 7a the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing other Forms of Accounts now in uses and the Monies arising from the said Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers of Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters 12 Car. 2. c. 24* and Things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon Hit

Majesty,

8o?

A.D. 1812.

Commencement vt Att.

Wine, Sec. exported to the Isle of Man by Persons having Licence in British-buik Ship* of not left than 50 Tons.

Regulations ob-, served in Exportation.

[Proviso.]

C. 139, 140. 52 GEO. III.

Majesty, in lieu thereof, \ or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise arc provided or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby imposed of any of them, shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, and for preventing, deteding and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-euaded in this present

Ad.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Firil Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

CAP. CXL.

An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Articles to the Isle of Man from Great Britain.

[22d July 1812.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force, certain Quantitie1 4 W of Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Rum, Tea, Coffee or Tobacco,

are allowed to be exported from Great Britain, by Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs, and imported into the Port of

Douglass in the JJle of Many on Payment of the Duties due on such Importation: And whereas it is expedient to permit any such Goods to be so exported in Vessels not of less Burthen than Fifty

Tons, and also to permit any such Goods to be shipped directly

from the Warehouse in which they may have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation into Great Britain being first paid Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export from Great Britain to the Port of Douglass in the Isle of Man, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and riot of leis Burthen than Fifty Tons, any Quantity of Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Rum, Tea, Coffee or Tobacco, which any such Person or Persons may be authorised so to export by virtue of any Licence or Licences granted by the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by former Acts or this Act; any Law, Cullom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That any such Goods intended to be exported to the said Port of Douglass by virtue of any such Licence, shall and may be takeu out of any Warehouse or Warehouse* wherein the same may have been lodged or secured, for the Purpose of being so exported as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Customs or Excise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 140, 141* $$

Act cORtained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit the

Exportation from Great Britain or the Importation into the Isle of

Man of any greater Quantity of any of the said Articles in any

One Ye^r than are now allowed by Law, or to permit any such

Goods to be exported from Great Britain, or imported into the Isle

of Man, in any other Package than such as are now directed and re*

quired by Law; and that on the Exportation of any such Goods

from Great Britain, and on the Importation of the same respectively

into the Isle of Mans pursuant to this Act, all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in

any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to such Goods Former Acts.

respectively so exported or imported, and to the Payment, Recovery

and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto,

and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties

and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts or Laws in force in

relation to the Isle of Man shall, so far as they are not hereby altered

or varied, and in respect of which no other Provision is made by this

Ad, be and are hereby declared to be in full force, and to extend

to this Act, and shall be con (trued therewith and as Part thereof, so

far as the same respectively apply, as fully as if the same were particularly repeated and re-en&ded in the Body of this Act.

CAP. CXLI.

\n Afc to regulate the Manner of licensing Boats by the Commissioners of the Customs, and the delivering up of Licences in Cases of Loss or Capture of Vessels licensed; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Customs to purchase certain Boats at a Valuation.

[22d July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reigq g G. 1. c. 18.

of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the D inger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and tq subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, tq such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Pro? dudion are subject; it was, amongst other things, enacted, that if  j. any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, rowing or made or built to rQW with more than Four Oars (not belonging to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or not being a Long Boat,

Darge or Pinnace, belonging to or ufeil in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Vessel) shall be found upon the Water, or in any Place within the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or Essex, or in the River of Thames, either above or belo>y London Bridge, or within the Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich or Ipswich, without a Licence as therein directed, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace,

Sarge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, should be forfeited, and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person using or rowing the same, should also forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Pounds: And whereas by another Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more cjfe dually preventing the pernicious 19 G. 3. c. 69, P radices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have fen guilty of Offences again d the Laws of the Customs and 52 Geo. III. 3 F ' Excise,

A.D. 1812.

S04

C. 141.

51 GEO. III.

S3.

Ij.

47 o. 3. Scir. a. 6. i3- 4. 7*

Boats, &c. of certain Defcrtp-lion, found within Limits mentioned, mile Is Owners have obtained licence, forfeited.

Excise, ubon the Terms therein mentioned, the said in Part recited A and the several Clauses, Penalties and Forfeiture* and Restrictioni therein contained (not altered by that Act) were extended to all Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges or Galleys whatever, rowing or made or built to row with more than Six Oars, which shall he found either upon the Land or Water, within any Harbour, Port or Place whatever, in any other Part of Great Britain, or wkfca Two Leagues of the Coast thereof; but it was nevertheWiprovided, that nothing therein contained should extend or be coo* (trued to extend to Boats commonly called 'Tory BcaU (used is the towing Ships or Vessels) belonging to liceufed Pilots withk the Port and Jurisdiction of the City of Bristol: And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Rcigiof His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more ejedwal Prh vifon for the Prevention of Smuggling, Boats belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof Oie Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, being rowed with, or conllructed to row with more than Six Oars, (cictpt Boats employed in the Whale Fisheries, or belonging to MeTcbat Ships or Vessels exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred and fro Tons, or Life Boats, or Boats employed fulely in Rivers or Inlad Navigations) found within the Limits of any Port in the Ubftc Kingdom, or in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or e&> where on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any w the Coasts of Great Britain, are subjeef to Forfeiture, with all her Furniture, Tackle and Apparel, unless such Boats are ikedrd by the Commissioners of His Majesty's CuAoms in England or Seuleu respectively, to use more than Six Oars: And whereas it is exp dient, in order to check and suppress the illegal and noxious TW-actions carried on upon the Coails of Great Britain by Row Boars, further to require the Owner or Owners of Boats in Great Bniay rowing with more than Four Oars, to take out Licences in corn cases, for using or navigating such Boats, from the said Cobb floners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, as tbtai may be, and to provide that no Licences for Boats rowing with J more than Six Oars shall in future be granted, except as hemi mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moll ExcrOfli Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the L.ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament abet* bled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Boat, Whem; Pinnace, Barge or Galley, being rowed with, or made, or built cr con (traded to row with more than Four Oars, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, shall, from 3rd after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred id twelve, be found within the Limits of any Port of Great Britm, ot in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhnt in t High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of Gr: Britain, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits a Distance, the Owner or Owners of which shall not hart obtained 1 Licence for using or navigating such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in 1* land or Scotland, as the case may be, or from the Lords Cofcro sioners of the Admiralty, prior to the paflbg of the before natd

M

D. 1812.

5a0 GEO. III. C. 141. So 5

l of the Forty Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; ry such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with her Tackle Furniture, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any icer of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise: vided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, To what Boatii >e construed to extend, to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or &c. not to Hey* belonging to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or extend, the Service of Government, or in the Employment of the Cuf-is or Excise, or to any Long Boat, Yawl, Pinnace or other Boat >nging to any square-rigged Ship or Vessel employed in the Mer-nts Service, or to any other Merchant Ship or Vessel exceeding Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, not otherwise requiring licence for the Use thereof, or to any Boat employed in the Whale beries, or to any Life Boat or any Tow Boat used in the towing ps or Vessels belonging to licensed Pilots within the Port and ifdiction of the City of Bristol, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace,

ge or Galley employed solely in Rivers or Inland Navigation.

I. And be it further enacted, That each and every Licence which Licences granted f be granted by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs by Commis-

iupland or Scotland for any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Gal- Goners of Cuf-

rowing with Six Oars or otherwise, requiring Licence, from and

t the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and C0BUln*

be, shall contain the proper Description thereof, the Name or

roes of the Owner or Owners, together with his or their Place or

cesof Abode, and in what manner intended to be employed, toge-

r with any other Particulars which may be required by the said

mmissioners respectively, to be described and inserted in such man-

as the said Commissioners may respectively think proper to require

direct; and the Owner or Owners thereof shall also give Security Bond given on

Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the obtaining

lue of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, agreeably L, concw

the Directions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the

ign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Pro- 460.3.^x37.

ton of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty,

permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to

t Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the

id dtrested to be given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Tear of the

gn of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels

f Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, on Failure whereof

Licence shall be void and of no Force or Effect; and such Boat,

lerry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall be liable to Seizure and

rfecution in the same manner as if no such Licence had been

nted for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall, from and Licences not r the passing of this Act, be granted by the Commissioners of His Prantedfor jetty's Customs in England or Scotland, for any Boat whatever

ie, built or constructed to row with more than Six Oars; and if thxn'sixOari. such Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Penalty.

>jeda, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects ft is Majesty, shall be found within the Limits of any Port in Great 'tain9 or in any Part of the British or Irfh Channels, or elsewhere the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the ifts of Great Britain or Ireland, such Boat not having been licensed nous to the passing of this Act shall be forfeited, and shall and may

3 F a

0

C. 141.

A.D. t&n.

to6

AlWance to Officers on nuking Seizures.

Wha; Tow and other Boats not effected.

Licence delivered \tv or accounted for after licented Boat loft, &c.

O^th.

IVn.dty.

Hovv Licences delivered U'>, or

5*

Geo. in.

be seized by any Officer of the Army, Navy or Mimes, or of the Custoras or Excise; and every such Officer and Officers may and he and they 10 and are hereby authorised and required to anti and detain every Person being a Seaman or Sea-faring Man found on board any such Boat (not being a Passenger on board) and to convey him to any Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Service, or to the Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty's Impress Service; and any Person being such Seaman or Sea-faring Man may thereupon, if fit and able to ierve His Majesty, be imprefied into His Majesty's Nani Service, and shall continue to serve therein for the Period and under the Regulations mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty; and h shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland relpedmly to direct the Officer or Officers, by whom the Persons 0 found oa board any such Boat shall have been detained, to be paid any San not less than Five Pounds, and not exceeding Twenty Pound*, (or each Man so detained and impressed into His Majesty's Service: Provided that nothing hereinbefore contained, as to Boats rowing with more than Six Oars, shall extend or be con ft rued to extend to ay Boat or Boats commonly called Tow Boats, used in the towing Sfcp and Vessels belonging to licensed Pilots within the Port and Jure-diction of the City qF Bristol, or to any Boats employed in the Set* vice of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to any Boat employed in the Service of the Cel-toms or Excise, or belonging to His Majesty, or to any of the Rojd Family, or to any Life Boat, or any Boat used foleiy in Rivers or I. land Navigation, or to any squane-rigged Ship or Vessel employed a the Merchants Service, or to any other Merchants Ship or Vefiei tt* ceeding the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to make further Provfca fcr compelling the Owners and also the Matters of certain Bcenkd*Ships, Vessels and Boats loft, broken up, captured, bum, seized and condemned, (old, or other wise disposed of, to deliver up tk Licenses which shall have been granted for the same, whim

' shorter time than at present provided Be it therefore cuacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of jtugnjl One thoaW eight hundred and twelve, whenever any licensed Boat of any Ik-feription whatever, (not belonging to any Ship or Vessel, andbchg under the Burthen of Fifteen Tons} shall be loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed the Licence which shall have been granted for the same shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which tab Boat shall belong, within Six Weeks from the time such Boat shall be so loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed of s or in case of the said Licence being led or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof thereof on Oath shall be within the same Period made before the Collector or Controller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby authorised and rajHwed to administer; and in case such Licence shall not be produced and so delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within such Period as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Boat ihati forfeit and kk the Sum of Thirty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, when*

ever

A.D. 18iL 52 GEO. III. C.J4I., 8of

ever any licensed Ship or Vessel exceeding Fifteen Tons Burthen shall accounted for, if be loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and condemned, fold, or loft, otherwise disposed of, the Licence which shall have been granted for the same shall, in case the Ship or Vessel was licensed for the Coasting or Fishing Trade only, be delivered np to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Period of Two Months from the time such Ship or Vessel shall be so disposed of; or in case the Ship or Vessel was licensed for trading to Parts beyond the Seas, then the said Licence shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Period of One Calendar Month from the time when the loss, burning, capturing, breaking up, seizing or condemning of such Ship or Vessel, shall come to the Knowledge of the Owner thereof j or in case the Licence shall have been loft, or taken by the Enemy, 'satisfactory Proof thereof on Oath shall Oath, be made within the same Periods respectively, before the Collector and Controller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer 5 and in case the Licence shall not be produced, and so delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within the said Periods respectively, the Owner or Owners, and also the Master of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, if of the Burthen of Fifteen Tons and under the Penalty. Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, and One hundred Pounds, if of the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Ton9 or upwards: Provided always, that all Licences required under any of the Provisions of this Act shall be granted without any Stamp, Fee or Reward, or Stamp Duty, Sec. any Payment whatever by the Person requiring the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Making use of

of this Act, if the Owner or Owners, or Master of any licensed Licence impro-Ship, Vessel or Boat, loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and pedy irv3rc*<\^-condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed of, shall, prior to or after^4

such Disposal of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, knowingly make use of Sei

the Licence granted for the same, in order to protect from Seizure and Prosecution any other Ship, Vessel or Boat 5 or if the Owner or Owners, or Master of any Ship, Vessel or Boat whatever, licensed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland,

shall make use of such Licence for any other Ship, Vessel or Boat, than that for which the same was granted, such Owner or Owners, and also the Master knowing thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hun- Penalty, dred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Boats with more of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His t.han Six ar*> Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorised, whenever it may appear expedient so to do, to pUrchafedby

purchase any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, rowing or Commissioners

made or built to row with more than Six Oars, which may have been of Customs,

licensed previous to the passing of this Act 5 and the Owner and Owners of every such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley shall,

and he and they is and are hereby required to sell and dispose of his

or their Interest therein to the said Commissioners respectively, at a

fair Valuation, to be ascertained by the OatliB of Two disinterested Value of Boats

and indifferent Persons (killed in the Value of small Vessels, or Craft wfceruin*i.

of the like Description, one of such Persons to be nominated by the said Commissioners respectively, and the other by the Owner or Own-

3 F 3 ers

lot

A.D. 1812.

Boats purchased m ployed in Service of Revenue, kc.

Boats construfl -d for rowing or failing, of length of 30 Feet or upwards, tec found within certain Limits forfeited.

C.I4I. 5r GEO. nL

ers of the Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley intended to be purchased; and in case of Disagreement as to the Value, the Persons so nominated shall call in a Third disinterested and indifferent Person; such Two Persons and such Third Person to be paid any Sum which may be reasonable by the Owner of such Boat or other Vessd, and by the said Commissioners, in equal Moieties, and the Detenraatem as to the Value of any Two fuen Persons, or of such Third Person so called in, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties; tad after Payment being made to the Owner or Owners of the Samis mfeertained to be the Value of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, the Property shall vest in His Majesty; and the Owner or Owners shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deli- 1 ver such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley to any Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed to receive the same by the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners respectively; or in ode of Refusal on the Part of such Owner or Owners, to receive the Amount of the Purchase Money, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley shall and may be seized and.taken Possession of by any futh Officer as the Property of His Majesty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Cosumf-sioners respectively shall have obtained Possession of any such Bon, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, they are hereby authorised ad required to use and employ the same in the Service of the Reveaue, or cause the same to be broken up, and the Materials fold, according as in their Judgment it may appear to be the most conducive to the public Service.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty

rft Day of Avgujl One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in case any open Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board art Subjects of His Majesty, and being of the Length of Thirty Feet and upwards, built or constructed for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proposition of One Foot for every Two Inches of the Width or Breadth of such Boat, to be measured by a straight Line from the Forepart of the Stem to the act Side of the Transum or Stem Poll aloft, shall, from and after the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or in any Part of the British or /rjfc Channels, or on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, such Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, unless such Boat, being a clinch-built Boat, shall have Plank of not less than Half an indi thick, and Timbers of the following Di mentions; that is to say, for every Boat exceyding the Length of Thirty Feet and being under the Length of Thirty five Feet, Timbers of not less than One Inch and a Quarter square; for every Boat of the Length of Thirty five Feet and under the Length of Forty Feet, Timbers of not left than Oqe Inch and Three Eighths of an Inch squar? 1 for every Boat of the Length of Forty Feet and being under the Length of Forty fire Feet, Timbers of not less than One Inch and a Half square; for every of the Length of Forty five Feet and being under the

Length of Fifty Feet, Timbers of not lffs than One Inch and Three

8 Quarters

3.1812..52 GEO. III. C. 141, 142.

liters square 5 and for every Boat of the Length of Fifty Feet upwards, Timbers of not less than Two Inches square, such ibers respectively not being more than Ten Inches apart: Provided, nothing hereinbefore contained as to Boats of the Length of rty Feet and upwards shall extend or be construed to extend to ts belonging to Ships or Vessels exceeding the Burthen of One dredand Fifty Tons, provided such Boats are licepfed by the said nmissioners respectively, nor to Life Boats, nor to Boats employed he Whale Fisheries, nor to the Boats belonging to any square-; ed Ship or Vessel employed in the Merchants' Service, or to any ?r Merchant Ship or Vessel exceeding the Burthen of One hun- and fifty Tons, or used folelyin Rivers or Inland Navigation, or iloyed in the Service of Government, or to extend to any Boat ch may have been licensed by the Lord High Admiral of Great lain, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, prior to an Act ed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present elly, intituled An Act to mate more effectual Provision for the Preion of Smuggling, or by the ComipiQioners of the Customs in Eng-f or Scotland prior to the passing of this Act: Provided always,

; nothing hereinbefore enacted or required respecting the Length, 1th or rlank or Timbers of Boats, shall extend or be construed extend to affect Boats belonging to Ships or Vessels returning ti the First Voyage to Foreign Parts, upon which First Voyage r shall have left Great Britain before or withip Fourteen Days rthe passing of this Act, provided the Owners or Matters of such ps or Vessels shall duly take out a Licence from the said Com-loners of Customs for each such Boat, within One Calendar Dth after the returning into Port of each such Ship or Vessel from 1 First Voyage.

[. And be it further euaded. That all Boats seized under any of Provisions of this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatever hi* Act mentioned, may and shall be managed, kept, detained, .'ceded against, sued for, prosecuted, condemned, distributed, re-jred and applied in England or Scotland respectively, according to Laws now m force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of CustomsGreat Britain, in so far as the same are or can be made applicable, are uot by this Act altered qr varied.

CAP. CXLII.

Ad to permit die Removal of Goods from one Bonding

Varehouse to another, in the same Port.

[22d July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the V Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for per-tfting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to he fee urea in orebouse, without Payment of Duty, no Goods, Wares or Mer-iandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Ware* >ufe8, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of that Ad, e to be delivered from or taken out of any such Warehouse or hce, but upon Condition that such Goods, Wares or Merchants shall either be exported to Foreign Parts, or be used or con-red in Great Britain; and it is expedient, under certain Regulars, to permit Qoodg so lodged or otherwise securtd to be re- 3 F 4. ' moved

top

But not to extend to certain Boats mentioned.

47 0.3. Sefi: a. c. 66.

Penalties, Arc. how sued for.

43 3-3*

f9-

A.D. 1812.

4.t G. J. c. 13a. i 33-

rtriufh Flint*. tion Rum imported in Calk of 60 Gallons or upwards ware, housed.

Officers allowed to take Samples 1 Spiiics.

Penal'.).

15 G. 1. c.

C. 142. 52 GEO. III.

or oat of any such Warehouse, to be shipped as Stores to be spent and consumed on board any Ship or Vessel in ady Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, shall be freed and discharged from all the Duties of Excue; and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, and all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures coo-tained, provided, settled or established in or by the said Acts of any of them, for or in respect of any such Rum shipped or to be shipped as Stores, shall be used, applied and put in Execution for and in re-(ped of all such Rum and Spirits so delivered from or out of any such Warehouse as last aforesaid, as Stores to be spent and consumed as last aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, for and in respect of such Rum and Spirits as last aforesaid.

III. And whereas by the said Act made in the Forty third Year aforesaid it is enacted, that no Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva,

4 Spirits or Aqua Vita shall be warehoused before Payment of the Duties, unless the same shall be imported in Casks of One hundred Gallons at the lead: And whereas by the Laws now in force, Rum of the Growth or Produce of the British Sugar Plantations may be imported into Great Britain in any Calk of Sixty Galions; and it is therefore expedient to allow of the same being warehoused in the same manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua Vita imported in Casks of One hundred Galions, are by the said Acts allowed to be warehoused; Be it therefore enacted, That any Rum of the Growth or Produce of the British Sugar Plantations imported iuto Great Britain iu any Calk of Sixty Gallons or up. wards, shall be allowed to be warehoused in the same manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua Vita is or are by the said Act allowed to be warehoused.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, before the Delivery of Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits for Exportation, or of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be shipped as Stores as aforesaid from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, and at any time afterwards, to take as many Samples as he or they shall think fit, (neither of such Samples exceeding Half a Pint) out of each of the Casks or Packages containing such Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, paying for such Samples (if demanded) at and after the Rate of Three Shillings per Galion; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers of Ex, cife in taking any such Sample or Samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid (if demanded) the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for each and every such Offence, fe* verally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. And whereas since the Expiration of the said Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforesaid, several Quantities of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, imported into th^ Kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said Sugar Plantations^ hare upon Entry thereof forthwith and before Payment of any of the Duties of Excise been landed, carried and put into such Wanft houses as are mentioned in the said laR mentioned Act, and have also been delivered from and out of the said Warehouse* without

Go

A.D. 1812.

Si GEO. III. C. 142.'813

Payment of the Duties of Excise, some thereof for Exportation, and some thereof to be shipped as Stores, to be fpcnt and consumed on board Ships and Vessels according to the Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions and Provisions, in the several Acts in that Behalf respectively in force during the Continuance of the said Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforesaid; and it is proper that the Commissioners and Officers of Excise should be indemnified for and in respect of such Landings, Warehousings and Deliveries respectively Be it therefore enacted, That all such Landings, Commissionert, Warehousings and Deliveries respectively shall be deemed and taken indemnified

have been and to be legally made as if the said Act made in the

ifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforesaid, and the several other A As n<fed and t

epending thereon, had remained and continued in force at the time in Warehouse

f such Landings, Warehousings and Deliveries; and the Commis- and delivered

oners and Officers of Excise in England and Scotland respectively from fj, me witj

jncerned in any such Landing, Warehousing or Delivery respec-

vely, shall be and they respectively are hereby fully indemnified; u

nd that it shall and may be lawful to deliver all Rum and Spirits of

le Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Sugar Planta-

ons in America, now remaining in any such Warehouse as last afore-

lid, from and out of such Warehouse for Exportation or Stores,

wording to the last mentioned Rules, Regulations, Restrictions

id Provisions, and the same respectively, together with all Fines,

enalties and Forfeitures for any Breach or Disobedience thereof re-

xAively, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for and in

: speA of all such Deliveries as last aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Rum or Spfriu

remove any Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manu- removed to Porn ufture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, imported into

le Kingdom of Great Britain direAly from the said Sugar Planta- pur|X>pe of Exons, and which hath or have been so landed and carried and put Portation, ka. ito such Warehouse as last aforesaid from any such Warehouse, ther by Sea or Inland Navigation, to any other Port of Great Bri-\in where Foreign Spirits are by Law allowed to be secured in Warehouse under the Regulations of the said Acts of the Forty lird and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or ther of them, for the Purpose of being exported from such Port, nder and subject to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, save id except so far as the same are not altered by this Act, or not 'pugnant to any of the Regulations or Restrictions in this A A mtained, or hereby prescribed, settled or established, for and in re->eA of the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, subject any Duty of Excise) mentioned in another A A, made in the

iftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 50 G. j, c. 64* rmit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port Great Britain where first warehoused, to any other warehousing ort> for the Purpose of Exportation, for and in respect of the Goods,

/ares and Merchandize, by the said last mentioned A A authored and allowed to be removed in manner therein mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Jm- Openin? Ware-ortcr of Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits lodged and put houses except ia ito any Warehouse or Warehousea under the Direction and Au- Faience lority of the said Acts, or any of them, shall by any means, Art, fficer'

)evice or Contrivance whatever, open any such Warehouse or Ware-

houses,

C. 142.

A.D. 1812.

Penalty. Previous to Removal Bond entered into.

50 G. 3.C. 64-

Certificate.

On Arrival of

Goods at Port intended, Entry made thereof with proper Officer of Eacile, fee

52 Geo. in.

houses, except in the Presence of the proper Warehouse Keeper, or Other Officer of the Customs or Excise, then and in every such case every such Importer or Proprietor shall forfeit and iofe for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That previous to the Renwul of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which are or shall be subject to any Duty or Duties of Excise under or by virtue of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Goods* Wares and Merchandize from the Port in Great Britain wherefirfi warehoused, to any other warehousing Port, for the Rurbofe of Exportation, for the Par-pose in that Act mentioned, or unaer or by virtue of this Act, for either of the Purposes herein mentioned, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any such Goods, Wanes or Merchandize, shall, with One sufficient Surety, enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Hein aid Successors, in Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with Condition that the same and every Part thereof shall be duly delivered, without Alteration or Diminution, into the Custody and Possession of the proper Officer of Excise, at the Port or Place in Great Britain to which the same are intended to be removed, and to be named and expressed in such Condition, and to produce a Orti-ficate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of Excise it such Port or Place, that the said Goods, Wares or Merchanditt had been so delivered into his Custody and Possession, and that such Certificate shall, within Three Months from the Date of such Bond, be produced to the Commissionere of Excise in England, if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are removed from the Port of London, or to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, if removed from Leith, and to the principal Officer of Excise of such Port, if such Removal takes place from any other Port of Great Britain

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize at the Port to which the same are 16 intended to be conveyed, due Entry shall be made thereof with the

Collector, Supervisoror other proper Officer of Excise, specifying the Weight, Quantity and Species of % fee Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, the Date of Importation, the Ship or Vessel in which the same were imported, and by what Person or Persons the same were entered inwards, and also the Port from whence removed, the Place to which the same are intended to be exported, and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same are to be exported; and the Exporter or Ex* porters shall, together with the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or VefM m which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and one other sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector, 6upervisor or other proper Officer of Excise at the Port of Exportation, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and $c-ccflors, in Treble the Value of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandise, for the due Exportation thereof; and for producing to the Commissioners of Excise in England, if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are exported from the Port of London, or the CownriU honors of Excite in Scotland, if exported from Leith, and to the Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise of such Port from which such Goods, Wares or Merchandise are to be exported,

a Certi-

C. 140.

iS

a Certificate of the landing. thereof, at the Port or Place for which the same are entered to be exported, specifying, certifying and containing the feveml Matters and Things prescribed and required in and by the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's G.3, & i % % Reign for and in respect of the Certificate therein mentioned, and to produce such Certificate to the Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise, within such time as in or by the said laii mentioned Act is limited or prescribed, for the bringing or Production of the Certificate as therein mentioned, as the case may require.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after the Arrival of such not shipped Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to any Duty of Excise at any G^s^lln00* such other Warehousing Port, the Proprietor thereof shall not have warehoused naan Opportunity of shipping the same for Exportation, it shall not be der Regulations, lawful to lodge or deposit the Articles in any Warehouse approved

under the Regulations of the said Acts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, unless over and besides the Entry and Bond required by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, an Entry be also made for that Purpose with the Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise, and Bond be also given to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Proprietor or his Agent, and one sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, as the case may require, or such Collector, Su-penrifor or other proper Officer of Excise in Double the Amount of the full Duties of Excise due or payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize with Condition that the said Goods,

Wares and Merchandize shall either be duly exported, or that the full Duties of Excise due or payable on the Importation thereof shall be paid to the proper Collector within such Period of time as was allowed for that Purpose, at the Port where the same were firffc entered and warehoused; and if the Proprietor shall fail or neglect to make such Entiy, and give such Security, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, as the case may require, to cause all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall not be shipped for Exportation, to be sold and disposed of in the same manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize are directed to be disposed of by the Commissioners of the Customs by the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and on every such Sale by them the said Commissioners of Excite, they the said lait mentioned Commissioners shall apply the Produce thereof in the same manner and to the same Uses and Purposes as is by the said lafi mentioned Act prescribed and directed in the Sale of Goods, by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Customs, under or by virtue of the said last; mentioned Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all such Bonds as are by this Bonds taken in Act authorised or required shall be taken in His Majesty's Name and His Majesty* to His Majesty's Use, by the Coimirissioners of ExciR* in England Name*

and Scotland respectively, as the case may require, or the proper Officer or Officers of Excise appointed or employed for that Purpose: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore continued shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to require any Bond to be given to the Excise, for or in respect of the Removal of Coffee or Cocoa Nus; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1812.

43 G. 3-c. 13a.

*33-

% 0.3. i.iao.

Coffee imported in Package* not lcfs than loolb. warehoused.

Penalties how levied.

Commencement

of Act.

Offences against Revenue Laws.

C. 142, 143. 520 Geo. in.

XII. And whereas by the said Act made in the Forty third

Year aforesaid, no Coffee or Cocoa Nuts can be warehoused inmannner in the said Act mentioned, unless the same shall be contained in Casks, Bags, Boxes or other Packages, of at least One hundred and twelve Pounds net Weight each: And whereas by another Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other things, for reducing the Excise Duties on Cosses imported into Great Britain, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawfal to import into and export from Great Britain any Coffee in Pack-9 ages containing not lets than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois; and it is therefore exj>edient to allow of the same being warehoused; Be it therefore enacted, That any Coffee imported into Great Britain in Packages containing not lef9 than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois shall be allowed to be warehoused in the same manner that Coffee contained in Casks, Bags, Boxes or other Packages, of at least One hundred and twelve Pounds net Weight each, is by the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid allowed to be warehoused-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, rlaiut or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin*

Jtery or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Ad, the Prori-fions contained in any Laws now in force imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in Breach of or in Re-fiftance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain.

[23d July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, that the Provisions contained in any Laws now in force, for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, whereby the Penalty of Death is imposed for any Act done in Breach of or in Resistance to the said Laws, or any of them, should be anrended and reduced into one Ad; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autlio-rity of the same, That in all cases where any Ad to be done or committed after the passing of this Act, in Breach of or in Resistance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, would by the Laws now in force subject the Offender to suffer Death, as guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by virtue of the said Laws, or any of them, such Ad, fa to be done or

committed.

Sij

5r GEO. III. C. 143.

committed, shall be deemed and taken to be Felony with Benefit of Clergy and p uni (liable only as such, unless the same shall also be declared to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy by this Act.

II. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid Offences of Per-

That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post Boy or

Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever employed by or l*e^0ftO under the Post Office of Great Britain, in receiving, (tamping, foiling, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets,

or in any other Business relating to the said Office, shall, after the passing of this Act, secrete, embezzle or destroy any Letter or Packet, or Bag or Mail of Letters with which he or she shall have been entrusted in consequence of such Employment, or which shall in any other manner have come to his or ner Hands or Possession, whilst so employed, containing the whole or any Part or Parts of any Bank Note, Bank Post Bui, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill,

South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant, either of the Bank,

South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Navy or Victualling or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture,

Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Gold-smith's or Banker's Letter of Credit, or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draft, Bill or Pro-mifforv Note whatsoever for the Payment of Money; or shall fteai and take out of any Letter or Packet with which he or she shall have been so entrusted or which shall have so come to his or her Hands or Possession, the Whole or any Part or Parts of any such Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant, either of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society or Corporation,

Navy or Victualling or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment of any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith's or Banker's Letter of Credit or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill or Promissory Note whatsoever for the Payment of Money; every Person so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall niffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. Death.

III. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority offence? egainst aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, post Office, deal and take from any Carriage, or from the Possession of any Person employed to convey Letters sent by the Post of Great Britain,

or from or out of any Post Office or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets, or Bags or Mails of Letters sent or to be sent by such Post, any Letter or racket, or Bag or Mail of Letters sent or to be sent by such Post, or shall fteai and take any Letter or Packet out of any such Bag or Mail, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall he adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Beuelit of Clergy; Death,

and

s i a

A.D. 181l.

Offences of Per-1'i'iis affiAing others employed In the Post Office.

Death.

Forging against A lie nation Office.

Death.

Forcing CYrtifi-c.ites lor Redemption or Sale ot Land Tax.

C. 143. 52 GEO. III.

and such Offence shall and may be enquired of, tried and determined either in the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Party shall or may be apprehended.

IV. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, counsel, command, hire, persuade, procure, aid or abet any such Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Poll Boy or Rider, or any Officer or Person whatsoever employed by or under the said Office, in receiving, damping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the said Office, to commit any of the Offences hereinbefore mentioned, or Hiall, with a fraudulent Intention, buy or receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of any such Security or Instrument as hereinbefore described, which shall have been contained in, and which, at the time of buying or receiving thereof, hp or Ihe shall know to have been contained in any such Letter or Packet so fecneted, embezzled, stolen or taken by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post Boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person so enu ployed as aforesaid, or which such Person so buying or receiving as aforesaid shall at the time of buying or receiving thereof know to have been contained in and ilolen and taken out of any Letter or Packet ilolen and taken from or out of any Mail or Bag of Letter* sent and conveyed by such Post, or from or out of any Post Office or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets, or Bags or Mails of Letters sent or to be sent by such Post; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, (hsS be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall Tusser Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy, and shall and may be tried, convicted and attainted of such Felony, as well before as after the Trial or Conviction of the principal Felon, and whether the said principal Felon shall have been apprehended or Hull be amenable to Justice or not.

V. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this A#, make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, forged or counterfeited, the Mark or Hand of the Receiver of the Prelines at the Alienation Office, upon any Writ of Covenant, whereby such Receiver or any other Person shall or may be defrauded, or fuller any Loss thereby 5 every Person so offending, and being thereof con-visted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fnali suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act oraffift in the foiling, counterfeiting or altering any Contract, Argument, Certificate, Receipt or attested Copy of any Certificate made out or purporting to be made out by any Person or Persons authorised to make out tie same by auy Act of Parliament touching the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, or of any Part thereof 5 or if any Person Dull wilfully utter any such forged, counterfeited or altered Contract, Alignment, Certificate, Receipt or attested Copy of Certificate, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies

Politic

A.D. 1812.

S2 GEO. III. C. 143. 819

Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons; every Person so (Fending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of relony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy. Death.

VII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority Forging Stamps foresaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, on Paper, Ice. orge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counter-

eited, any Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate, which in pursuance of any or Acts of Parliament shall have been provided, made or used iy or under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed to manage he Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or by or nder the Direction of any other Person or Persons legally autho* ized in that Behalf, for expressing or denoting any Duty or Duties, r any Part thereof, which shall be under the Care and Management f the said Commissioners, or for denoting or tetlifying the Payment f any such Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, or for denoting any )evice appointed by the said Commissioners for the Ace of Spades,

3 be used with any playing Cards; or shall forge or counterfeit, or ause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, the Impression, or any Lefemblance of the Impression, of any such Mark, Stamp, Die or late as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Card, Ivory, rold or Silver Plate, or other Material, or shall damp or mark, or iufe or procure to be damped or marked, any Vellum, Parchment,

'aper, Card, Ivory, Gold or Silver Plate, or other Material, with ny such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate as afore-ud, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of ay of the Duties, or any Part of the Duties under the Care and lanagement of the said Commissioners; or if any Person shall utter r fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Card, Ivory,

}old or Silver Plate, or other Material having thereupon the Im-ression of any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp, Die or 'late, or any such forged or counterfeited Impression as aforesaid, nowing the same respectively to be forged or counterfeited 5 or if ay Person shall privately or secretly use any such Mark, Stamp, lie or Plate, which shall have been so provided, made or used by or ader such Direction as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, is Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties, or any Part of the Dues under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners;

'cry Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be ad-dged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Dath. enefit of Clergy.

VIII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority gorging Stamp*'bresaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, on Wrought anfpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transpoied or removed, Plate of Gold or om one Piece of Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver" to another, or Silm, &c.

) any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, any Impression made with any lark, Stamp or Die, provided, made or used by or under the Direc-on of the said Commissioners of Stamps, or by or under the Direction f any other Person or Persons legally authorised in that Behalf, for tooting any Duty or Duties, or the Payment of any Duty or Duties, ranted to His Majesty on Gold or Silver Plate; or shall stamp or lark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked, any Vessel or Pare of base Metal with any Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have ten forged or counterfeited in Imitation of, or to resemble any lark, Stamp or Die so provided, made or.used as aforesaid; or shall

ja Geo. III.

3g

fell,

A.D. tln.

830

C. 143.

51 GEO. El.

Death.

Making Frames used in making of Paper.

Death.

Forging'Debentures for Return of Money from Duties of Cuf-tems or Excise.

//ell, exchafra or, expose to S*le, orexportout of Greo*fefrw, mj Wrought -Pkte: of Xiold or Silver, or any Vessel or tf Ut Metals having thereupon the Impression of any forged or msoferfafeed \Mjtfk, Stat*p or Die, for denoting any such Doty or Ditn>flr die rPayment of any such' Duty or Duties/oranyforged or cotttsidttd 'flinpression'of any Mark, Stamper Die so provided, madt or fid a /aforesaid, or any Impression of any such Mark* Stamp or Die, stick rshall have been transpoCed or removed from any other Piece of Bar ^a aforesaid, knowing the same respectively to be forged or oato-jfeitedj.for. transposed or remoTed as aforesaid; or (iukU wOfoDr wt without lawful rvExcufe (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Mm <accused) have or be possessrd of any such forged orcoostaW Mark, Sump or: X)ie, for denoting any such Dutr or Dudes, orlk Payment thereof 5, every Person so offending, and being the reafem.(fitted, shall be adjured.gnihy of Felony, and shall tusser Dad* aFelon without Benefit, of Clergy.

IX. And be it fiuther<enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tht, if any Person (not being lawfully appointed or authorised so toil]

shallmtke, or canfe or procure to be made, or shall knowiairiyil or assist in the*nakuig, or without being so appointed oraiunal.-ns. aforesaid, shall imawrogly hare in his, her or their Caftotyt; Ppflhffion, without lawfull Excuse (the Proof whereof shall be so fit v Person.accused)^any Fraase^Modd or Ioftrnment, for the.mti| of Paper, with the Words ' Excise Office' visible in the SoM* ^of such Paper, or shall, make or cause or procure to be made, or bw iagiy-aid or a&ft in the making any Paper, in the fiaMaff rdfuwhich the Words Excise Office' shall be visible; orifwpfc 'Ion (except, asbefare excepted) shall by any Art, MyfterycrOfr, t ri vance, cajjfeor procure the said Words*Excise Office, ' to lfftt.visible in the Syhflance of any Paper whatever; or if any Pert* irbeing Io appointed or authorised as aforesaid) shall engrave, oftrflt j or mike, or shall cause or procure to be engraven, call, cut ormfc my Mack,. Stamp or Device, in Imitation^oior to rdcmble aajdfm 'Stamp or Device; made, or used by the Directkraof the Com of Excise in England or Scotland, or the major - Part of Jpettively, for the Purpose of printing, damping or maduaf^set tPaper to be used as or for a.Permit or Permits to accanmyJJ iexcifeable Commodit y, or Commodities removing or removed trams* JPart of Great Britain, to any other Part thereof, kvpurhuncejf^ Directions of any of the several Statutes requiring Inch JMtt every Person so offending, and being thereof convatted, fluflhiei

judged guilty of Felony, and shall Differ Death as a ...>nm0

Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further declared and enacted by thejAnthariftydip &id, That if any Person shall, with Intent to defraud Hil kfijfe falsely make*; forge* counterfeit or alter, or canfe or preesju ip falsely. made, tforged, counterfeited or altered, or willinglydSkm

falsely snaking, forging, counterfeiting or altering jany -

any Certificate for the Payment or Return of any Money, of any such Debenture or Certificate, or any Signatures any case in which such Debenture or Certificate is by any Jkft of Parliament relating to the Duties of Customs or Exdfei or directed to be given or granted; or shall witfnlly, with tent>a* aforesaid) utter, public or make ttfe of any such Ddto*1

L.p.1^12.

J GEO. pt.

G. 1434 821

Certificate, pr Part thereof, so bring wholly pr in Part falsely alc* forgea, counterfeited or altered; every Person so offending, id being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, D, d shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. ei

XI. be it further declared and enacted by the Authority Assisting with1 Dresaid, That if any Persons, to the Number of Three or more, Arm* in illegal med with fire Arms or othqr offensive Weapons* shall hereafter wSoT^r thin Great Britain, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour Good*, or in of-Creek thereof, or within the Isle of Man, or within the Limits poling Revenue any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, be assembled in order to be baw*, &c. ling and assisting in the illegal Exportation of Wool or other Goods aJribited to be exported; or in the carrying of Wool or otl^er such >ods in order to such Exportation; or in the illegal running, lancl-

I or carrying away prohibited or uncudomed Goods, or Goods ble to pay any Duties whiph shall not have been paid or secured; in the illegal ^landing of any Goods whatsoever, which shall have zn shipped or exported upon debenture or Certificate, or from any aretyute wherein such Wool or other Goods shall have been de-sited under airy Act of Parliament for the securing the Home Con-nptjou Duties thereon; or in rescuing or taking away any such 00I or other Goods as aforesaid after Seizure, from any Officer or ficers of the Custopris or Excise or other Officer or Officers autho-ed to seize the same, or other Person or Persons employed by him them, or assisting him or them, or from the Place Where the fan>e

II h*e been lodged by him or them; or in refcuipg any Person lo shall have been apprehended for any of the Offences, made Felony any Ad relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise of Grept iiain, or in preventing the apprehending any Person who shall have fri guilty of any such Offence; or in case any Persons, to the Num-

dr Three or more, so armed as aforesaid, shall hereafter fwithin tat Britain, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek jreof, or within the Isle of Man, or within the Limits of any Port, trbour or Creek thereof, be so aiding or assisting; or if any Person nmalkiously fhpot at or upon any Snip, Vessel or Boat belonging His Majesty's Nay,> or the Service of the Customs or Excrij*,

; hin tbp Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek of Great Britain, within the Isle of Man, or within ^he Limits of any Port, Harbour Creek thereof, or in any Port of the British or Irish Channels, pr the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of Great itdin of Ireland; or if any Person shall, either on Shore or on the atfcr, within the Limits hu aforesaid, maliciously (hoot at, maim or yjerously wound, any (Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, ivy, ^Marines, Milica or Volunteers, or any other His Majesty's litary or Naval Foroes, or of the Customs or Excise, or any other rfori or Prisons aiding or assisting any such Offiqer or Officers when ing in the due Execution of his or their Duty under any of the wers. Authorities or Provisions 6f any Ad relating to the Revets of Customs or Excise of Great Britain, or of any Act for the Pre-mon oT Smuggling; evqry Person so offending, and every Person flag, abetting or amfting the rein, shall, being thereof convicted, be judgetl guilty of felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon^ without Death, oent orfclergy; and every such Offence which shall be committed offences in

C. 143. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

shall be enquired of, tried and determined, in the said Wands respectively; and every such Offence committed elsewhere out of the United Kingdom may and shall be enquired of, tried and determined in any County of the United Kingdom; and every such Offence ccwnmtted within England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, may and shall he enquired of, tried and determined within such Part of the said United Kingdom in which such Offence shall have been respectively committed, but in any County or Shire of such Part of the said United Kingdom, in such Manner and Form as if the Offence had been committed in the County or Shire in which the same shall be enquired of,

tried and determined.

CifesofSooting

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai -, wounding, &c.^any Person shall be charged by Information on Oath before aay Justice of the Peace, or other Person competent to take such ii formation in any Part of the United Kingdom, with being guilty of so assembling, aiding or aiCfsing, or of so maliciously (hooting, maiming or wounding as aforesaid, within the Limits hereinbefore respectively specified, in any case wherein any such Officer as aforesaid, oraar Person aiding or assisting any such Officer in the Execution of hs$ Duty as aforesaid, shall have been kilied, such Information shall be forthwith certified by the Justice or other Person taking the same tn> der his Hand and Seal, to one of His Majesty's Principal Secretana of State, who shall forthwith lay the same before His Majesty in Ha Privy Council; and His Majesty may thereupon, if he shall so think fit, by His Order in Council, require and command the Person so charged with such Offence, that he do, within the Space of Sixty.Days, or such longer time as to His Majesty shall seem lit, after the Publication of such Order in the London Gazette, fumnder himself to the Lord Chief Justice, or any other Justice of the King's Bench, or to any Justice of the Peace, or other Peifoa competent to take such Surrender as in such Order shall be specified; and may further order and require such Order to be proclaimed by the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall hare been committed, if committed within any County of the United Kingdom, and if not committed within any such County, then by the Sheriff of any County near to the Place wherein the Offence iy have been committed; and the Clerks of His Majesty's Privy Council shall cause such Order to be forthwith printed and published in the r' London Gazette, and such Publication to be repeated once in every Week after.such First Publication, until the Expiration of the hid Sixty Days, or such other time as shall be appointed by such Order for the Surrender of such Offender, and shall also cause a Copy of such Order, attested by the Signature of One of the said Clerks, to be tmf-mitted to the Sheriff of the County specified in such Order, who shall, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Copy, cause the same to be proclaimed between the Hours of Ten in the Morninv and Two in the Afternoon, in the respective Market Places, upon the respective Market Days of Two Market Towns, in the same County, m there shall be Two such Towns; and if there shall be only One such Town, then in such Town, and in some other Place of general Resort within such County, and shall also cause a true Copy of such Copy of such Order to be affixed upon some public Place in each of such Market Towns or other Place where such Proclamation M be made; and if the Person charged with such Offence as afoit&d

M

A.D. 1812

92$

52 GEO. III. C. 143, 144.

tall surrender himself according to such Order, the Justice or other 'crfon te whom he shall so surrender shall commit him to some Gaol r Prison within the Limits of his Jurisdiction, to be there dealt with wording to Law 5 but if such Person so charged and proclaimed as roresaid, shall not so surrender himself within the time limited in such >rder, or shall after Surrender and before Trial for such Offence escape om Justice, such Person shall, from the Day appointed for such Sur-uder, be adjudged to be a Person attainted of Felony, and shall suffer )eath as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy, if the Offence shall be Death barged to have been committed in England, or within the Limits of ly Port, Harbour or Creek in England or Ireland, or within One ondred Leagues of the Coast thereof 5 and it shall be lawful for the !ourt of King's Bench, or the Justices of Oyer or General Gaol )elivery, or Great Sessions for the County or Place where such Offen-er shall he, to award Execution against such Offender, in such man-er as if he had been convicted and attainted in the said Court of wing's Bench, or before such Justices of Oyer and Term\nery or Ge-era! Gaol Delivery or Great Sessions respectively; and if the Offence tall be charged to have been committed in Scotland, or within any Scotland, 'ort or Harbour or Creek thereof, or within One hundred Leagues f the Coasts thereof, such Offender shall in the like case be adjudged, eemed and taken to be convicted of a Capital Crime, and shall suffer he Pain of Death, and Confiscation of Moveables, as in the case of a Won found guilty of a Capital Crime and under Sentence for the ime; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Judiciary, or the Lords f Justiciary in their Circuits in Scotland, to award Execution against uch Offender, in such manner as if he had been found guilty and ondemned in the said Courts of Justiciary or Circuit Courts respectively.

CAP. CXLIV.

in Act to suspend and finally vacate the Seats of Members of the House of Commons, who shall become Bankrupts, and who shall not pay their Debts in full within a limited Time.

[23d July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is highly necessary, for the Preservation of the Dignity and Independence of Parliament, that Members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, who become Bankrupts, and do not pay their Debts in full, shall not retain their Seats 5* Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by md with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by he Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this whenever a Commission of Bankruptcy shall issue and be awarded igainst any Person being a Member of the House of Commons, and le shall be found and declared a Bankrupt under the same, such Mem-per shall be and shall remain during Twelve Calendar Months from he time of the issuing thereof, utterly incapable of fitting and vot-nginthe said House of Commons, unless within the said Period such Commission shall be superseded, or unless within the same Period the Creditors of such Member of the House of Commons proving their Debts under the Commission of Bankruptcy shall be paid or satisfied U> the full Amount of their Debts, under the said Commission

3G 3 Provided

Seati of Mem-bets to be

vacated in ce-tain cales of Bankruptcy.

8^4 C.I44* 52* Ci6. fll.

Speaker to issue Writ for Election of another Member.

Provisix

Provisions of 94 G.3. Sess. 1. C. 26. extended to Act.

Provided always, that such of the Debts, if any, as shall be disputed'by such Bankrupt, if he shall, within the time aforesaid, enter into a tiond or Bonds, in such Sum or Sums, with Two sufficient Sureties' to be approved by the Commissioners under the said Commit of Bankruptcy, or the major Part of them, to pay such Sum or unuof Money as shall be recovered in any Action, Suit or other Proceeding in Law or Equity, concerning such Debt or Debts, together with such Coils as shall be given in the same, shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act as paid or satisfied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commission shall not within Twelve Calendar Months from the issuing thereof be superseded, nor the Debts satisfied in manner aforesaid, then the Commissioners, or the major Part of them namerj in such Commission, shall and they are hereby required, immediately after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the ifcting of the said Commission, to certify the same, as the case may be, to the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, and thereupon the Election of such Member shall be and is hereby declared to be void; and it shall and may be lawful for trie; Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being, during any Rccefs of the fad House, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby required forthwith after receiving such fcertificate, to cause Notice thereof to be inserted in Tie London Ga % etuy and upon the Expiratioa of Fourteen Days after the Day of inferring such Notice in the Gax4tte % to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Qrowo, to makje out a new Writ for electing another Member in the Room of such rfem* her who shall have so vacated his Seat: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant for the Purposes aforesaid, unlc{s fads Certificate shall have been delivered to him so long before the then next Meeting of the House of Commons for the Dispatch of Business, as that the Writ for the Election may be issued rafofethe Day of such next Meeting of the Hoofe of Commons.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Powers contained in an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing so much of Two former Acts as authorised the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown fuf making* out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament in the manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Proyifidni for the like Purposes, so far as such Powers enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to nominate and appoint other Personfc being Adembers of the House of Commons, to iuue Warrants for the making out of new Writs during the Vacancy of the Office of Sneaker, or during his Absence out of the Realm, shall be and they are oeircSj f made to be in force for the Purpose of enabling him to make the E|e Nomination and Appointment for issuing Warrants up4er the Eke Circum (lances and Conditions, for the Election of Member! of ftr-t Uament in the Room of such whole Seats ftaD become yadnt wer the Provisions of this tyEt,

A.D. 1812. 52GED* III;

C. 145. 825

CAP. CXLV.

A Act explain the Exemption from Toll in ftverat; AH of Parliament, for Carriages employed1 in Huftandfry; and foi regulating the 3 Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and o* Horses, in certain other Cales therein specified.

WHEREAS an Exemption from' Toll bfcs; by sevenri1 A&4 for repairing' Turnpike Roads* been granted* in- refye# of Cattle or Carnages carrying or drawing; any Dtingt Manure or Compod for manuring the Land, or Fodder for* Cattle1: And whereas in some of the said Acts' there it nb exprest- PKjvision made for any Exemption from the Payment of ToB for and' in respcbfc of atiy Carriage, or the' Cattle drawing the same, going empty for fuchi Lacting, or returning empty; haring been so-ladhi;

and, by reason of such O million, Toll baa in some-cafeybeerr lately demanded, and received, in refoedt of Carriages1 going eilipty fbf [ such Lacting; and in other cases* Disputes have arifrn concerning*the same: And whereas the excluding from such Exemption-the?

1 case of Carriages going eihpty for such Lacting; or returning empty*

1 having been so laden, must operate to the Discouragement of Agni r culture; and check* the due Improvement of Land, and in many cases defeat the Benefit intended by the Exemption Thilrof*Carriages carrying Dung, Manure or Compost, or Fodder for*Cattles And whereas by a Clause in an A^ passed in the Thirteenth*Year of His present MajestyY Reign, intituled AkAB to cxfdabt,

amend amt reduce irttb out A8' of Parliament the general Lattn no*ds9in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in tka? Part of Great Britain1 called England; and for other r, it ir enacted

that the Regulations of Weight thereinbefore mentioned, should not be deemed or confrrued to extend to any* Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or carrying only*Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Com unthrdhed': And whereas great Inconvenience will result to Persons employed id Hnffiaudry, if the said Exemption, in respect of Wa'ggonw, Carts or other Carriages laden with Manure, and the Cattle drawing the same, fhtmld be prevented from taking place; by reason only of any empty Baiket or Baffeets, empty Sack or Sacks, being in or upon any such Waggon, Cart or Carriage, if the Loading thereof is fublhuithftty Manure, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Com unthreshed: And whereas great Uncertainty has prevailed, as to the Tolls claimed on Carriages or Horses, liable to separate Tolls,

when affixed, tied or secured to some Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and much Inconvenience has arisen therefrom x' Mhy it thevafoir please Your Majesty that it may be enacted*; and' be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tive Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, hi this piefeit Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day Exemption from of September in the Year of our Lord! One thousand eight hundred Toll extended in and twsfee; m every case m which under any Act of Parliament for certain case*

wffiijgt wtaring wad enlarging, repairing any Turnpike Road, these iw a B

30 4

Or otherwise

S ifi

Tolls on tmpty Carriages to be irft paid, and afterwards returned.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonmem*

Appal

t, 0.3. e. <4. 8*

826 C. 145. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

in respect of any Horse, Mule, Ass, Oxen, Waggon, Cut or other Carriage, carrying or drawing any Dung, Mould, Soil, Mai!, Lime or Compost, of any Nature or Kind soever, for manurinf or iav.

Jiroving the Land, or Hay, Straw or any other Fodder fa Cattle uch Exemption shall be deemed to extend, in respect of even inch Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and also in respect to the Castle drawing the same, going empty, or loaded only with Implements Necessary for more convenient Carnage, or loading or unloading rich Lacting, or returning empty, or with such Implements as aforesaid, having been so laden, notwithstanding the said Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall for the Purposes aforesaid go to or return fron any Parish or Place in which the said Turnpike Road does not he.

Ik Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, for the we* venting of Frauds on Toll Collectors, by Carts or Waggons ptfiag empty, or loaded only with Implements necessary for the more coo-venient Carriage of9 or for loading or unloading Manure, tbrongh Turnpike Gates, under Pretence of going for such Manure, U* Owner or Driver of every empty Waggon, Cart or Carriage, daraing the Exemptions hereby extended, any or either of them, dull ia all cases pay the Toll in respect of such Waggon, Cart or Carriage, before the same shall be permitted to pass through such Ton* pike Gate, and that the Collector of such Toff shall thereupon deliver to such Owner or Driver a Ticket, to be marked 'Mmcre*Exemption, ' with the Name of the Gate and the Date when delivered, and the Amount of the Toll so paid; ad which Sum wd Sums so paid shall be repaid to the Owner or Driver of fu<h Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, upon his or their returning on the fear Day with such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage so laden as afar, said, and producing such Ticket 5 and every Collector of such To3 refusing or neglecting to return the same upon the Return of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and Production of such Ticket as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Owner of futh Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, a Penalty of not Iris this Ten Shillings or more than Forty Shillings, upon Conviction there-of before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire or Place where such Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnifs or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to adai-nifter); and if the same shall not be paid upon such Conviction, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Shire or Place, for any time not exceeding One Month.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person (bill think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done by any Juiice Of Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this A d, then and is such case such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace to be held for the Limits wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, such Appellaut giving such Notice, and entering into such or the&e Recognizance as by the said recited Act passed in the Thirtrerth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is ia that cafo dine&ed, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be Had and taken as in the said recited Act are directed, in respect of Appeals under the Authority of that Ad, in such and the same manner as if such Powers ad Re* gulaUoot were herein repeated and re-enadfcdt

I*'IV. Aa<

D. 181a.

52 GEO. III.

C145.

*27

IV. And whereas many Persons may, at the time of passing of: his Act, he Farmers or Contractors for the Tolls arising or payable >n Turnpike Roads, and whole Contracts will not expire until after: he Twenty ninth Day of September next For Remedy whereof, d for Protection of such Lessees or Contractors, be it further acted, That in case any Lefiee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, Con- Trusteestor#-ictor or Contractors, for any Tolls payable to any Trustees or Com- lear Letters lfi ners appointed by virtue of any Act of Parliament for making, m pairing or amending Turnpike Roads, whose Contract will not ex- Michaelmas re until after Michaelmas next, shall, by reason of this Act, be de- next. ous of being discharged from his, her or their Contract or Con-ids, and of such his, her or their Desire shall, within Fourteen ays from the passing of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the reasurer or Clerk of any such Trustees, Forty Days at the least fore the said Twenty ninth Day of September next, then and in ery such case all such Farm< rs, LefTeea or Contractors shall, from d after the Twenty ninth Day of September next, be released and scharged from their respective Contracts, and all and every such ontracts shall, from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of Septem rnext, cease and be null and void as to the Residue of the Term Time for which such Tolls are or were farmed or taken, or con-acted or agreed to be farmed or taken 5 any thing in such Leafea id Agreements to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any such Lessee Lessees, 8ec. ef Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, Contractor or Contractors for Tolls, Tol, *all give such Notice of determining his, her or their Contract as ^Trustesfc freinbefore mentioned, then and in every such case it shall be lawful &c. to relet

>r such Trustees or Commissioners, if they think fit, forthwith to Tollr. rnfe the said Tolls to be relet on a Day and at a Place to be by lem appointed, of which One Month's Notice at least shall be given,

} by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of lis present Majesty is directed, and thereupon to proceed to relet be same, and to relet the same for the b> ft Price they may then be nabledto obtain for the same, without being compelled to put up ie said Tolls at the Sum at which they were Taft let, or to have any ther Meeting for the letting thereof; any thing in the said recited L& to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Regulations of Weight R^gulailontcf \ the before mentioned Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign j.*",

f His present Majesty shall not be deemed or construed to extend not to extend a any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with 'Manure for to Manure, and*passing through any Turnpike Gate, so as to subject the Owner Waggon*, &c. r Driver thereof to the Payment of Toll in respect of Over-weight, j y reason of any empty Basket or Baskets, empty Sack or Sacks Bafkeu^Sad^ r Tubs, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel or Fork, ecessary for loading or unloading such Manure, being in or upon ny such Waggon, Cart or Carriage, in addition to such Manure, if be Loading thereof is substantially Manure for Land as aforesaid

rovided that the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriages, Waggons,

*artsor other Carriages, are of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches >rmo e, and that such Waggon, together with the Loading thereof, hall not exceed Three Tons in the Summer, and Two Tons Ten modred Weight in the Winter; and to every Cart having the Fellies if the Wheels of left Breadth than Six Inches, Two Tons in Winter,

A.D. 1811.

f20 C145, 146.' 5 a4 GEO. III.

arid Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in Sommer; sod tint it Hall be deemed Summer frbiri the First Day of May to the TWtj firs Day of 0 Bober* both Days inclusive, and Winter from the First Daj of November until the Thirtieth Day of April* both Day* indu&rt; any thing' in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of Hii present Majest y, or any other Act contained to the contrary thereof notaith* standing.

VII. And whereas Coaches, Chariots, Chaises, Chairs, Cam asd ' ether Carriages, sometimes pass through Turnpike Gates, affixed,

tied or secured to Waggons or Carts; and Horses are sometimei salt

under the Charge of the Drivers of such Waggons and Carts, afed ' are fattened thereto, and it is expedient to determine what ToQs 4 such Coaches, Chariots, Chaises, Chairs, Carta and other Carnages and (Horfas, ought to pay on passing through such Gates; Bek

Refutation as t therefore enacted, That where any Coach, Chariot, Chaise or any ther Carriage whatsoever with Four Wheels, shall pass through asr Ic. affia^to* Turnpike Gate, affixed, tied or secured to any Waggon or Cart, it (hi Waggon*, ar. he liable to the same Toll, and no more, as if it had paised through or Saddle Horses the said Turnpike Gate drawn by Two Horses 3 and in case ay Cent by Driven Chair, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, with Two Wheels oak, of Waggons. shall pass through any Turnpike Gate, so affixed, tied or factored to any Waggon or Cart as aforesaid, it shall be liable to the fatneTofi, and no more, as the same would have been if passing through the hid Gate drawn by One Horse only; and where' any Horse shall be fattened to but not used in drawing any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, such Horse shall not be liable to a higher ToD than t single Horse; provided that if any Coach, Chanot, Chaise, Char, Cart or other Carriage, so affixed, tied or secured to atiy Wajrtfob or Cart, shall have any Goods conveyed therein, other thatt the Hatsdi thereof, and such Articles of Package as may be necefikry for the Protection of such Carriages, the lame shall be liable to Double the Toll hereby impofad.

---

[Public Act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act for the better regulating and preserving Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, in England.

[28th July 1812.]

Whereas the amending the Manner and Form of keeping and of preserving Registers of Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials of His Majesty's Subjects in the several Parishes and Places in England, will greatly facilitate the Proof of Pedigrees of Persons claiming to be entitled to Real or Personal Estates, and be otherwise of great public Benefit and Advantage; be it therefore enacted by the King's Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Officiating Ministers to keep Registers of Public and Private Baptisms of]

---

That, from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, Registers of Public and Private Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials, solemnized according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, within all Parishes or

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 146.

Chapelries in England, whether subject to the Ordinary or Peculiar, tlier Jurisdiction, shall be made and kept by the Rector. Vicari ate or Officiating Minister of every Parish, (or of any Cndpetzy re the Ceremonies of Baptism, Marriage and Burial hive beets ally a nd may according to Law be performed) for the time beings fcdoks of Parchment, or of good and durable Paper, to be provided* His Majesty's Printer as Occasion may require, at the Expence of respective rarifties or ChapelrieS; whereon shall be printed, upon h Side of every Leaf, the Heads of Information herein required to entered in the Registers of Baptisixis*. Marriages and Burials re-dtively, and every such Entry shall be numbered progressively from 1 Beginning to the End of each Book, the First Entry to be'dfffin* ished by Number One; and every such Entry shall be divided frorri: Entry next following by a printed Line, according to the Form# itainea in the Schedules'(A.) (B.) (C.) hereto annexed; and ny Page of every such Book shall be numbered with progressive imbers, the first Page being marked with the Number 1. in the iddle of the upper Part' of such Page, and every subsequent Page ing marked in like manner with progressive Numbers, from Ntim-t 1. to the End of the Book.

II. And for better ensuring the Regularity and Uniformity of such Register Books, be it further enacted, That a printed Copy of this Act, together with one Book so prepared as aforesaid, and adapted to the Form of the Register of Baptisms prescribed in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and also one other Book so prepared as aforesaid, and adapted to the Form prescribed for the Register of Marriages in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and also one other Book so prepared as aforesaid, and adapted to the Form prescribed for the Register of Burials in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be provided and transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Officiating Ministers of the several Parishes and Chapelries in England respectively, who are hereby required to use and apply the same in and to the Purposes of this Act; and such Books respectively shall be propositioned to the Population of the several Parishes and Chapelries, according to the last Returns of such Population made under the Authority of Parliament; and other Books of like Form and Quality shall for the like Purposes be furnished from Time to Time by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of every Parish or Chapelry, at the Expence of the said Parish or Chapelry, whenever they shall be required by the Rector, Vicar, or Curate, or Officiating Minister to provide the same; and all such Books shall be of Paper, unless required to be of Parchment by such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens respectively.

GocJVkAnd

29

id

of Barhk

Parities to provide suitable Books for that PurpoCs,

EngVWsfcrts transmit to each Parish a printed Copy of Act, and Register Books adapted to Forms prescribed.

Regiftenfn separate Register Books.

A.D. 1812.

C. 146.

52 GEO. III.

Certificate of Baptism, Icp. when performed in other Place than Parish Church, ice. according to Schedule (D) Entry of Baptism, Sec. distroguitted accordingly.

Register Book* kept in Custody of Officiating sMinister, in

Iron Chest, pro-aided at Expence of Pariflu

Annual Copie* of Reg liters made 5 and aerified by Officiating Minister.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Ceranooj of

Baptism or Burial shall he performed in any other Place than the Parish Church or Church Yard of any Parish (or the Chx^el or Chapel Yard of any Chapelry, providing its own distinct Renter!) and such Ceremony shall be performed by any Minister not bring the Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate of such Parish or Chapelry, the Minister who shall perform such Ceremony of Baptism or Burial shaft, on the same or on the next Day, transmit to the Rector, Vicar or other Minister of such Parish or Chapelry, or hia Curate, a Certificate of such Baptism or Burial in the Form contained in the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, and the Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate of such Parish or Chapelry, shall thereupon enter such Baptism or Burial according to such Certificate in the Book kept purlnaat to this Act for such Purpose; and shall add to such Entry the following Words, " According to the Certificate of the Reverend M transmitted to me on the Day of .*

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Books wherein such Entries shall respectively be made, and all Register Books heretofore in use, shall be deemed to belong to every such Parish or chapelry respectively, and shall be kept by, and remain in the power and Custody of the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Officiating minister of each respective Parish or Chapelry as aforesaid, and shall be by him safely and securely kept in a dry well-painted Iron Chest, to be provided and repaired as Occasion may require, at the expence of the Parish or Chapelry, and which said Chest containing the said Books shall be constantly kept locked in some dry, safe and secure Place within the usual Place of residence of such Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Officiating Minister (if resident, within the Parish or Chapelry) or in the Parish Church or Chapel; and the said books shall not, nor shall any of them be taken or removed from or out of the said Chest at any Time or for any cause whatever, except for the purpose of making such Entries therein as aforesaid, or for the Inspection of Persons desirous to make search therein, or to obtain Copies from or out of the same, or to be produced as Evidence in some Court of Law or Equity, or to be inspected as to the State and Condition thereof, or for some of the Purposes of this Act; and that immediately after making such respective Entries, or producing the said Books respectively for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Books shall forthwith again be safely and securely deposited in the said Chest.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of Two Months after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and at the Expiration of Two Months after the End of every subsequent Year, fair Copies of all the Entries of the several Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, which shall have been solemnized or shall have taken place within the Year preceding, (bl! be made by the Rector, Vicar, Curate or other resident or Officiating Minister, (or by the Churchwardens, Chapelwardens, Clerk or other Person duly appointed for the Purpose, under and by the Directioa of such Rector, Vicar, Curate or other resident or Officiating Minister) on Parchment, in the same Form as prescribed in the Schedules hereunto annexed (to be provided by the respective Pariflhes); and the Contents of such Copies shall be verified and signed in the Form following, by the Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister of the Parish or Chapelry to which such respective Register Book shall appertaio.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 146. Sji

I A.B. Rector [er, at the case may be"\ of the Parish of C.

[or, of the Chapelry of Z).] in the County of E. do hereby solemnly declare. That the several Writings hereto annexed, purporting to be Copies of the several Entries contained in the several Register Books of Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, of the Parish or Chapelry aforesaid, from the Day of to the

Day of are true Copies of all the several Entries in the said several Register Books respectively from the said Day of to the said Day of

and that no other Entry during such Period is contained in any of such Books respectively, are truly made according to the befl of my Knowledge and Belief. Signed A. B

Which Declaration shall be fairly written, without any Stamp, on the said Copy immediately after tile last Entry therein; and the Signature to such Declaration shall be attested by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, or One of them, of the Parish or Chapelry to which such Register Books shall belong.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Copies of the said Register Books, verified and attested as aforesaid, shall, whether such Parish or Chapelry shall be subject to the Ordinary, Peculiar, or other Jurisdiction, be transmitted by such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, after they, or One of them, shall have signed the same, by the Post, to the Registrars of each Diocese in England within which the Church or Chapel shall be situated, on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and on or before the First Day of June in every subsequent year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar of every Diocese in England shall, on or before the First day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and on or before the First Day of July in every subsequent Year, make a Report to the Bishop of such Diocese, whether the Copies of the registers of the Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials, in the several parishes and Places within such Diocese, have been sent to such Registrar, in the Manner and within the Time herein required; and in the Event of any Failure of the Transmission of the Copies of the Registers as herein required, by the Churchwardens and Chapelwardens of any Parish or Chapelry in England, the Registrar shall state the Default of the Parish or Chapelry specially in his Report to the Bishop.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Rector, Vicar or other Officiating Minister or Curate of any Parish or Chapelry shall neglect or refuse to verify and sign such Copies of such several Register Books, and such Declaration as aforesaid, so that the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall not be able to transmit the same, as required by this Act, such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall, within the Time required by this Act for the Transmission thereof, certify such Default to the Registrar of the Diocese within which such Parish or Chapelry shall be, who shall specially state the same in his Report to the Bishop of such Diocese.

X. And, for the obtaining of Returns and Registers of Baptisms Places where n* and Burials in Extra-parochial Places in Englandwhere there is no Church, fcc.'Church or Chapel, be it further enacted, That in all cases of the Memorandum Baptism of any Child, or the Burial of any Person in any Extra- delivered*parochial Place in England, according to the Rites of the Established Officiating Mi-Church, where there is no Church or Chapel, it shall be lawful for nifter of adjofj-tle Officiating Minister, within One Month after such Baptism or inS Pari

Burial,

*32

Ci4<.

GEO. ra.

A.D. 1812.

Letters, fcc. coouiaing Annual Copies dT RegHUr Books free of Pottage.

Annual Copies fRegister Book* when transmitted to Registran, kept from Damage*

Alphabetical

Lifts*

'Council oh before xft March 18x3, ttfpeHng proper Places foe Preservation of

ter Books, as

well as Original Wills in each 'Dipcefe; and frnrRemuneration of Regifi tas* Officer*.

Burial, to deliver to the Rector, Vicar.or Curate of such PutA immediately adjoining to the Place in which such Baptism orfkraishall -take place, as the Ordinary shall direct, a Memorandum of fj< Baptism or Burial, signed by such Parent of the Child baptized, pr a Memorandum of such Burial, signed by the Person employed ^ooC the same, together witlrTwo of the Persons attending the same, according as the Nature of the case may respectively require; and oej such Memorandum respectively shall contain all such Particulars at m hereinbefore required; and every such Memorandum delivered us the Rector, Vicar or Curate of any such adjoining Partfh or Chzpdry; shall be entered in the Register of his Parish, and form a Part thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Superscription upon all Letters and Packets containing the Copies of such Parish or other Registers, to be transmitted by the Post to the several Offices of the said Registrars as aforesaid, shall be indorsed and signed by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of every respective Parish and Chapelry in England, in the Form contained in Schedule (E.); and that all such Letters and Packets shall be carried and conveyed by Means of His Majesty's Post Office to, and be delivered at the Offices of the said Registrars, without Postage or other Charge being paid or payable for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often the Copies of the said Register Books of Baptisms, Marriages and Burials as aforesaid, and also the said Lists of Births, Baptisms, Marriages, or Burials as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Office of the said Registrars respectively as aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions here-in before contained for that Purpose, the said Registrars shall respectively cause all the said Books and Lists to be safely and securely deposited, kept, and preserved from Damage or Destruction by Fire or otherwise, and to be carefully arranged for the Purpose of being resorted to as Occasion may require; and the said Registrars respectively shall also cause correct alphabetical Lists to be made and kept in Books suitable to the Purpose of the Names of all Persons and Places mentioned in such Books and Lists as shall have been transmitted to the said Registrars respectively, which alphabetical Lists and Books, and also Copies of Registers and Lists so transmitted to the said Registrars as aforesaid, shall be open to public Search at all reasonable Times on Payment of the usual Fees.

XIII. And whereas in many Dioceses the Places wherein the Copies of the Parochial Registers of Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials, as well as the original Wills proved within the same respectively, are kept are insufficient for their being preserved with due Care; for which a Remedy should be applied in those Dioceses where it shall be found necessary; be it further enacted, That in order to a due Examination thereof, the Bishop, together with the Custodes Rotulorum of the several Counties within each Diocese, and the Chancellor thereof, shall before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, cause a Careful survey to be made of the several Places in which the Parochial Registers, and the Wills proved within the Diocese, are kept; and shall make a Report to His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, of the State of the same, on or before the First Day of March following, setting forth in each Case whether the Buildings are in all Respects fit and proper for the Preservation of Papers of the above Description, as well as with respect to Space as to Security from Fire, and to Protection from Damp, and if not, at what probable Expence they can be made so; and where the Instruments and Papers before mentioned are kept in Dwellinghouses or other Places, which cannot be made fit and secure for the due Preservation thereof, then and in such Case the Persons before named shall enquire and report in a like Manner at what Expence proper Buildings may be provided, and inn what Places, so as to have one Place within each Diocese for the due Preservation of all such Registers and Wills; together with their Opinion upon the most suitable Mode of remunerating the Officers employed in each Registry, for their additional Trouble and Expence in carrying the Provisions of this Act into Execution.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully insert, or cause, or permit to be inserted in any such Register Book of such Baptisms, Burials, and Marriages as aforesaid, or in any such copy of any such Register so directed to be transmitted to the Registrars as aforesaid, or in any such Lists or Declarations also directed to be transmitted to such Registrars as aforesaid, any false Entry of any Matter or Thing relating to any Baptism, Burial or Marriage, or shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure, or wilfully permit to be falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, any Part of any such Register, List, or Declaration or of any such Copy of any such Register; or shall wilfully destroy, deface, or injure, or cause, or procure, or permit to be destroyed, defaced, or injured, any such register Book, or any Part thereof; or shall knowingly and wilfully sign, or certify any Copy of any such Register, hereby required to be transmitted as aforesaid, which shall be false in any Part thereof, knowing the same to be false; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be Transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Rector, Vicar or other Officiating Minister or Curate of any Parish or Chapel, who shall discover any Error to have been committed in the Form or Substance of the Entry in the Register Book of such Baptism, Burial, or Marriage, respectively by him solemnized, shall be liable to all or any of the Penalties herein mentioned, if he shall within One Calendar Month after the Discovery of such Error, in the Presence of the Parent or Parents of the Child whose Baptism may have been entered in such Register, or of the Parties married, or in the Presence of Two Persons who shall have attended at any Burial, or in the case of the Death or Absence of the respective Parties aforesaid, then in the Presence of the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, (who shall respectively attest the same), alter and correct the Entry which shall have been found erroneous, according to the Truth of the Case, by Entry in the Margin of the Book wherein such erroneous Entry shall have been made, without any Alteration or Obliteration of the original Entry, and shall sign such Entry in the Margin, and add to such Signature the Day of the Month and Year when such Correction shall be made: Provided also, that in the fair Copy of the Registers respectively which shall be transmitted to the Registrars of the Dioceses, the said Rector, Vicar or other Officiating Minister shall certify the Alterations so made by him as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner diminish or increase the Fees heretofore payable or of Right due to any Minister for the Performance of any of the before-mentioned

9* mentioned

False Entries, or false Copies of Entries, or alter* ing, Sec. Register Book.

TcaaifwtutiQB. Persons committing accklentat Errors not affected, if duly so treked according to Truth of ode.

Fees heretofore* payable;

A.D. 1812.

Provif# for.

Copy of Regiftef Books not fab-lea to Sump Duty.

Application of Beaalticfc

Lift of extant Register Books transmitted to Registrar before ill June 1813.

Ad to extend to Churches and Chapels not Parochial

Marriage Ad,

46 G. a. c. 33.'Provisofor.

c. 14 6. 526geo. nr.

before-mentioned Duties, or to any Minister or Register, for giving copies of such Registrations, but that all due legal and accustomed Fees on such Occasions, and all Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, shall be and remain as though this Act had not been made.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Duplicate or Copy of any Register of Baptism, Marria/e or Burial, made under the Directions and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty thereon; any Ad now in force to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That One Half of the Amount of all Fines or Penalties to be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same; and the Remainder of such Fines as shall be imposed on any Churchwarden or Chapel warden shall go to the Poor of the Parish or Place for which such Churchwarden or Chapelwarden shall serve; and the Remainder of such Fines as shall be imposed on any Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate, or Registrar, shall be paid and applied to such Charitable Purposes, in the County within which the Parish or Place shall be, as shall be appointed and directed by the Bishop of the Diocese.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rector, Vicar or other Officiating Minister or Curate of any Parish or Chapelry in England, whether subject to the Ordinary, peculiar, or other Jurisdiction, shall transmit to the Registrar of the Diocese in which the Parish or Chapelry shall be situated, before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, a List of all Registers which now are in such Parish or Chapelry respectively, stating the Periods at which they respectively commence and terminate, the Periods (if any) for which they are deficient, and any Places where they are deposited.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions in this Act shall extend, so far as Circumstances will permit, to Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and Chapels of Colleges or Hospitals, and the burying Grounds belonging thereto; and to the Ministers who shall officiate in such Cathedral or Collegiate Churches, and Chapels of Colleges or Hospitals and burying Grounds respectively, and shall baptize, marry, or bury any Person or Persons although such Cathedral or Collegiate Churches, and Chapels of Colleges or Hospitals, or the burying Grounds belonging thereto, may not be parochial, or the Ministers Officiating therein may not be, as such, parochial Ministers, and there shall be no Churchwarden or Churchwardens thereof; and in all such Cases, the Books herein-before directed to be provided, shall be provided at the Expence of the Body having Right to appoint the Officiating Minister in every such Cathedral or Collegiate Churches, and Chapel of a College or Hospital; and Copies thereof shall be transmitted to the Registrar of the Diocese within such Cathedral or Collegiate Churches, and Chapel of a College or Hospital shall be, by the Officiating Minister of such Church, in like Manner as is herein directed with respect to parochial Ministers, and shall be attested by Two of the Officers of such Church, College, or Hospital, as the Copies of parochial Registers are herein directed to be attested by Churchwardens: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal any Provision contained in an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Regien of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for better preventing Clandestine Marriages.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

i.

BAPTISMS solemnized in the Parish of St. A. in the County of 3. in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

When Baptized. Child's Christian Name. Parents Name. Abode. Quality, Trade or Profession. By whom the Ceremouy was performed

Christian. Surname.

1813. ijl February No. 1. John Son of William Elizabeth m Lambeth.

3 d March No. 2. Ann Daughter of Henry Martha Fulham.

co

O

00

V

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 145.

83<J

C-ia6.

SiGzo.m.

SCHEDULE (B.)

MARRIAGES solemnized in the Parish of St. A. in the County of 5.

in the Year One-UM>ufand eight himdned and tairt 

Aof {; t}pari, h

and C. of j^J Parish

were marked in this ct'fl} by fjjf" } with C<*sent of

this Day of V' in the Year

f ReS$r)By me, I. I.)Fuer

I Citrate)

f A B

This Marriage was solemnized between us j g q In the Presence of ^7

SCHEDULE (C.)

\.....,  ... l K tmm

BURlKLS in the Parish of A. in the County of B. in the Yew 0* thousand eight hundred ai^d thirteen*

Name. Abode. 'When Buried. Age. ty the <str pnj Mfi jv rfortned

John Wilfo7\ No. I. DAt $rreet9 IVe/iminfer.13. ijl May. 62

T

SCHEDULE (D.)

dt hereby certify, that I did on the 'baptize according to the Rites of the United Ckwd Sou (or Daughter) af and

his Wife, by the Name of

To the Rt&or [or, as tht case may of

T do hereby certify, that $ui the D^y of

A B. 'f aged was bused ir.

[fetaf

the Place of Burial], and that the Ceremony of Burial was performed according the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, by me,

To the Rector [or, as the case may le] of

Day of*

England and Ireland\

svwQ-m

SCHEPW ifi.)

in

- I 11  ^iwp,

To the Regi^r of jthy D^ocefe of at

b1 Ghundiwardena (or Chapelwardens) of the Parish (of J [or fitch other Description as the case shallreqwrc\*

CAP. CLvy.

An Act for regulating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of Assessedv Taxej, to Persons in respectfc of the Number of their Children, by an A pajjTed in the Forty fijctji Year of His present Majesty; and for extending th

Limitation i^epticpied in tlje said jin Proposition to -thp Increase 9f fa*d I)utjes. *8Ui Judy 18x2.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fuuh Year of the

peign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4& to grata 46 G. 3. c.

certain Allowances out of the Duties under the Management of the f x.

Commissioners for rise Affairs of Taxes, to Ptrfpns in resptB of the If umber of their Children, certain Allowances were granted to'Per*

4 Tons having respectively more than Two ChU&teiTborn in lawfid

Wedlock and ona side maintained at their Expence, to be com-f puted on the Amount of the Duties assessed on them by virtue of t certain Aits therein recited, in case the Total Amount thereof for One Year should be under Forty Pounds: And whereas 4&

Duties panted by the Acts therein recited have been consolidated, and certain other Duties have been added thereto, by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, id-f tit u led An Act for repealing the Duties of AffeJfcdTaxes and granting ^g g. 3. c. 55, siew Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be com-folidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game*Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes

and certain other additional Duties of AfiefTed Taxes h^ve also been granted by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Sfr 5*3 4 Duties of AJejfe d Taxes; and for omfolsdating the some with the former Duties of Ajfrjfrd Taxes: whereas it is expedient to

authorize the said Allowances to be computed and grafted on the Amount of the Duties to be aftefted under the said last mentioned Acts, and the Limitation thei^of to be extended in Proposition W 4 the increased Amount as herein after mentioned; 9 Be it therefore eoa&ed by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by, and with the Allowances Advice at\d Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Teuypora), and granted by Mt Commons, ip this present Parliament afteipbled, and -by the Authority rccltd Ad com-of the same, That the Allowances granted by the Isyd recited Amount of A6i shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be computed and Dutic* charje-granted on the Amount of tl^e Duties chargeable by virtpeof theftud able by Twd last Acts of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid and of the present Session of recited Adj Parliament: Provided that the Total Amount of $1 tfhe Assessments

3 H a' on m "

S38 C*i47> 148, 149. 52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

on each Claimant for the whole Year shall in each case be under Forty five Pounds Sterling.

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Act to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the Time being, to dispose of and transfer all such Public Stocks or Funds, as now do or shall hereafter stand in his Name, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Trust for His Majesty.

WHEREAS certain Sums of Money are now Handing in an Account raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, in Trust for His Majesty; and it is necessary to sell and dispose of such Stocks or Funds, or a competent Part thereof, to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse to make such Payments as be is by Law directed to make; and Doubts are entertained whether the Keeper of the Privy Purse hath any Authority to make and execute Transfers of such Stocks or Funds, to the Person or Persons who may become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or whether the Governor and Company of the Bank of England could lawfully permit and fufifer such Transfers to be made without the Authority of Parliament for so doing: 1 Be it therefore enacted by the King* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

Keeper of Hji and by the Authority of the same, That the Keeper of His Matty's Privy p^vy Purse for the Time being be and he is hereby authorised and

1*ia finrl qo flinll in hie inti fhinlr f Sa mulrA

owered, when and as he shall in his Discretion think fit, to make

of and transfer and assign all or any Part of the Public Stocks or

Funds now Handing, or which shall or may at any time or times hereafter stand, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, 00 an Account, intituled The Account of the Keefer of His Majestft Privy Purse; and the said Governor and Company are hereby authorised and required to permit and suffer the same to be transferred and assigned accordingly, and shall be and they are hereby indemnified for so doing.

and to account

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, for Proceeds to That the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the Time being Persons autho. shall and he is hereby require} to account for the Proceeds of all rued to audit such Stocks qr Funds as shall be sold by him by virtue of or under

Aeenuntt a m m F. at m. A.

the Authority of this Act, to such Persons as are by Law authorised to receive and audit such Accounts.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the passing of this Act.

4 TT J WHEREAS by the Laws in force, the repacking of Coffee in the Warehouses, and the Separation of the damaged Part from the found, is only permitted when the Article is intended

for

[28th July 1812.]

[28th July 1812.]

C '

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 149.

*39

for Exportation, and it has been found that very great Quantities of unfound and unwholesome Coffee have been brought into Home Use, to the great Injury of the Interests of the Grower and the

Health and Comfort of the Consumer For Remedy whereof, be

it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, upon the Importation of Coffee the Growth of any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Asia, Africa or America, or upon the Importation

of Coffee condemned as Prize, it shall and may bs lawful within

Fourteen Days after the same shall have been deposited in any

Warehouses (wherein the fame may be secured according to the

Laws in force), or if the Duty is paid down upon the First Entry thereof, then before the Delivery of such Coffee, for every Importer thereof, under the Superintendence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise, to separate the damaged Coffee from the undamaged Parts thereof, in order that the undamaged and merchantable Parts may be repacked into Cades or Bags, and that the damaged Parts may be packed in Casks; and in every such case the said Importer, under the Superintendence of such Officer or Officers, shall mark or cause to be marked on every Bag or Calk containing the Coffee so separated as undamaged the Word M Sound" in black Paint in the front of each Bag or on the Head of each Calk, in Letters at least Two Inches long, and upon the Casks containing the Coffee set apart as damaged, the Words u For u Exportation and the said Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise is and are hereby empowered and directed to call in to his or their Assistance in such Selection, the proper Officer or Officers who is or are accustomed to tare and (ample Coffee in the public Warehouses and Docks on Behalf of such Importer.

II. And be it enacted, That in all public Docks and Warehouses in the United Kingdom in which Coffee is at present received and stored, or shall or may at any time hereafter be received and stored, the damaged Coffee shall be carefully selected and separated from the found Coffee, and the proper Officer or Officers in the said Docks and Warehcmfcs are hereby required and directed to make such Selc&ion and Separation accordingly: Provided always, th^t before any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise shall proceed to separate the damaged and unmerchantable Coffee, such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required upon Application in Writing of the Person or Persons in whole Name the said Coffee shall have been warehoused, to give Notice to him or them of the precise Period when it is the Intention of the said Officer or Officers to proceed tp separate the same, in order that he or they may attend or appoint some Person to attend such Separation in his or their Behalf; anjd if on such Separation it Should appear to the said Party, or his. or their Agent so to be appointed and being present upon the Occasion, that from Negligence or Ignorance of the Quality of the Coffee on the Part of the Officer or Officers, or from any other Cause, a greater or smaller Proposition thereof is selected as damaged and unfit Tor Use in this Country, than in the Judgment of such Importer, pr his, her or their Agent, Should have been so selected, that then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners

3H3 n 1 oi

Importers may under Superintendence of Officer, separate damaged Coffee- from found.

Bags or Casks when Coffee re-packed marked.

Notice given Officer of time intended for Separation of found from damaged Coffee.

On Complaint of Importer, Commissioners of Customs may order Coffee separated to be resurveyed.

4<J G.149. $a6ft)-Xn. JUfci6t2.

of the Custofrs in England and ScdVftznd r^foeftiWy, it iriy Three 6r shore of them, upon the Aft&ttSt df frf6E Imrjbtfter, or his or their Agent, and upon AppFiCJrtibti for that Pbrpbfc, so 6n!er and ffire& that the said Chffoe mail be refurVeye'd By TWb indifferent and disinterested Mdrchatfts br Brokers experienced in the Nature and Value of the Article, who upon vrewing the same flrttt certify and declare upon their dorporal OdtKi before the priricrfkl Officers of the Customs {who are hereby riuthorised to administer the fameJ thir Opinion and Determination as to the ^JStiire and Extent of the Damage femahied, which Opinion bud Determination ftaill be binding Coffoe and condaflve oh dl Parties: Provided alwista, that in every such not deWred til! ^afe the reaforiaHe Expence of the Perforrs. lo to be employed fcaH repacked for Ex- fee b6me by the Importer of Che said Coffee: Provided also, that Ciflucf not left damaged Coffee shall not be delivered out of the Warehonft

than 4001b*, trhtil the ume shall have been repacked For Exportation in Casks containing each hot less thari Four Hundred Pounds net Weight Avoirdupois, except by the special P^rmission of the ChmnhfSoner? of His Majesty's Customs arid. Excise in England and Scotland respectively, which they, or ariy Three of them, are hereby authorised to graht, bn Proof to their Satisfaction of the Expediency of permitting the same to be exported in smaller Packages, and on Security to the SatisYiftion of the said Cortnfiiffibners of the Customs being fjirft given by the Exporter at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Hundred Weight that the same shall be duly Exported.

Dair.aged Coffee

III. And be it further enacted, That in cases where tire damaged mixed with Par- parts of any particular or distinct Parcel of Coffee shall in the Whole eels of damaged^less in Qua, tjty than Four hundred Poimds net, it shall and may up0Quantiry of^lawfol for the proper Officer of the Customs and Excise, at the 4001b*. Request jof the Importer or Proprietor, upon due Notice being

given to the proper Officers of Customs and Excise, to mix the same with any other damaged Coffee belonging to him or them which may h^v6 been set apart for the Purpose of Exportation in Casks containing riot less than Four hundred Pounds as before mentioned; and in like mariner it shall be lawful for the said Officer or Officers, at the joint Request of any Two or more Importers or Proprietors, to mix any Parcels of such Coffee to them respectively belonging, Fot the Purpose of miking the Parika gris of the Weight required by this A A previous to Exportation, such Request being made in Writing by the said respective Importers or Proprietors to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customsarid Excise respectively as aforesaid.

H* Coffee rt-IV. Arid Whereas it is expedient that as far as practicable the packed. 1 Identity of the Packages in which the Coffee is imported shall

bejpreserved, > Be it therefore enacted, That upon the Separation of 4ny Coffee imported either in Casks or Bags, trie undamaged Parts shall in the First Place be put into the Packages in which the same tW?re imported, beginning with the lowest Number and following in regular numerical Order j and that it shall and maybe lawful for the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to enter and pay the Duties for and in respect of such undamaged Coffee for Home Coftfumption, and to remove the same from and out of the Wari-\fibufe notwithstanding the Quantity of such undamaged Coffee may be less in ^oantity thah Otfe hundred Pounds Weight any thitig <bitiained in any totter Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

5 V. AW

D.iSii. 5a0 (BED. IH. C.i j@.

And be it frirthft enacted, That where such Separation of the Account ukea. lamagred from the damaged Coffev shall hare been made as afore-i9 at coWeft Account shall be taken by the proper Officer or Officers the cmda*uged Coffee remaining in the original Packages, and of

QiWrrfftits of damaged Coffee packed into Casks as aforesaid j and 3fi Application m Writing to the said Officer or Officers, a Copy fah Account shall be delivered forthwith by him or theto to the fxirter or Proprietor thereof with the Mkrk, Number and Weight eTftJh Package, distingtitfiiing such Parts at are undamaged froto which have bee* set apart for Exportation,

VI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the xoG.x. c.xo Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, among other thhftgW* fir repealing attain Du tits therein mentioned payable upon Coffee 4 7e*, Cocoa Nutty Chocolate and Cocoa Pnjk imported* and for t; ranting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof* and for better afcet-taining the Duties payable upon Coffee* Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported* it was, among other things* endsted, that no Coffee exceeding the  j& Quantity of Six Pounds Weight fhonl<J be removed, or carried from any Part of this Kingdom by Land or by Water without a Permit or Certificate as is therein mentioned, upon Pain of forfeiting the Coffee which fhoald be fonnd carrying from one Place to another without such Permit or Certificate, together with the Cauiitcrfe, Bags, Jam, Tubs, Box<ft, Cafkb aild other Vessels or Package trhatsoever containing the ftdlet And whereas it is expedient tb exempt from the said Forfeiture all such Coffee not exceeding the Weight of Eight Pounds, and the Canisters, Bags,

Jars, Tuba, Boxes* Casks and other Vessels or Packages whatsoever containing the same; Be it tlterefufre enacted, That, from and Coffee of fter the paling bf this Act, nd Coffee of the Quantity of Eight Quantity of 81b. \mvtds Weight or under, nor any Caniftera, Bags, Jats, Tubs,

[taxes, Casks or other Vessels or Packages whatsoever containing *4. he fhfrte, shall be subject or liable to Forfeiture for being found carrying or Carried from one Place to Another without such Permit or Certificate*any tiling in the said Act or in any other Act or Acts of Parfiatnent tb the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further Enacted, Tbfct the several Rules, Regu- Regulations re-latk>t, Restrictionsi, Provisions, Powers, Ctahfes, Matters and Things spefting Coffee rnafted by the LawB of Customs and Excise in force On and imroe- Dut hereby diateiy before the faffing of this Act, in relation to Coffee imported tocon-

ar.d warehoused, not being expressly repealed, revoked, altered or contrbuled by this present Act, or repugnant to the Provriions herein contained, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if'-

this Act hid not been made.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Importers and Proprietors of Coffee now lodged in the different Docks and Warehouse of this Kingdom, or which may be imported previously to the*mffing of this Act, should be permitted to avail themselves of the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations hereinbefore containedand provided, 1 Be it therefore enacted, That it (had and ihay be Ragulmions of lawful to and for the Importers or Proprietors of any Coffee, which Act to extend to shall at the time of passing this Act be in atty Warehouse in which Cofo*' ware-Coffee may by the Laws now in Force be lodged or fectmrd before hc*?

Payment of tire Duties, or which shall be imported previous to the ot

Cotonwncenaeut of this Act* to fi|nify by himself or themselves, or

A.D. 1812.

841 C. 149, 150. .52 GEO. III.

Continuance of

a a.

his or their Agent or Agents in Writing to the Coraroiffionm of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, the Wish or Dehre of such Importers or Proprietors to take in respect of any such Coffee the benefit of the several Clauses, srovisions and Regulations hereinbefore contained and provided, as to Coffee to be imported after the Commencement of this Act, and all such Importers or Proprietors of my such Coffee, or his, her or their Agent or Agents shall in every such case be entitled to have the damaged Part of any such Coffee.separated from the undamaged Part thereof, in the same manner and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions in all respecU as are hereinbefore contained or provided with respect to Coffee to be imported after the Commencement of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force from the passing thereof until the End of Two Years and no longer.

CAP. CL.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain) so far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the same.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of 44 G. 3. c. 98.*His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal

several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties bfict Stamped Vellum, ' Parchment and Pater in Great Britain, andn

Sch. B. 4 grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof certain ad valorem

4 Stamp Duties were imposed on divers Medicines and Medicinal Pns

parations specified and described in the Schedule of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations and Compositions thereunto annexed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Schedule should be repealed and an amended Schedule enacted in lieu thereof, and that the said Act should be amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

ScV.h !c to An rty of the same, That, from and after the First Day of September p-p ..lvi, and m- One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Schedule of Drugs, tti ui t'lertof Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations Si-iiedulc hereto ang Compositions annexed to the said recited Act, and so much of the annexe uiw.same ^d a8 relates to the said Schedule, or to the extending of the Provisions thereof to the said Schedule, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule annexed to this Act shall be read with the said recited Act and be

deemed and taken as Part thereof, and shall, in the Execution of the

laid recited Act, be applied and construed in such and the same manner as if the said Schedule to this Act had been annexed to the said recited Act and especially enacted therein 5 and that the Duties by the said recited Act imposed on the Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations and Compositioas mentioned in the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be deemed and taken to extend to and attach upon the fevetal Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Pills, Powders, Preparations and Composition*

1 mentioned

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 150.

motioned and set forth in the Schedule annexed to this Act by the tspective Names or Descriptions therein specified, or by whatsoever rther Name or Names, Description or Descriptions, the same or any )f them have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be -calied, cnown or distinguished, as fully and effectually as if the Schedule hereunto annexed had been annexed to the said recited Act; and that in the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by he said recited Act and in and by the Act of the Forty feqond fear of His Majesty's Reign, herein after recited, in any way relating: o, the Articles, Matters and Things mentioned in the Schedules hereunto respectively annexed, shall be of full Force and Effect, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution with regard: o the several Articles, Matters and Things mentioned in the Sche-lule annexed to this Act, in such and the same manner and as fully ind effectually as if the Schedule annexed to this Act had been annexed: o the said recited Act.

II. And be it further eoaded. That if any Person or Persons, vhether licensed or not, shall utter, vend or expose to Sale, or offer or teep ready for Sale, whether for Foreign or Home Consumption, or >uy, or receive, or keep for the Purpose of selling by Retail, either on iis, her or their own Account, or on the Account or Behalf of any >ther Person or Persons, any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial pr other Inclosure containing any of the Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Watery Essences, Tinctures, Pills, Powders, Preparations or Compositions nentioned and set forth in the Schedule annexed to this Act, without 1 Paper Cover, Wrapper or Label, provided and supplied by the Commissioners of Stamps, pursuant to the said Act of the Forty ourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or to the Act of the Forty econd Year of His Majesty's Reign herein after recited, and duly lamped, for denoting the Duty charged on such Packet, Box, Bottle, ?ot. Phial or other Inclosure, being properly and sufficiently palied, luck, fattened or affixed thereto, so and in such manner as that such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure cannot be opened md the Consents poured out or taken therefrom without tearing such lamped Cover, Wrapper or Label, so as to prevent its being made ife of again, then and in such case the Person or Persons so offending hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be ^covered and applied in such and the same manner as the pecuniary Penalties imposed by the said Acts of the Forty second and Forty ourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, or either of them, in relation 0 the Duties on Medicines, are or ought to be recovered and applied. 'III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fecopd'Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty [fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty if or granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof and for making effectual Prervision for the better Collection of the said Duties, it was enacted, that every Owneri Proprietor, Maker and Compounder of, and every Person in Great Britain, uttering, vending or exposing to Sale or keeping ready for Sale any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Powders or other Preparations or Compositions whatsoever, used or applied or to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or ! Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Disorder or

1Complaint

4* 9- 3- f- 36,

Persons vending Medicines without Paper Cove* provided by Commissioners of Stamps.

[Penalty.]

4* G 3* c. 56.

6.

A.D. 1812.

C.i$6. 5^ DEO.IIL

CdAplrffet ffltfAent U dr in &V ffc* to*Hh Boly,riefcett, Burtes, Brittle*, Pdt*, Pfeiafo Or other Iwdoftlttl ttftkny faeh Canrentk as afoveflrtcfe fefcjed t6 % ^e D*tfe& ttefduhefcfe grtrrited, /Hould tfftftHdty tafc* fltft a LteeWe, WWth Pfofh&ti fe 44 G. 3. c. 58.*Ssfitfatiefl and etffotded fey the said Act of ttte Pflfft foflfth Yt

1 A? Hfs Majesty'fc Kdgri, 'Mfh/ttgfcfd t6 the TTrlrgi, HeifcS, WH,

Water*, E.so'nce*. Tiii&trfes, Ptfwdert, preparation irtd CAfnpfc 1 'fitfoitt, tsport With eeffrtrfi Stflftib Defies are ttortVbV tftpdfai fe

8dt A 4 (rfbfefeifl; fitfd fey the fttfd AA Af tile Forty fourth Ytw Of Hfe Majesty*! Reigrt, e^rtrfifi Sfriffip Dmie* are irtipufed Or the Lfctffm

ft'tjuii^d fb fee ttfkert 0tft by fucfe Persons ttS aforesaid, rttc^ltHU 4 fey Mistake the Rate df Duty dn Licrtt6?s to be taketi ftt fey PW-1 fbriS restderit within t\it Cftty bf Efihbwtgh 1* ndt tfffcftai ifcfife Cdliiftrn irttitttfed u SrttfohJ, " as it fhoirid \\S<re b&ft> wtfcrfde Dotifet* ha^c arifert Whether ftfch Lta?hcc*re liable tofty Ditiff

Persont resident Be it tKcrefo# farther en&<?d, That Vry such Person rftSfeWld

in Edinburgh to resident within the City of Edlnbur^b^ shall bfc Ikfete to take iWt a uk*out l*x*nct ^Lfcttrce &hirtfa!7y, and every such Lideride fc*M be charged with a Inu^Btifftp Duty of TWO Ponriafc, is fully fend eflsdftatlys it the Stfffi fef Tttfo Ftirtrtttfyhad Bern fhfertdd in the Column intituled " &&/4M/, " in the Seheflttfe tharked (A.) nrifteXed to the said Act of the Forty forirth Yeat of His Majesty's Reign, ak the Duty payafefe bit Lkewcei tb fee taken otft fey such Pdffong ft# atfbrrfitfd riefiderit Within the City df JSdthbargh.

Victuallers, Sfc. IV. Pffmded jflwnya, and fee Tt ertfrfted> ^hat h shall rfot t not required to f#t*y any Vi^tiSfleY, CotrfeAreiTirr, Plrflry Cook, Fruiterer Or dthifr ta>ker'u l; nCMCe ShwbftdetWfr itt Qrttit who ffeal! Ortly fell any of the WiBcill

artificial or^other or hlhet W&tet$ irieritiorfed Iri the Schedule hereunto annexed, % 6 be Waters m- n- drank tft feik Or her Hotffe 6r Shripj and which shall be actually drimk tioned in Sche- tfeetdri, tti tike out 8 IJcehcC for that PttrpOfe riridet tlte Prott^Wta dub, and which of the said Acts of the Fbtty focond and Forty follrtfe Year! of tffc shall he drank iii Majesty's Reign^ on^ided ftieh Watert fhttil fee sold by him or lur oul cs* in Bottles <^ith Pipes Covert, WYappeta Or Labels duly tt&iriprdj pro-

perly fmd fufSciently pa(h?d, ftrtck, fkfle^ied Or affiked to the fear* in the ihantier hereinbefore iftentioned; any thing in the said Acts coa-tahied to the contrary riotwifhftariding.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Adam's Solverit.

Addison's Re-<mimating Etiropean 6al-

fam.

therial Aftoclync Spirit.

Ap; ue and Fever JDropk (by Wilfoii). Allan's Nipple Liniment.

Amboyna Lotion.

- Mouth Powder.

- Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Pills.

*--Salve.

'-- Soothing Syrilp.

- Tincture.

Andalusia Water.

Anderson's Scots Pills.

An^ibaud's Lozenges bf Bldis. Aiiridyne Nocklace. Antapoplcftic Pills.

Appleby's Tck.

Arabian Balsam.

Arnold's Drops.

- Pills.

Arquebusade Water. Aromatick Spirit of Vinegar.

- Conderifed.

Asiatic BHions Pills.

- Tonic Tindtire.

Auttin's Chalybeate Pills.

- Liniment.

Balm of Mecca.

Balft

X1812

5 20 GEO. III. C.r^o. $4j>

n of Quito.

fam of Iceland Liv'crwoft. clay's AntibiJioas Pills.

- Allmatic Candy.

- Ointment.

lowe's Specific Medicine, ron's Cachou de Rose Lo/effgPS. ton's Alterative Pofrradb.

- Vital Wine

email's Drops.

- Golden Spirit of Scurvy

3rafs.

- Plain Spirits of Bo.

: h's Pills.

yley's British Tooth Powder.

- Ointment.

- Peroral Pills.

afeley's Family Flaifter. aume de Vie. iker's Tin&urc.

IPs ReHorative FiTTs. nnet's Worm Powders, nzoin, Essence of.

Try's Bilious Pills.

Eton's British Oil. rd's Ague Tinttiire. rt's Martial Balfarti. air's Cephalic Fluid. leh1cenfop*s Bilious Pills, icrhaave's Antiscorbutic Wine. Diderfome's Worrti Cakes.

Elman's Specific, nlloh's Asthmatic Tiu&urd. ostock's Cordial.

- 1- Grand Elixir.

ott's Corn Salve.

- Tooth Fowder.

ourne's -/F.theri&l ElTence. ox's Magnefla Lozenges.

rabham's Oil.

randon's Compbfifioh or Medicine for the Evil and Scrophula.

Brazil Salts.

Irodum'a ftotknlc PIII3.

- Botanical Syrub.

- Nervous Cordial, irowne's British Pills.

- Rheumatic Powders.

- Tincture of Yellow Bark.

Bryant's Essence of Coltsfoot.

Burridge's Specific for Rheumatic Gout and Rheumatism.

Byron's Pills.

Bythell's Pe&oral Loaenges.

j

I

Camphor, jfetherial Essence of Catharmian Water.

Cathcart's Edinburgh Ointment.  Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

- :  Pills.

Chapman's Cerate

- Chilblain Water.

Ching'sWorrh Lozenges. Cliinner's Pills.

Church's Anodyne Essence.

- Antifnafmodic Elixir.

- Chilblain Ointment.

- Cough Drops.

- Eve Salve.

- Pecfortkl Pills.

- Volatile Tincture.

Clerval's Syrup Clinton's Oil ror Deafness.

- Snuff.

Clyde's Balsam.

- Ointment.

Coate's Cough Drops.

Collier's Aflmant PillS.

- Ointment.

- Remedy for Fistula and Pile's.

Complin's Specific.

Cooke's Rheumatic Pills.

- Family Pills.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwell's Fruit Lozenges.

- Opodeldoc.

- Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Coflello's Cerate.

- Collyrium.

- Liniment.

Cottier's Resolvent and Healing flaifter. Cox's Tincture.

CoxweH's Castor Oil Medicine. Culpepper's Herb Cordial.

Cundeli's Balsam of Honey.

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir, by whomsoever made. Dalby's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sal Poignant.

- Tasteless Salts*

Dawson's Lozenges.

Deering's Drops.

Delefcot's Myrtle Opiate,

De Velnos' Pills.

- Syrup.

Dicey and Co's Bathing Spirits. Dickenson's Cephalic Drops.

Dickenson'*

vjjC

*l$o

q.

lch 1< " S r\ c*n V

pd8; f ', do'!', bl ^a, Col yfortk

lo.

t3w^rtiY1AVrrfal e brcat

ii

onge tin

: uSh.

8 ^8ue'TC, !r^"'0-

N'Ppi, o'4tu^.

EffAlAp^ri

vy.

or S

'ent.

T? i Ce

Falcks O.

- U ^outi.

*Vf<

er.

&W. Mrirafai p>. fZX^IT nf Mn> MaUo

Flexney'a Wan rvjfi Forcdy^I cm of Horehouod

Fotrg, Med^S'^d?:

Fothergill's Peftoral piUl

- RelWtive.

Fraunce'* Elixir.

Freaked Tinaure of Bark.

tvrcman 8 Bathing Spirits.

- Eye Water.

- Gutta Salutaris,

Friar's Balsam.

Friend to Man.

Frith's Antibilious Elixir.

Pry's Worm Pills.

Gall's Antibilious Pills. Gamble's Aromatic Snuff.

-__Sanative Tea.

Garaveni's Styptic.

Gardener's Ointment.

G^m Corn Plaister

aw ^Loiio-

O0*1 bold.8 X>

Godfrey^ Cord Lozenges.

Goulo a x

w.

except

or

Salve,

Hi.

Aj>,

oiT"!'u, "'p'\

- rw.SS1.

tS9"-

- p*, ?nges U bZeBges

Griffi ,oth p '

P ?n s Aftu Po^dtr

Grubh', p^ticTin

2^'* &*>p,

SS^5*

-- Aftmat, c Efflum.

______ ^'nnamon Drops.

- Corn Salve.

patent Mineral Water.

it e^ableBalfamicTii^t

Hannay's Wash.

Harrison's Pile Lozenge*. Harvey's Anti-Venereal FOli.

Grand Restorative Diopt. Hatfield's Ti&ure.

Hayman's Maredant's Drops. Hayward's Stomatic Lozenges.

- AntirAcid Do.

-   Samaritan 'Water.

Hemet's Essence of Pearl.

_______ Pearl Dentrifice.

Heining's Pine Bud Lozwg._ Henry's Aromatic Spirits  Magnesia.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pw*-Hickman's PiU*.

ErSES^"*'

S.Q.floEreirofJ"'T'

Sage.

by

____ Xin<Su

' Valerian. Hide's P9dert

flic*'*

D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 150.

*47

ide's Drops.

dson's Aromatic Nervine Tea.

--Imperial Oil.

- Persian Restorative.

- Syrup, lnsworth's Lozenges, llingftiead's Balsam. oper's Female Pills, oping Cough Drops.

pe's He&ic Pills.

well's Powders for Epilepsy. idson's Tablets for the Worms, mgary Balsam for the Stone and travel.

int's Family Pills, inter's Elixir.

- Pills.

--Restorative.

: kfon's Asthmatic Candy.

--Corn Salve.

--Ointment.

--Tincture.

: obfon's Cough Drops, nes's Analeptic Pills.

--Antibilious Pills.

--Fever Powder.

--Medicine for the Dropsy.

--Tin Powder for the Worms.

bb's, Sir Richard, Elixir.

- Pills.

nkins's Salve, suits* Drops.

nperial Anodyne Opodeldoc, ifallible Restorative. iglis's Scots Piils.

>hnfon*s Golden Ointment for the Eyes.

fttnfton'6 Essence of Horehound.: >lintenocco's Tooth Powder, sites's Rheumatic Tincture. rvine's Fruit Lozenges, unipei's Essence of Penny Royal.

- Peppermint.

Lemp's Gangrene Ointment.

Kennedy's Corn Salve or Plaister. Ceyfer's Pills, knight's Pills.

Laraert's Balsam.

Lancaster Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

--Chilblain Water,

--Pills

--Purifying Drops.

Leatbe's Lotion.^'

Le Cour's Imperial Oil.

Lee's Lozenges.

Lewis's Salve.

- Specific Pills.

- Tincture of Angustura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Graves. Lobb's Stomatic Tincture.

Lockyer's Pills.

Lord's Com Salve or Plaister. Lorraine's Consumptive Pills.

Lowrie's Eye Water.

Lowther'8 Drops.

- Nervous Powders.

Lozenges Aniseed.

- Benzoin.

- Camomile.

- Ginger.

- Horehound.

- Ipecacuanha.

- Patirofa.

- Peppermint.

- Poppy.

- Rose.

- Rofeated Liquorice,

- Specific.

- Spermaceti.

- Tolu.

Lucas's Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte's British Pills.

Lygnum's Antiscorbutic Drops.

- Lotion.

- Pills.

Lynch's Embrocation.

Madden's Vegetable Essence.

Magnesia Tablets.

Manne's Cough Medicine.

Mapfon's Sanative Salve.

Marshall's Cerate.

- Wart Diflolvent.

- Heal-&11.

Mason's Ointment.

Matthew's or Matthews's Alterative Medicine. '

- , Chymical Ti&ure.

- Remedy for curing Fistula and Piles without Cutting or Pain.

Samaritan. Restorative.

Mayerfbach's Balsamic Pills.

- Mixture.

- Restorative Powders. Medley's Aromatic Herb Snuff. Metallic Tractors,

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment.

MollineuxY

?4l C-1 SO. 5^ QEp. 11L A.D. 1812.

Mollineaux's Ofotment.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powderf.

Nailor* Corn Ointment.

Newton's Restorative Tooth Powder# Norman's Syrup.

)fam9* Chalyh te PiSU.

- Drops.

- Tonic Essence.

Norton's Maredaat's Drops.

Odontalgia Elixir for Tooth Ache. Oliver's Remedy for Ccwfumptioa. Oliverian Ointment for the Ptfc^. Orme's Nfedfoioe.

Ormskirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog.

Oxley's Essence of Jamaica Ginger.

- Stoma tic Tincture.

Palmer's Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Paris Ointment.

Pafchall's TeethiM Remedy.

Pedoral Essence of Coltsfoot.

Perkins' Metallic Tractors.

Perrin's of Lungwort.

- Antibilious or Coqgb Pills.

Pile Ointment.

Powder for the Hooping Qp-Wgt. Perry's E^ce.

Peter's Pills.

- 7 Tfo&we.

Pidding's Balsam of Licorice.

Pike's Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

- Rsyah

Potter's Pills.

Powell's Carpphor Lipiment.

- Eye S*ly.e.

Price's Bread Salve.

Prickett'8 $yjHAc.

Prince's Roffia Oil.

Pullen's Antifcorbutis PdU-

tfutgfog PiUs.

Purland's Expedorating Pill*. Pyrmont' Tablets*

JR^dcliffe's Purging Elixir.

r-i  r Rheumatic Tfodure. Randall's Essence of Qinger.

Refined Btttish Oil*

Relfe's Nipple Ointf$?nt.

Richerdfop's Britiftt Cqtn Sal# ar Plainer.

Riga Balsam.

Robberd's Cough Drops.

Robert's Worpa Sug^r Jfcfofis.

Robertson's Vegetable julep.

Roche's Embrocation.

Roe's English Coffee for Nervous Dif-orders.

Rogers' Antibilious Elixir.

'Anttfcorbutic Pills.

Rook's Balsam.

Rose Tablets.

Rufpini's Styptic.

- Tincture.

Tincture for the Tooth Ache. - Tooth Powder.

Ryan's Essence of Coltsfoot. Rymer's Cordiac and Nervous Tiu&urr.  Detergent Pills.

Essence of Gariick.

- Pe&oral Medicine.

- Tonic Pill?.

Salmon's Guttz Vitz.

Savage's Oil.

Saville's Ointment.

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult's Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot's Gout Pills.

Senate's Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel-Severn's Worm Tea.

- r Ague Cake*.

Sharpe's Hep^ic Pills.

Sharp's Drops for Cancers.

Shaw's Sovereign Itch Ofotmeot. Shee's Specific Drops.

- Preventive Lotion.

Sibley's Lunar Tin&nre.

- Solar Do.

Simson's Infallible AEthereal Tia&ore. Singleton's Golden Ointment. Sloane's, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart's Tincture of Cafcarilla Bark. Stnellome*8 Eye Salve.

Smith's Antibilious Pill*.

- Antihedic Balsam.

- Cooling Opening Pills.

- Drops.

- Purifying Pills.

- Redorative Medicated Wine. Smyth's Drops.

- Redorative.

Solander's Sanative Tea.

Soley's Essence of Squill*.

Solomon's Abdergent.

- Anti Impetigines.

- Balm of Gilead.

Spain s

*4 9

AJ?.a6>2. 52* III. C, yp>

Spain's R^jforattve Oil.

5peediman's Stomach Pills*

Specifip Conyul/W Drops.

- for tl*c Yelipw Fever-

- Remedy (by Weffels).

- Tinffcure.

5pcoce's Pentrijjc*.

SpiMsbury's Ant/fcprbutjc Drops.

- Compound Effenoe.

Spiokuff's Arpmatip BiljotfS Cprcjisl. Squid's Elixir.

Sautrrcl's Drops.

- Tpruc Pilfe.

- Powders.

Steer's Cajnpwde Drops.

- CampboratedEye Water*

- Conyjdftpn OiL

- Nitre Drops.

- *--- Opodeldoc.

- Paregoric Dodges.

- Purging Efurir.

- Solution of Myrrh*

- Sterne's Balfawp AMhfr.

- Stomatic Tablets,

- Timbre of Gpot Pof>*.

Storey's Worm Cate*.

Stpj^phtps's Bitters.

- Ipi^ir.

Stoker's J^guge of MyrrJh-

- Myrjji

- T --r Pategprip Dpzengss.

Swydish Prifenrati^ or &*$ gevjty.

Swinfen's Anti-Acid.

- Electuary.

- Ointment.

- Worm Sugar Cake*-

SwiL Balsam.

Syrian Corn Pla\{ler.

Tadelefs Ague prop*.

- , --- Jevprprop*.

Taylor's Antifpafm^dip Pills.

- /* 'Rem^jdv for Pesfcpfs.

- Rest^v attve lkdfepn &H* & p

Eyes.

Thomas's Tolu EfTenpe.

Thompson's AgueTinjure,

- Patent Medicinal Wa&sr.

Tic'kell'a iEther.

Tincture for the Teeth and Gums, Tooley's Cordial.

Tooth Ache Fluid.

Toqth Powder, A fiatic.

- 1  -----  Paraguay.

Tooth Powder, Royal,

Trotter's Asiatic Tooth Powder. Trowbridge's Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae or Chilblain Water. Turlington's Bajlam.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swie ten's Gout Cordial. Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Wajford's Pancreatic Powders. Walker's Jesuits Drops.

- Specific Remedy.

- Stajnatic Wine.

Walkey's iVpth Powder.

Wallers Qintment.

Waub's Antipertuffis.

Coltsfoot Lozenges.

TT- Ginger Seeds.

PiiL.

Ward's Dropsy Pills.

- Essence for the Head Ache.

-t- -r 1 Liquid Sweat.

- >  Paste.

srrrr* Powders.

jRed pills.

Sack Drops. vt, m> Sweating Powder.

nf>f Wb/te Drops.

Ware's Aill\matic Drops.

W^Lrreu's Analeptic Powders.

rr  British Tooth Powder.

Wakcra, videlicet  All artificial Mineral Water* and all Waters impregnated with Soda or Mineral Alkali, or with Carbonic Acid Gas, and all Compactions io a liquid or solid Statje, to be used for the Purpose of compounding or making any of the said Waters.

WebftRt's Diet DririV*

Welsh's Female Pills.

Wheatley's Ointment*

- Fluid.

Whitehead's Cerate.

- 1- r  n- ECTence of Mustard.

of Horehound.

- Pills.

WhitteU's Black Drops Williams' Aperient PdU*

rrw^r  r E'fepce of Benzoin or Pul-mpnic Prop*.

- f-r-i  Spa Elir^r, or Restorative Drops.

Willis's

A.D. 1812.

85b # c. 150. 520 Geo. in.

Willis's Asthmatic Pills. Wilfoil's Balsam.

- Opening Pills.

- Powders.

Winch's Cough Drops.

Withers's Efienee of Camomile. Wray's Ague Pills.

York Medicinal Preventive Lotion. Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

And also all other Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Tinctures. Potions, Cordials, Electuaries, Plaisters, Unguents, Salyes, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, Medicated Herbs, and Waters, chemical and officinal Preparations whatsoever, to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in any wise affecting the human Body, made, prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein the Person making, preparing, uttering, vending or exposing to Sale the same, hath or claims to have any occult Secret or Art for the making or preparing the same, or hath or claims to have any exclusive Right or Title to the making or preparing the same, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are or fha.Il hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are or shall hereafter be by any Public Notice or Advertisement, or by any written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Label or Words written or printed, affixed to, or delivered with any Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial or other Inclosure containing the same, held out or recommended to the Public by the Makers, Venders or Proprietors thereof as Nostrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial to the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment, Disorder or Complaint incident to or ia any wife affecting the human Body.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

All Drugs named or contained in the Book of Rates subscribed with the Name of Sir Harbottle Grimstone Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the aaCar. 2. c. 4. Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and in

it O.i. c. 7. another Book of Rates intituled An Additional Book of Rates

of Goods and Merchandizes usually imported and not particularly " rated in the Book of Rates referred to in the Act of Tonnage " and Poundage made in the Twelfth Y*ar of the Reign of King M Charles the Second, with Rules, Orders and Regulations signed " by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Speaker of the " Honourable House of Commons, and mentioned and referred to " by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First."

All Medicinal Drugs whatsoever which shall be uttered or vended entire without any Mixture or Composition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatsoever by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Cherailt or Druggist who hath served a regular Apprenticeship, or by any Per-fou who- hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any

Coin-

52 GEO. III. C. 150, 151. 851

Commission or Appointment duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office, or by any other Person whatsoever licensed to fell any of the Medicines chargeable with a Stamp Duty.

And also all Mixtures, Compositions or Preparations whatsoever mixed or compounded with or prepared from Medicinal Drugs,

Medicated or Chemical Preparations or Compositions, or other Ingredients bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues or Efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist or Druggist as aforesaid, or by any such Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any such Commission or Appointment as aforesaid, the different Denomination, Properties, Qualities, Virtues and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Compositions and Preparations as aforesaid are known, admitted and approved of in the Preservation. Cure or Relief of any Disorder, Malady, Ailment or Complaint incident to or in any wise affecting the Human Body, and wherein the Person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering or vending the same, hath not nor claims to have any occult Secret or Art for the mixing, compounding or preparing the same, nor hath nor claims to have any exclusive Right or Title to the mixing, compounding or preparing, or to the vending of the same, and which Mixtures, Compositions or Preparations have not been, are not, nor shall hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are or shall hereafter be by any Public Notice, Advertisement, or by any. Written or Printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Labels or Words written or printed and affixed to or delivered with any such Packet,

Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Public by the Owners, Proprietors, Makers,

Compounders, Original or First Vendors thereof as Nostrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment or Complaint as aforesaid.

CAP. CLI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Pensions and Allowances as are given to British Officers under the like Circumstances.

[28th July 1812.]

TT J WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, '

W intituled An Act to authorize the allowing Officers to retire on 51 G. 3. c. 103.

Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain Re/lriQions: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be further extended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall TnfWling Field be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allow any Officers of Mili-Officer who shall have been appointed or shall be appointed to act as lia>c* allowed

j2 GeO; _ III. 3 I inspecting Half Pay (togt-

A

C. 151:

2 oeo. in.

A.D. 1ta

ther with^ Arrears) of Commission held t time cf Appointment.

Quarter Mastert in Cavalry, Ice. after Thirty Yeara Serrice, Twelve of which shall have been at Quarter Master, to retire with Full Pay.

44 g. 3- c. 43.

44 G. 3. C. 7J.

46 G. %. c 23.

Foreign Officers wounded allowed like Pension*, ice. as are granted to any Officers under timilur Circumstances.

Inspectrag Field Officer of the Militia or Volunteers or of Recruiting Di ft rids, the Half Pay of the Commission which be shall have held at the Period of being so appointed; and every such Officer who shall have been allowed to retire on Half Pay upon or for the Purpose of being appointed to act as such Field Officer, shall be entitled to and shall receive all Arrears of Half Pay which may have become due to and not been paid to him in respect of such Half Pay as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to allow any Quarter Mailer serving in His Majesty's Forces either in the Cavalry or Infantry, at the Expiration of Thirty Yesn actual Military Service, Twelve Years of which Service thill have been as a Quarter Mailer, and who shall be certified to be unfit for further Duty, and to have served such respective Periods as afovefud (such Certificates to be made and given by such Persons, Medical or others, and in such Form and Manner as shall be required by the Secretary at War in that Behalf) to retire under the Provisions of this Act, and to receive the Full Pay of the Commission which he shall have held at the time of his being so allowed to retire as aforesaid.

III. And whereas an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Subjects of9France to enli/l at Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent if9Europe, and in certain other Places; and to enable His Majesij to9grant CommtMons to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay ns Officers in fuel Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Reflriditos: 9And whereas another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling Sub9jeds of Foreign States to emifl as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; 9 and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Smbjeds rf9 Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain9Rejhridions; and to indemnify ail Persons vebo may have advised H'u9majesty to enHJl any such Soldiers, or grant any such Comwnsions at

aforesaid: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the9Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign sj9His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlif ns Sole tiers in His Majesty's Service, and to indemnify those tvbo heu9advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom: And whereas it is just and expedient that Provisions should be made for9authorizing the granting to Officers serving or who have served

under any of the Provisions of the said Acts, such Pensions tad Attow-

ances as are granted to Officers wounded in His Majesty's Service

under the like Circumstances Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful lor His Majesty from time to time to allow to any Foreign Officer in His Service, serving under any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts, and who shall have been or shall be woulded in His Majesty's Service, such and the like Pensions and Allowances as are or may be allowed and granted to any Officer in His Majesty's Service under similar circumstances, by auy Law or Regulation now in force, or which may be hereafter made and edabhshed, although such Provisions and Allowances may exceed the Amount of the Half Pay of the Rank held by any such Officer; any thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

)ogIe

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

C152.

*53

CAP. CLII.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established in the different Offices for the issuing and Payment of Public Monies required for Army and Navy Services, have been found beneficial:

And whereas the Act now in force for regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia requires Amendment, and it is expedient that many of the Provisions contained in the Laid Act relating to the same, mould be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be made; and it is necessary, for the Purposes aforesaid, that the said Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's [oil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the, ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-ent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and 49*2. 3-c.iij. ter the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of repealed, lis present Majesty, intituled An Act for better regulating the Ofice r Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, shall be and the iroe is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General for A&ent General olunteers and Local Militia shall be and is hereby authorised and Mone for dif-mpowered to apply for Money for the different Services to which ferent Services, e may have been or shall be authorised to act as Agent General, in lie same manner as the Monies required for such Services have itherto been applied for, through the Secretary at War and the Pay-jafter General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary at War for Secretary at be time being shall approve of and authorize the Issues of such Sums War toautho->r the said Services as he may deem proper, by Warrants addressed I1* J?

) the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces 5 in which vices> which Vanranta the Secretary at War shall Specify for what particular Ser Money paid im* ice or Services the said Money is wanted; and the said Paymaster Baqjc.

General shall, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury ar Money for such Services, pray that such Sum as is required may e issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on is Account, specifying in every such Memorial the Sum required, act for what particular Service or Services; and the Commissioners f His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more f them, by their Letter from time to time shall direct the Auditor of he Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Inghmd, on account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's forces, naming such Paymaster General for the time being, the Sum pecified in such Letter upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer a favour of the said Paymaster General; for which the Receipt^of he Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a efficient Discharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the ^Mamissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be issued from the exchequer to the Gcvpropr and Company of

A.D. 1812.

*54 0.152. 52 GEO. III.

Ufuil Fee*.

Bills draum, accepted p.iyabie tt the Bank.

Service for which Dilb are 4ra*n specified.

Secretary at War m.u empower A^ent General to draw on Bank for Payment of Salaiiea.

and not to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and shall be placed to the Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled The Account of the Paymaster General of H'u Majesty's Land Force*, inferring the Name of such Paymaster General for the time being; and the said Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the time being shall and is hereby required to write off or transfer all such Sums as shall be so placed to his Account as aforesaid to the Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the Agent General for V olunteen, Local Militia, and Militia and Defence Acts, which Account the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open; in which Transfer and Account shall be inserted the Name of such Agent General for the time being; for which Sums so written off or transferred the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge in the Accounts of the said Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury by reason of the Transa&ioos aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what has been usually paid upoa Imprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the Form or Custom of transacting Business between the Exchequer Pay Office and Bank severally.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for the time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office, duly authorised by the said Agent General, to accept all Bills of Exchange which shall be drawn upon him by any Officers of Volunteers or Local Militia or other Persons duly authorised by the Secretary War, payable at the Bank of England; and every such Bill shall specify the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied; and no Bill so accepted shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company, unless the Service for which it is drawn shall be specifi d thereon, and unless it shall be actually paid by the said Governor and Company; and the Monies so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on account of the said Agent General shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Public Services for which his said Account is opened, and in por-fuance of Bills of Exchange drawn upon the said Agent General and accepted as aforesaid, on which shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Bills, or to their Order or Order?, according to the usual Course in respect of Bills of Exchange.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from time to time to authorize and empower the said Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for such Sums as the Secretary at War shall deem proper for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances to the Persons employed in his Office, and for such Sums as shall be nec ssary for Payments on his Petty Accounts; and the said Agent General shall not draw any Draft or Check upon the Bank of England, unless he shall have been so authorised \ and ao Draft or Check whatever shall be deemed a

sufficient

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 152. 855

ufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company, unless they lall also receive a Letter from the Secretary at War, deliring that the une may be paid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Accounts shall be kept by Agent General le Bank of England of all Monies issued or directed to be paidithBj^C0UUt* irough the said Agent General for the time being for Public Ser- 1

ces; and the said Agent General, observing the Rules and Regula-ons hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which a shall not actually receive, or which shall not be actually d awn for 7 him or paid upon the Bills accepted by him, or his Deputy or her Person or Persons authorised by him as aforesaid; and the said overnor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable r all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for such ublic Services.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received Money received r the said Agent General for Public Services, shall be immediately v"ces naiiT intS tid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his Account B*nk.

ere in manner aforesaid; and such Money shall be issued, paid and plied in such and the like manner, and under the same Regulations d Restrictions as the Money to be issued for such Services is herein rested to be issued, paid and applied under the Directions of the: cretary at War.

IX. And, in order that the Secretary at War may have frequent Balance* cf

nowledge of the Balance of Cash in the Hands of the Governor and Pu^1, c M >ney )mpany of the Bank of England, on Account of the Agent General

r Volunteers and Local Militia, and thereby be enabled to judge of ninthly by

e Necessity and Propriety of further Issues, and prevent the unne- Agent General,

flary Accumulation of Public Money in the Hands of the said Go- &c.

rnor and Company, be it enacted, That once in every Month, or

lener if required, such Agent General or his Deputy shall Hate to the

cretary at War the Sum Total of the Balance of Public Money on

ccount of the Agent General, in the Hands of the Governor and

>mpany, together with an Account of all outstanding Drafts or

11s with which such Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to be

plied.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation On Death or Removal of any Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, k^movsiluf

Balance of Cash which shall at that time remain at the Credit of

i Account or Accounts as Agent General, with the Governor and Vg(i m buccessor.

rapany of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall

appointed, actually veil in such Successor in Trust for the Public

rvices for which the same were issued, and shall forthwith be trans-

red, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor, to

applied to the said Services in the manner hereinbefore directed

1 the succeeding Agent General shall and he is hereby diredea and Succeeding; uired to submit Statements to the Secretary at War, and to accept; ls as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on account and

Public Services, although the same shall have accrued in the time piv < uiitanaing any preceding Agent General; and all outstanding Bills which Bill*; y have been accepted by such preceding Agent General or his D* iy, or the Person or Persons duly authorised as aforesaid shall be d from tue said Accounts by the said Governor and Company of ' Bank of England, notwithstanding the Death, Resignation or rnoval of such Agent General: Provided always, that such fuc-ut. not charged 3 I 3 cecding

5<S

A.D. 1812.

ctpted by Predecessor.

Vouchers delivered to Auditors.

Mode of making

up Accounts,

Jcc. on Death, frc. of Agent General within the Year.

Quietus.

Monthly Accounts of Re. c-ipts, &c. to St. retary at War, who shall certify, &c. if corrctt.

Age* t General to: n ke up Annual Accounts.

Mode of making up.

.153. 52 GEO. III.

ceeding Agent General shall not be held accountable for any Sam or Sums of Money which may be issued upon such outfhndiDr Ml % not with (landing the Payment of the same may take place after the Date of his Appointment, but the Agent General so dying or going out of Office, his Heirs and Executors, shall be charged with the Amount of all such outstanding Bills so accepted by hhn or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorised as aforesaid, and which may hare been or shall be so paid by any succeeding Agent General; and all Bills, Drafts or Orders, so paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for such Acceptances as aforesaid, shall be delivered by such Agent General so going out of Office, or by the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General dying, as hi or their own proper Vouchers, and shall be delivered by him or them to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Account*

XI. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death, Resignation or Removal of any Agent General within the Year, the Accounts shall be so made up as to include and distinguish the adaal Payments made on the Bills accepted by each Agent General, or by his Deputy or Deputies, or the Person or Persons duly authorised by them or either of them respectively within the Year and to specify and distinguish the respective Balances (if any) remaining on tk Death, Resignation or Removal of any Agent General, on his (even! Accounts as aforesaid, and transferred over to the succeeding Agent General, so as to enable the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to distinguish each Accoc -t, and to examine and dcdirf the Accounts of any Agent General so dying or going out of Offer, as a separate and distint Account; and the Transfer of such Balaocn to any succeeding Agent General' shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General to dying or going out of Office, for the Amount of such Balances, tod a Quietus and full Acquittance shall be given to the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General so dying, or to the Agrst General, or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators so going out of Office, for his Account or Accounts as aforesaid, when and as (oca as the same shall have been examined and declared; and the succeeding Agent General shall become charged with the Balances so transferred as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General for the time being shall transmit to the Secretary at War Monthly Accounts of all his Receipts and Payments applicable to each separate Head of Service, and also a separate and correct Lift of in the Payments made by him within the Month; and shall specify the Authorities under which the same were made; and that the Secretary at War shall cause such Accounts and Lifts of Payments to be checked by the Books of his Department; and if the lame shall be found correct, shall return such Lifts certified accordingly, specifying j in each Certificate the Amount authorised to be paid by such Agent General.

XIII. And be it Further enacted, That the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall make up Annual Accounts ending r on the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, applicable to f each separate Head of Service, of all Monies received and Payment! made by him, within the Period of the said Accounts respectvely; ia which Accounts the said Agent General shall charge himseli with

1 the

Ji

*57

5^ GEO. III. C. 152.

the Balance a&natty transferred to hit Account at the Bank of Enr-W, from the Account of the preceding Agent General, or with the Balance brought forward from his Account for the Year preceding [as the case may be), and also with all Sums carried to his Account it the Bank within the Period of the Account $ and the said Agent general shall state, on the Credit Side of such Account, the Amount )f each of his Monthly Lifts of Payments, which shall hare been duly: ertified by the Secretary at War.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the general Annual Ac- Mode of tnnf-xmntt of the Agent General for the time being, lo made up as afore- mitring general aid, together with the separate Monthly Lifts of Payments certified ^uiI^Audi^" ly the Secretary at War, with the proper Vouchers for the actual ^s"and giving" payment of the Sums therein contained, shall, within Three Months Acquittances ifter the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, be transmitted upon Account* o the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts 5 who shall

ind they are hereby directed and required, with the lead possible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be examined he same, and shall discharge the said Agent General of all Sums paid o pursuance of the Authority of the Secretary at War; and the said ?om mi (Boners shall, after such Examination, prefect or cause to be >resented to the proper Office for Declaration, the said Accounts as foresaid, specifying the Amount discharged by proper Vouchers, and he Amount with which the Agent General is to remain charged or the succeeding Year, on account of Balances (if any) remaining in such Accounts as aforesaid; and when such Accounts lo discharged s aforesaid shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance, in the usual Quietus, form, shall be made out to the Agent General, his Heirs, Executors nd Administrators, for such Account so declared as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts and Books of Ae-11 Vouchers whatever kept in the Offices of Agent General for counts and /olunteers and Local Militia shall belong to the said Office, and Vouchers to be-hall not be at the Disposal of the Agent General to take and dispose oenerd if the same as his private and proper Books of Account and Vouchers; aJ^not confide*-irofided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any ed private Person who hath exercised the Office of Agent General, or his or Property.

heir Executors or Administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any Vrfon or Persons authorised by bim or them from taking Copies ir Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for such Agent General, his Heirs, Executors and Admi-astrators; nor the Transmission of the Vouchers in due time to the i^ommissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Forgit* Draft* hall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure in Name of

0 be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in cscnt 0cne"^ orging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent Generale' or the time being, or his Deputy, or Person or Persons duly authored as aforesaid, to any Bill of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft or [oftruraent in Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or ibtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor ind Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly ind wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Bill of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft, In ft rumen t or Writing in form of a

3 I 4 c* Draft

9 " by

A.D. 1811.

858 0.152, 153. 52 GEO. III.

Death.

Hills for Pay, &c. or Orders for remitting Money on account of Local Militia, kc. drawn on undamped Paper.

Draft made by such Agent General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons lo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn upon the said Agent General on account of the Pay or Allowances of the Militia or Local Militia, or of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, or of any Staff Officers, or which may be drawn by any Clerks of Subdivision, or any Persons under the Directions of the Secretary at War, for the Payment of Bounties or any other Public Service whatever, and also all Bills, Drafts or Orders by which any Balances, Fines, Penalties, Bounties or any other Sums of Money whatsoever are remitted to the Bank of England, or the said Agent General for Public Services, may and shall be drawn upon undamped Paper 5 and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written upon undamped Paper; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

51 G. 3. c. xoi.

48 G. 3.C. 11a.

Bounty of 3L per Ton by 48 G. 3. c. no. to Owners of Vessels of not less than 60 Tons extended to Vessels of 45 Tons.

How Vessels fitted out.

CAP. CLIII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake and to carry into more effectual Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament*

intituled An Act for amending an Act of the Forty eighth

Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the British IVh'tte Herring Fishery: And whereas it was intended by the said Act that the

Bounty granted by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement ' and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery* until the

First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thenceforth to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to Vessels of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen, should be extended to Vessels of not less than Forty five Tons Burthen Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bounty of Three Pounds ber Ton granted by the said Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Buss or Vessel of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen, shall and may be paid to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Buss or Vessel of not less than Forty five Tons Burthen, being British-built, owned in Great Britain and manned, navigated and regidered according to Law, which since the Twenty sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven has been or shall be fitted out and actually employed in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery on the Coads of Great Britain or Ireland, in the manner and subject to all the Regulations and Provisions prescribed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Vessel of lets than Sixty Tons and not less thaq Forty five Tons Burthen shall be j deemed

52 GEO. III. C. 153, 154-

95*

?emed to have been or to be properly fitted out for and duly em-oyed in the British Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, foas to entitle ic Owner or Owners thereof to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof, y virtue of the said Act or this Act, unless such Buss or Vessel shall ave been or shall be manned with Ten Men or with Eight Men and 'wo Boys not under Thirteen Years of Age.

CAP. CLIV.

m Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[28th July 1812.]

I.

II.

III.

j?3, 600, 000 o 8, 000, 000 o

20, 400, 000 o o

Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund."] Part of Sum remaining in the Exchequer I to complete 20, 000, 000 granted out of Produce of War Taxes for 1811 From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Excise under 43 G.3. tr.70.

- Excise on Tobacco,

&c. 46 G. 3. c. 39.

- Duties on Property--f.65.

- Excise on Brandy

47G, $.SeJ.u c. 27. Customs - - 49 G. 3.C. 98.

Additional Duty on Wood 51 G. 3. c. 43.

-'44-  c. 31.

1

V.

o

s

g

04

CO

Linen

- Copper

New Duties on Importation of Hides in the Hair Additional Duties of Customs on Fir Timber

--on Mahogany 52 .3,

on Wood and

IV. 2, 209, 626 o

f.67.

r*93*

c. 36.

-r.117.

Uoo

r

SJL

04

t*

44

V.

VI.

441, 218 o o

Pot and Pearl Ashes Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for 1811, subscribed to be funded pursuant to the Resolutions of the House of Commons of 17th February and 9th March 1812 v 01 fniJXT 11 For Naval Services here*

o

The following Produce of 3, 000, 000 o

10.500.000 o 1, 500, 000 o 6, 789, 625 o

22.500.000 o

j See i VIII.

Sums, viz.

Malt and Pension Act, not exceeding

Exchequer Bills Ditto Annuities

Ditto (after remitting 435O, 00o/. to Ireland; and 2, 500, 000/ for East India Company)

52. G. 3. c. 1.

4* 5-24.

- c. 85.

Sd

o

2 8*3

U -

cu*X

CU

5, 000, 000

86o

C.IJ4*

A.D. 1812.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

51 coo, oooo

Lotteries

o o

4, 000, 000 o o

52dGKara.

Exchequer Bilk (deducting One third for Ireland) -  c. 125

Ptrt of Montes remaining to be received

'86 U

>-si

a s*

i8thjaii.1812, to complete 20, 000, 000l. I

20400, 000 O o 441418 o o

3.600.000 o o The following Sums, vis.

1.500.000 o o Annuities

granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1811

(granted above,  III.)

(granted above, f V.)

(granted above, $ I.)

CV-t

5!

4, 350, 000 o o Share of Lotteries

500, 000

1, 116, 666

o 13

Appropriation, -20, 442, 149 2

3.345.875 o

4*53, 31* 10 3.675.750 o

coming into the Irish Exchequer < p - 5* G.3. r.70.  85.

under the Acts.  Cm 125. Cm 90..*I, 3'.

Treasury Bills Annuities

Treasury Bilk Ditto

For Naval Services; that is to say,  For 145, 000 Men,]

For Vi&uah, I A

For WearandTearof

I

g.t'0*

Z*

"  <s

l!*

*r >*a. 2 S

1/.

659, 750 o 1, 038, 514; 408, 611 I

975 1, 696, 621 Ij056, 390

I5 6

2 7 3

I 19 0

O 7 0

For 13 Months.

10

 3

o o

o o

1^78^92 12

80, 3*6 4

78, 74*

90, 000

38, 149

80, 000

a, oc<rv, oooo

406, 00

o o

Ships, iviu

For Ordnance for Sea Month'

Service, J

For Salaries and Expences of Ad-" miralty, 8cc.

For Half Pay, See. to Officers of Navy and Marines, &c.

For Superannuations, 8cc. in Admiralty and Transport Service For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras For Provisions for Troops and Garri- For the Year fons on Foreign Stations, and Ra- 181*. tions for Troops embarked on board Transports For Hire of Transports For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad For Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad Ditto Sick -

For Salaries, Stationary and Contingencies of Transport Office For purchasing Quarries for Plymouth Break Water. For Portugal, " to enable His Majesty to continue M to maintain in his Pay a Body of Portvgwfc " Troops, and to give such further Aid and M A Alliance to the Government of Portugal as the Nature of the Contest in which His Majesty is c< engaged may appear to him to require."

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty.

t8i*.

52 GEO. III. C. 154.

6<Si

25.174*756 5 o

7, 667, 408 11 0

3^99, 965 o 3

720/378 o o

27*783 T9 2

581, 863 14 5

3>944 o 3

292, 052 17 10

219, 511 o 10

13, 195 19 6

541, 471 18 9

59, 369 12 6

531, 169 13 11 1, 146, 6^2 12 10 21, 306 13 10

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to say9 For Land Forces at Home and 1 Abroad (except in the Eqfl I Indies, Foreign Corps m

British Pay and Embodied Militia

For Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall

For Local*Militia Force in Great Britain For Five Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hof-pitalsat Home and Abroad, and Charge of Garrisons For Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces Forprincipal Officers of several Public Departments in Great Britain and I reland) their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General For Half Pay to reduced Offi-cersofLana Forces including British American Forces and Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of the States General For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including British American Forces For In and Out Pensioners of Che Ilea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and Expences of the Hospitals For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Expencesattending the same in Great Britain and Ireland For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland For Foreign Corps in Service oi Great Britain and Ireland For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances

From 25th Dee. 1811, to 24th Dec 1812.

to

862

C. 154.

52' GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

128, 4.68 I4 IO

*5*9 6 8

451 o8o 7 o 267, 214 3 o 16*547 3

434*441 o o 1, 396, 446 1792, 301, 495 6 3 5, 200, 000 o o

fell. 3*873, 025 3 6

120, 556 o 1 52, 654 19 5

72*989 8 o

From } 25th Dec. 1811, to 24th Z)re. 1812.

to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, and Expences of Office of Chaplain Gene ral, See.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and Hospital Contingencies For Allowances on the Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Foroes, and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not intitled to Pension, including Allowance as of His Majesty's Royal -Bounty. to several Officers, and to Relatives of certain deceased j Officers For Barrack Department in Ireland

For Commissariat Department in Ireland For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held Public Offices of a Civil Nature

For Barrack Department in Great Britain For Commifljry in Chief's Department - )

For Extraordinary Expences > From 25th Dec. 1810, of Army not provided for)to 24th Dec. 1811. For Extraordinary Expences! of Army of Great Britain > For the Year 1812. and Ireland - J For Office of Ordnance for!

Land Service for Great > For the Year 1812. Britain -

Ditto - in 1810.

Ditto - in 1811.

For Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, &c. Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for good Services, to superannuated and disabled

For the Year 1812.

For the Year 1812.

Me

D. 1812.

85j

5a0 GEO. III.

Cjj4.

For the Year 18x2.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII. XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

Men, and Pensions to Wi- j dowa, &c. of deceased Offi- J a cers, late belonging to Ord- f For the Year l8l*' nance Military Corps - J 5, 757 3 10 Ditto not provided for in the Year 181x.

19, 827 15 O For Allowances, &c. in the

Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Per-Ion8 late belonging to Office of O rdnance i n Great Britain in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows Pensions

370 12 o Ditto not provided for in the Year 1811.

459, 885 18 2 For Office of Ordnance for^'

Ireland -12, 260 13 10 Ditto on Account of Pay of retired Officers of late Irish Artillery and Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the same 2, 819 18 I For Allowances, See. in the

Nature of superannuated or For the Year 1812. retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows Pensions -

10, 500, 000 o o For discharging o^tstanding Exchequer Bills under

51 G 3. c. 3.

1.500.000 o o Ditto - - c. 4.

8.00. 000 o o Ditto for the Service of the Year 1811.----- c. 85.

5, 5 03, 700 o o Ditto - - --- r. 53.

1.382.000 o o Ditto - - r. 5 4.

2, 647, 900 o o Ditto - - c. 112.

1.000. 000 o o Irish Currency for discharging Trea-

fury Bills under ----- c. 5.

216, 666 13 4 Ditto - - c. 88.

22, 316 19 o To make good like Sumiffued pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

2, 536 17 o Ditto.

Civil Establishments, viz.

34009O Bahama Islands 1, 030 00"

600 o O 8, 450 o o 10, 965 O O

Bermudas or Somer's Islands Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scotia

1

1

1

From 1st Jan. to 31st Dee. 1812.

5>so

A.D. 1812.

XXIV.

C.I54-

5 2 GEO. III.

5, 600

2, 060

3, 100

597i 14, 020 11, 701 2 5, 000 20, 000 12, 000

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

8, 000 o o 3, 800 o o 123, 152 2 O

3, 411 16 o

4, 791 12 1, 718 4 o 800 o o

1, 700 o "8, 050 12

12.000 O

70, 800 o

20.000 O

poo o

For the Year 18x2.

21,000 o o

16, 000 o o

2 poo o o 4, 467 6 6

374  8

3, 300*o o

1>32 5 4

244 16 6

199 13 5 426 12 o 173 12 10

New Bnmfwicl - I Cape Breton - I

Prince Edward Island I From 1st Jan. to Newfoundland - j 31st Dec. 1812.

Sierra Leone -j

New South Wales*J For Forts on Coast of Africa daring 1811, 1812. For American Loyalists For Toulonexe and Corsican Emigrants For Saint Domingo Sufferers For Dutch Emigrants For Clergy and Laity of France

For Emigrants in Jersey and

Guernsey For French Refugee Laity For French Refugee Clergy For Protestant Distenting Ministers in Ireland Ditto England For Superintendence of Aliens For Puolic Office, Bow Street For Convicts at Home For Law Charges For Extraordinary Expences that may be incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to Coin

For Printing for House of Lords, and Printing Acts Parliament For Printing Bills, &c. by Order of House of Commens For Printing Votes For Deficiency of Grant in i8ri, for printing Bills, &c. by Order of House of Commons.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1810, for printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 62. of Journals of House of Commons.

For Stationary for both!

F(S of Sail Martin', ffor lhe Year, 8, z-

in the Fields -

To E. Walmijley Esquire, for preparing V0U.40.41 of Lords Journal for Press. To G. Dideas and J. Church, Equtres for Stationary font to New South Wales. To T. N. IVittwer Esquire, for examining Esfl India Accounts.

To W. Chinwery Esquire, for Stores flip-plied by the HindoJUn at New South Wales.

949

8

T3 0

8

cJ <u

o M

H

*49 19 O

4, 640 11 O

MSS >4 9

126 10 6

84293

118 0 6

271 11 0

39i 11 0

1, 581 8 6

2194 0

2, 546 5 ti

419 3 0

2.604 17

1, 685 2 0

2, 631 4 6

1, 58*90

4285 0

10, 000 0 0

864 11 7i

9 0

To Magfistrates of Thames Police, for Plan for fecimng Shipping in Port of London.

To J. Retd esquire, for Horse Patrole round the Metropolis, for Three Quarters of a Year.

To P. Grant Efauire, Secretary to Commissioners of Military Enquiry, for Expences of said Commissioners.

To E. Walmijley Esquire, for preparing Vol.42. of Lords Journal for Press.

To MefTrs. Gurney Expences on Committees of Houses of Parliament in 1810, 1811.

To J. Whutiy Esquire, for funreying Androjfan Harbour.

To Dr. T' B- Clarke, for Returns of Non-resident Clergy for the Half Year.

To T. J* Mathias Esquire, to pay Bills drawn on R. Cumberland Esquire, as Agent for Nona Scotia,

To W. Watson Esquire, Serjeant at Arms to House of Lords, during^Session 1811.

To J, Clement [on Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms to House of Commons, for Years Rent of House, in lieu of Apartments re- signed at House of Commons.

To T. Telford Efauire, for surveying Holyhead nd Port fat rick Roads.

To Sir/. Colpoys, Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, in part Payment of Fees charged on Receipt of 300, 0001. granted by Parliament, and distributed among Officers and Seamen in Battle of Trafalgar.

To G. Saunders Esquire, for Works done at Fleet and King's Bench Prisons.

To J*. Brodie esquire, for Index to Journals of House of Peers, and Salaries paid by him, See.

To Lord Walsingham^ as Chairman of Committees of House of Peers, during Session 181f.

To E. Stracey Esquire, as Counsel upon Chairman of Committees of House of Peers, during Session 1811.

To /. France Esquire, for Assistance in forming Index to Rolls of Parliament.

To African Committee for repairing, &c. British Forts, &c. on Coast of Africa.

To Wm Chinnery Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Collector of Customs at Antigua, for Care and Support of Cargo of captured Negroes.

To M. Martin esquire, towards carrying into effect a Plan for enquiring into the State of Meadicity of the Metropolis.

354

C. 154.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1811.

354 o

2, 000 O O

6, 7855 3

12

>0

hog

o

e a 55 c ta J3 o*-M

100.000 o 5, 000 o

175.000 o

11,000 o

59, 681 o 40, 611 8

o

o

To Representative* of C. F. Grrvilk Esquire, in Rc-imbursement of Fees paid by them on Receipt of Sum voted by Parliament for purchasing Collection of Minerals.

To B. Eafion Esquire, to discharge Fees paid on passing Public Accounts.

For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores.

T*o the Prince Regent.

For Fees on pamng Public'

Accounts For Foreign and other Secret Services For Sheriffs for Convictions of Felons and Over-payments For In-(

For the Year 1812.

of Part of Annuities under 37 G. 3. c. 9. and 42 G. 3. c. 8.

For the Year 1812.

1, 250 o o For Captain Manly'* Allow- ar.ce and travelling Exigences in carrying into Execution his Plans for saving the Lives of Shipwrecked Manners 4>699 4 4 For repairing Henry the Seventh's Chapel l057 0 o For Half the Charge of a Bridge at Carlisle 1, 880 o o For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houses of Parliament

2, 118 4 7 To the Uftier of the Court of Exchequer for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c.

20, 669 8 2 For Royal Military College 1 From

27259 3 7 Asylum>25th Dec. 1811, to

at Chelsea J 24th Dec. 1812.

*25, 000 o o For Erection of Royal Military College at SandburJ. 5>5 o o For Board of Agriculture 5o, coo o o For Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Westcm Sea, by Invernefc and Fort William

20, 000 o o For Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland H, COO o o For extra Charge for Contingencies ok Three Secretaries of State

6, 000 o o ----- ----- - Mef-

fengers of the Three Secrt> tanes- j

For the Year iSiz-

4*, x6

D. i8u.

52Geo. ni.

c. 154.

867

1^48, 00Q

94

15.000 650

1.700.000 2488

3.000

10.000

3, 600

50, 000

2.500.000 291

3.000

4.000

o o

12 II

7, 405 1,000

4, 530

11, 585

6, 910

7, 734

o o

o o

o o

o o

o o

o o

12

O

*4

4

For the Year 1812.

Mr. Greatbead for hit

For the Year 1812.

23.487 710

7

o o

522 o o

US 13 8

J* Geo. III.

For probable Amount of Bills drawn from New South Wales

For'Deficiency of Grant for 1811, for extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin For Holyhead Harbour For further Remuneration to Invention of the Life Boat*

For Interest on Exchequer Bills.

For Deficiency of Grant for 1811 for reprinting 2 Vols. of Journals and 2 Vols. of Reports of House of Commons.

For Expence incurred in 1812 for Printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 65. of Journals of House of Commons for 1810.

For reprinting 6 Volumes of'

Journals of the House of Commons For Expences incident to Two Houses of Parliament For the 12 Children of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval.

For Relief of East India Company.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1811 to defray Bills of U(hcr of Exchequer for supplying Court, &c, with Stationary, &c.

For National VaccineEftabiilhO ment I

For Bills from abroad on &c. I For^y count of Allowances to j French and Corsican Emi- J grants J

For Royal Naval Asylum from 1st April 1812 to 31st March 1813,

For Trustees of British Museum.

Ditto. for purchasing Books

rcpecting the British I Hands and Possessions of the British Empire.

For Expence of Printing 1, 250 Copies of Vols. 43.

44. and 45. of Journals of House of Peers.

To complete the Shell of New Hospital of Bethlem for 1812.

For Printing by Order of Commissioners of Records, For Commissioners of Public Expenditure iq Military Departments.

To W, Chinnery Esquire' to pay Bills drawn by S. M. Phillips Secretary to To W. Pollock Esquire for Re-imbursement of Fees on Appointment of

KS 8 go

53*3

n

3 x

Commissioners for enquiring into Laws of Election of Jurats, 8cc, iii Jersey.

A.D. 1812.

C. 154.

52*626. ill.

334 4

154 13 6 3, 093 14 o

171 II 0

299 7 o 424 o o 11*672 o o 245 16 o

521 17 o i6t 4 8*

308 8 6

63 3 6 o

426 10 6 1, 161 3 11J

4^3 1 11

3

"S

9

a

c

I

2

E

o

h

To W. Chinnery fefquire to pay Bill drawn by Collector of Cuiloms at the Baiamai for Expences incurred in Distribution of Cargo of Negroes condemned as Prize of War.

To Rev. J. Pridden and J. P. Malcolm for collating Calendar of Lords Journals.

To J* Read Esquire, for Expences of Horse Patrole round the Metropolis, for half a Year, to 5th April 1812.

To Doctor T. B. Clarke for Returns of Non Resident Clergy for half a Year ending 5th Jan. 1812.

To Ditto for extra Expences in preparing Copies called for by Parliament in Two Years, ending 25th March 1810, of Returns to Privy Council under 43 G.3. r.84.

To T. Nettleship Esquire, for publishing Weekly Returns of Average Price d Brown or Muscovado Sugar, for One Year, to ill OR. 1811.

To W. Mellish Esquire, for Supply of Prori* fiops and Articles of first Necemty for Relief of Inhabitants of Danish Settlements in Davis9j Streights.

To E. Walmtfley Esquire, for preparing Vols. 43^ and 44. of Lords Journals for the Press.

To P. Grant Esquire, Secretary to Commissioners of Military Enquiry, for Expences of said Commimoners.

To W. Chinnery Esquire,

To pay Bill dia by Governor Beckwith for Expences under Abolition of Slave Trade Act, for Support of Captured Negroes.

To IV. Speer Esquire,

To the Magistrates of the Thames Polic* for further Expences incurred in carrying into Effect Plan for securing Shipping in Port of London.

To T N. Witt wet Esquire, for examining Eef India Accounts for One Year, to 7th Sept. 1811.

To R.Trowatd Esquire, in discharge of Balance including Interest due to him and the late A. Wallis Esquire, on Account of Impeachment of Warren Hqftings.

To J. Eyles Esquire, Warden of the Fleet, for Expences incurred in Occassional Repair!,

$fiOO


D.iSia.

Si GEO. III.

C, iS4-

8 fy

*3, 000 o o

500 o o

5, 800 2 O

2, 960 8 o Stoco o o 4>436 o 1 60 o o

170 o o 410 4 6

320 o o

30, 000 o o 100, 000 o o

IO, OQO O O

2>95o 7 o

7046s 17 XXV. Irish Currency.

250 o o

200 O O 200 O O

156 O O

200 Q O

g->

s?

"I'cj

O u*> bo O

JS S 0 a

for examining Laws relating to Election of Jurat* in the Island of Jersey.

To /F. Ofyood % and ///

Hobhouse Esquires, and to Me Swabey Doctor of Civil Laws,  1,000 each, for Services performed by them as Commissioners To S. M. Phillips Esquire,

Compensation for Services as Secretary to Commissioners To Officers and Clerks of Tally Court in 0 the Exchequer for levying Tallies from

H 5th Jan. 1809, to 5^ Jan' 1812.

For Charges heretofore paid out of proceed* of Old Naval Stores.

To Mailer Crompton, for Invention of the Machine called The Mule.

For Improvements at Westminster Hally &c.

For Superannuation Allowance to J. PiugOy formerly Assistant Engraver at the For the Year 1812. Mint

- Tp E. Royer,

formerly Clerk in Lottery Office

- Of jfflOOper Ann. to J. Planta

Esquire, formerly ope of Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, from 2 ill June 1811 to 5th Jan. 1813.

To two retired Clerks of Commissioners for auditing public Accounts for 1812.

Towards building a Penitentiary House.

To Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty.

Mint  For Balance of Bills] for Fittings, 8cc. provided lad Yearforworking Rooms,

3cc. and for additional Works

- For Machinery fixed For the Year 1812.

by Mader Rennie, and other extra Works by Bolton and Watt

5>$94 18 4 For Military Roads in North Britain

For Deficiency of Grant* for gii.

[In Ireland*]

Inspector General of Imports and Exports, preparing Accounts of Ireland.

Fird Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts. Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Affidant Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Examinator of Corn Bounties, for keeping Accounts. 3 K 2200

870

XXVI.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

C.I54.

jf 200 o o

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

30.529

10, 500

23, 74892

25, 000 o o

Clerk in Office of Auditor of the Exchequer, forprt-paring Accounts for Parliament.

Board of Works - - For the Year 1812.

Proclamations and other Mat-7 For One Year fruiters in Dublin Gazette, See. j ing 5th Jan. 1815.

Printing, 6cc, for Secretaries'

Offices, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, Ac.

For Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expeoces

2, 500 o o Apprehending Public Offenders

1, 047 10 2

4, 000

2, 856

9, 481

3>95*

8, 900

32, 000

1, 200

From 5th Jan, 1812, t# 5th Jam. 1813.

9 o o

15, 000 o o

10, 000 o o

21, 600 o o

10, 000 o o

5oooo

50, 000

Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin

Incidents of the Treasury -

For Lottery Officers for One Year, due 24th Jnr 1812.

Non-conform ing Miniftm }

Support of Seeing Mi-| f h, h

nifter. from Synod of j tQ

Draining Bogs under 49 G. 3. c. 102.

Harbour of Howth, Works at.

For Printing, &c. 250 Copies of Public Geseral Acts, 52 G.3.

To Commissioners for Enquiry into Fees and Abo&i in Ireland.

Board of First Fruits for building Churches and Glebe Houses, and purchasing Glebes

Trusteea of the Linen and Hem pen Manufactures

Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, Ac.

From 5th Jan. 1812, to 5th Jan, 1813.

For One Year eod-ing5th Jan. 1813 From 5th Jan, 1812,

Farming Society - J 5th Jo*. 1813

Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, towwJ* Building, &c. Churches and Chapels, Ac.

16, 165 o o Commissioners for making' From

2, 500

4^539

30, 250

4i>9<*

o

o

o

o

wide and convenient Streets {> 5th Jan, 1812, to "^5th Jam. 1813

m Dublin Cork Institution For Protestant Charter Schools Foundling Hospital in Dublin House of Industry, Hospitals and Afylumsfor Induitriou* Children in Dublin 23, 666 o o Hibernian Society for Soldiers' \ Children at Dublin - I Marine Society J

2, 826

973

Roman Catholic Seminary

From 5th/oi-1812, t 5th Jam. 2813.

For the Year 181*.

4*1, 806

IX 1812.

871

52 GEO. III. C. 154, ij*.

From 5th Jan. 1812, ta 5 th Jan. 1813.

XXIX.

Female Orphan House near'

Dublin

Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin

Lying-in Hospital in Dublin For erecting Buildings at the East Wing of Sir Patrick Dun98 Hospital in Dublin Doctor Stevens, Hospital at Dublin

For Improvements and Repairs of Saint Patrick's Hospital For 180 Patients in House of Recovery and Fever Hospital in Dublin For Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests Affcciatimi for discounteuan-cing Vice and promoting Christian Religion For Building additional DifTefting Rooms to College of Surgeons at Dublin.

For Green Coat Hospital ofl Q City of Cork - } For the Year 181a.

And it tg hereby also enacted, That the said Aids and Supplies applied

 1, 806 0 0

8, 1647 0 0

3.17* 0 0

3, 016 0 0

M*4 0 0

4, 180 0 0

a, 000 0 0

600 0 0

2, 423 0 0

3*66 0 0

700 p 0

Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not he issued and applied to any for PurPle* U(e, Intent or Puiyofe whatever, other than the Usea and Purposes ore, al " \>efore mentioned, or for the said Dehciency or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament, or to the Payment or Compensation heretofore allowed for or in lieu of the Prisage and Butler-age of Wines in Ireland.

XXX. Rules for Application of Half Pay XXXI. Half Pay to Officers of Marine Fen-cibles

XXXII. ...----- to Chaplains of Regiments A - r

although in Possession of Ecclesi- SJn/ #3*r* l7 % astical Benefices - 34*

XXXIII. Application of Overplus of Sum under 51 G. 3-r.i 17. 15. to reduced Officers

CAP. CLV.

An Act to repeal certain Acts, and amend other Acts relating to Religious Worship and Aflem^Iies and Persons teaching or preaching the rein. ' [29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Acts of Parliament, W made in the Reign of Mif late Majesty King Charles the Second, relating to Non ConformifU and Conventicles, and refuling to take Oaths, should be repealed, and that the Laws relating to certain Congregations and Assemblies for Religious Worship, and

3 K 3 4 Persons

15 & 14 Car. 2. c. i

iy Car. a c. 2.

22 Car. 2. c. i. repeated.

Places of Religious Worship certified and registered.

Certificate

Fee.

[Penalty.]

Teaching, &c. without Consent of Occupiers. Penalty.

Persons teaching, preaching or officiating the rein, and resorting thereto, should be amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the paf&ng of this Act, an Act of Parliament made in the Session of Parliament held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for presenting the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refufng to take lawful Oaths; and another Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for refraining Ken Conformifls from inhabiting in Corporations; and another Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled An Act to present and suppress seditions Conventicles, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Congregation or Assembly for Religious Worship of Protestants (at which there shall be present more than Twenty Persons besides the immediate Family and Servants of the Person in whole House or upon whose Premises such Meeting, Congregation or Assembly shall be had) shall he permitted or allowed, unless and until the Place of such Meeting, if the same shall not have been duly certified and registered under any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to registering Places of Religious Worship, shall have been or shall be certified to the Bishop of the Diocese, or to the Archdeacoa of the Archdeaconry, or to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Couoty, Riding, Divisioo, City, Town or Place in which such Meeting shall be held; and all Places of Meeting which shall be so certified to the Bishop's or Archdeacon's Court, shall be returned by such Court once in each Year to the Quarter Sessions of the County, Riding. Divisioo, City, Town or Place; and all Places of Meeting which shall be so certified to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be also returned once in each Year to the Bishop or Archdeacon; and all such Places shall be registered in the said Bishop's or Archdeacon's Court respectively, and recorded at the said General or Quarter Sessions; the Registrar or Clerk of the Peace whereof respectively is hereby required to register and record the same; and the Bishop or Registrar or Clerk of the Peace to whom any such Place of Meeting shall be certified under this Act shall give a Certificate thereof to such Person or Persons as shall rc-quest or demand the same, for which there shall be no greater Fee nor Reward taken than Two Shillings and Six pence; and every Person who shall knowingly permit or suffer any such Congregation or Assembly as aforesaid to meet in any Place occupied by him, until the same shall have been so certified as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every time any such Congregation or Assembly shall meet contrary to the Provisions of this Act, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justices who shall convict for such Offence.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall teach or preach in any Congregation or Assembly as afcie-said, in any Place, without the Consent of the Occupier thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds,

nor

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C15J. 87

norlefs than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justices who ftafl convict for such Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of Preachers in and this Act, every Person who shall teach or preach at, or officiate in, or Persons resort-shall resort to any Congregation or Congregations, Assembly or f ^.eIlg, ous Assemblies for Religious Worship of Protedants, whole Place of ^ed^nd^Act, Meeting shall be duly certified according to the Provisions of this Act, exempt from*or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the certifying and Penalties of regidering of Places of Religious Worship, shall be exempt from a}l'v & such Pains and Penalties under any Act or Acts of Parliament re- Cf

lating to Religious Worship, as any Person who shall have taken the Oaths, and made the Declaration prescribed by or mentioned in an Act, made in the Fird Year of the Reign of King William and Oueen Mary, intituled An Act for exempting Their Majesty's Protestant Sub-jeBs differing from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, or any Ad amending the said Act, is by Law exempt, as fully and effectually as if all such Pains and Penalties, and the several Ada enforcing the same, Were recited in this Act, and such Exemptions as aforesaid were severally and separately enacted in relation thereto.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person Oaths, tak*a not having taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration herein after by Preachers, specified, who shall preach or teach at any Place of Religious Wor- when required ship certified in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall, when y ^istrate. thereto required by any one Justice of the Peace, by any Writing under his Hand or signed by him, take and make and subscribe, in the Pretence of such Justice of the Peace, the Oaths and Declarations specified and contained in an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled Act jffit 19G. 3.G44. for the further Relief of Protestant Disfenting Mtnifters and School-masters; and no such Person who, upon being so required to take such Oaths and make such Declaration as aforesaid, mail refuse to attend the Justice requiring the same, or to take and make and subscribe such Oaths and Declaration as aforesaid, shall be thereafter permitted or allowed to teach or preach in any such Congregation of Assembly for Religious Worship, until he shall have taken such Oaths, and made such Declaration as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting, for every time he shall so teach or preach, any Sum not exceeding Ten Penalty.

Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice xonviding for such Offence.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That np Person Not compete* shall be required by any justice of the Peace to go to any greater Dif- to omdre than tance than Five Miles from his own Home, or from the Place where Five Miles, he shall be residing at the time of such Requisition, for the Pyrppfe

of taking such Oaths as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of Who may re-

His Majesty's Protestant Subjects to appear before any one Justice of quire Justice of the Peace, and to produce to such Justice of the Peace a printed or

written Copy of the said Oaths and peclaration, and to require such ic^undwAtl.*Justice to administer such Oaths and to tender such Declaration to be

made, taken and subscribed by such Person; and thereupon it fhfdi be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oaths and to tender such Declaration to the Person xequufing to tajte and and subscribe the ft*me; and foefi Person

3 K 4 shall

74

A.D. 1811.

C.ISJ.

GEO. III.

JusticM to giYt Certificate of Oath.

Pet.

Certificate

Evidence.

Teachers taking Oaths, dec exempt from Offices, and from Militia.

iW.kM. S<i. c. 18.

FalCe Certificate*

[Penalty.]

shall take and make and subscribe such Oaths and Declaration in the Presence of such Justice accordingly; and such Justice shall attest the same to be sworn before him, and mall traosmit or deliver the Came to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place for which he shall act as such Justice of the Peace, before or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County, Riding. Division, City, Town or Place.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall make and take and subscribe such Oaths and Declaration as aforesaid, shall forthwith give to ^he Person having taken, made and subscribed such Oaths and Declaration, a Certificate thereof under the Hand of such Justice, in the-Form following; that is to say,

T A.B* one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County*

[Riding, Division, City or Town, or Place, as the case may

of do hereby certify, That C.D. of, &c.

[describing the Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode of dt ' Party ] did this Day appear before me, and did make and take sad < subscribe the several Oaths and Declaration specified in an Act, v made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George theThird, intituled [Jet forth the Title of this Act.-] Witness my Hand

this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And for the making and signing of which Certificate, where the said Oaths and Declaration are taken and made on the Requisition of the Party taking and making the same, such Justice shall be entitled to demand and have a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more: And such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence that the Party named therein has made and taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration in manner required by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall teach or preach in any such Congregation or Assembly, or Congregations or Afleroblies as aforesaid, who shall employ himself solely in the Duties of a Teacher or Preacher, and not follow or engage in lay Trade or Business, or other Prosession, Occupation or Employment, for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster, and who shall produce a Certificate of some Justice of the Peace, of his having taken and made and subscribed the Oaths and Declaration aforesaid, shall be exempt from the Civil Services and Offices specified in the said recited Act passed in the First Year of King fViltiam and Queen Mtty, and from being ballotted to fenre and from serving in the Militia or Local Militia of any County, Town, Parish or Place in any Part of the United Kingdom,

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall produce any false or untrue Certificate or Paper, as and for a true Certificate of his having made and taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declarations by this Act required for the Purpose of claiming any Exemption from Civil or Military Duties as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 which Penalty may be recovered by and to the Use of any Person who will sue for the same by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Recofd at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Seffiom k

Wales,

A.t). ifcis.

*7S

52* CEO. til. C. 155.

Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancajlet and Durham (as the case shall require); wherein no Essoign, Privilege,

Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting, Assembly or Con- Door* of Reli-gregation of Persons for Religious Worship, shall be had in any Place e, jU Assemblies with the Door lockedj bolted or barred, or otherwise fattened, so as J^riC(J 1 or to prevent any Persons entering therein during the time of any such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation 5 and the Person teaching or preaching at such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation, shall forfeit for every time any such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation shall be held with the Door locked, bolted, barred or otherwise fattened as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Penalty. Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justices conviding for such Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, at Disturbing Reli-any time after the passing of this Act, do and shall wilfully and mali- gious Afftrobiie*? ciously or contemptuously disquiet or disturb any Meeting, Assembly or Congregation of Persons assembled for Religious Worship, permitted or authorised by this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or shall in any way ditturb, molett or misuse any Preacher,

Teacher or Person officiating at such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation, or any Person or Persons there assembVd, such Person or Persons so offending, upon Proof thereof before any Justire of the Peace by Two or more credible Witnesses, shall find Two Sureties to be Recognizance, bound by Recognizances in the penal Sum of Fifty Pounds to an- Penalty, fwer for such Offence, and in default of such Sureties shall he committed to Prison, there to remain till the next General or Quarter Seifioma; and upon Conviction of the said Offence at the said General or Quarter Sessions, shall suffer the Pain and Penalty of Forty Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in TWifo for Ec-this Act contained shall affect or be construed to affect the Celebra- clcfi^O'cal Junf-tion of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Qjurch e United Church of England and Ireland, by Ministers of the said

Church, in any Place hitherto used for such Purpose, or being now or here after doly consecrated or licensed by any Archbishop or Bfshop or other Person lawfully authorised to consecrate or license tli?* same, or to affect the Jurisdiction of the Archbishops or Bittiops or other Persons exercising lawful Authority in the Church of the United Kingdom over the said Church, according to the Rules and Discipline of the same, and to the Laws and Statutes of the Realm; but such Jurisdiction shall remain and continue as if this Act had not passed.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act not to ex-Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the People tend 10 usually called Quakers, nor to any Meetings or Assemblies for Religious Worship held or convened by such Persons; or in any manner to alter

or repeal or affect any Ad, other than and except the Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles the Second hereinbefore repealed, relating to the People called Quakers, or relating to any Assemblies or Meetings for Religious Worship held by them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person guilty of any Offender* cm-Offence, for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is imposed by I^ted before this Act, in respect of which no specia! Provision is made, shall and

jpaay bt convicted thereof by Information upon the Oath of any One

or

C.I5S-

52* CEO. in.

A.D. 1812.

Imprifaunent

Appeal after Conviction to General Quarter ieffiooc.

or more credible Witness or witnesses before any Two or more lattices of the Peace adinsz in and for the County, Riding, City or Plate wherein such Offence shall be committed; and that all and every the Forfeiture* pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred or become levied byDiftref*. payable for any Offence or Offences against this Act, shall and bdit be levied by Distress under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City or Place, in which any such Offence or Offences was or were committed, or where the Forfeiture or Forfeitures was or were incurred, and shall wfem levied be paid One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence was committed; and is case of no sufficient Distress whereby to levy the Penalties, or any or either of them imposed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justices respectively before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to commit such Offender to Prison for such time not -ceeding Three Months, as the said Justices in their Discretion (tall think St.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be convicted of any of the Offences puniftabk by this Act, shall conceive him, her or themselves to be aggrieved by such Conviction, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons respectively, and he, she or they (kail or may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace boldes next after such Conviction ia and for the County, Riding, CitT or Place, giving unto the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, Notice in Writing within Right Days after any such Conviction, of his, her or their Intention to prefer such Appeal; and the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions shall and may, arsi they are hereby authorised and empowered to proceed to the Hearisg and Determination of the Matter of such Appeal, and to make fad Order therein, and to award such Costs to be paid by and to either Party, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as they in their Discretion dull think fit.

Limitation cf

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Penalty or Forfeiture Prosecutkm. shall be recoverable under this Act, unless the same shall be sued for, or the Offence in respect of which the same is imposed is prosecuted before the Justices of the Peace or Quarter Sessions, within Six Months after the Offence shall have been committed; and no Prrfoa who shall suffer any Imprisonment for Nonpayment of any Penalty shall thereafter be liable to the Payment of such Penalty or Forfeiture.

Limitation of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Adioa or Suit Anions. shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any

thing done in pursuance of this Act, that every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County wherein the Cause or alleged Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such general Issue. Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter m Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done* or if any such Adioa or Suit shall be brought after the tipve fc> limited.for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any otfyer County, City or Place, that then

and

A.D. 18n. 5a GECX III. C. 155, 15&

and in such case the Jury shall find for such Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pads against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and may recover Treble Costs, and Treble Costs* have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CLVI.

An Act for the more effectual Puntihment of Persons aiding

Prisoners of War to escape from His Majesty's Dominions.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS many Prisoners of War confined and on Parole in different Parts of His Majesty's Dominions have of late escaped by the Aid and Assistance of many of His Majesty's Subjects and others; and it is necessary to repress such Practices and Violations of the Allegiance due to His Majesty and of the Law g by more effectual Punishmentj' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Aiding Prisoners Person who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, knowingly of War to and wilfully aid or assist any Alien Enemy of His Majesty, being a sfcape. Prisoner of War in His Majesty's Dominions, whether such Prisoner shall be confined as a Prisoner of War in any Prison or other Place of Confinement, or shall be suffered to be at large in His Majesty's Dominions or any Part thereof on his Parole, to escape from such Prison or other Place of Confinement, or from His Majesty's Dominions, if at large upon Parole, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be liable to be transported as a Felon for Life, Tnnfportation. or for such Term of Fourteen or Seven Years, as the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadea, That every Person Aiding though who shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist any such Prisoner at notaflifting Pri* large on Parole in quitting any Part of His Majesty's Dominions jnerin ^u, ltiu5 where he may-be on his Parole, although he shall not aid or assist such 08 Person in quitting the Coast of aBy Part of His Majesty's Dominions,

{hail be deemed guilty of aiding the Escape of such Person under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons AfEfting on

owing Allegiance to His Majesty, after any such Prisoner as aforesaid High Sew Pri-hath quitted the Coast of any Part of His Majesty's Dominions in> escape.

such his Escape as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully upon the

High Seas aid or assist such Prisoner in his Escape to or towards any other DominioBS or Place, such Person shall also be adjudged guilty Transpertatwn.

of Felony, and be liable to be transported as aforesaid 5 and such

Offences committed upon the High Seas and not within the Body

of any County, shall and may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined Oftencw whsrs

and xtlvL

Offences tried otherwise than under Provisionsf Ail

Tokens not issued.

'Makin;, &c. Tokens.

[Penalty.]

Tokens not to circulate after 15th March

1^x3.

0.156, 157. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

and adjudged in any County within the Realm, in like xnaxmer as if such Offences had been committed within such County,

IV. And be it also enacted, That this Act shall not be deemed or taken to prevent any Person, committing any Offence mentioned in this Act, from being prosecuted, in such manner as be might by Lav have been prosecuted if this Act had not passed; but nevertheless 00 Person prosecuted otherwise than under the Provisions of this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under the Provisions hereof; and no Person prosecuted under the Provisions of this Act shall for the same Offence be liable to be otherwise prosecuted.

CAP. CLVII.

An Act to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other"Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS various Pieces of Gold or Silver, and mixed

Metals composed in Part of Gold or Silver, usually deoominated Tokens, have lately been and are issued and circulated bj Persons residing in various Parts of the United Kingdom, in grot Quantities, for nominal Sums of Money usually expressed them*, much above the real Value of the Metals of which the same art composed: And whereas it is expedient that the further makisg

and issuing of such Tokens should be prohibited, and that the Crrculation of those already made or issued should also be prohibited after a limited Period May it therefore please Your Majesty tkt it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembH and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the paiii? of this Act, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or mixed Metal compotai in Part of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the same may be, feaO be made or manufactured, or originolly issued as a Token for Moor, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to <k-mand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise, whether such Value is to be |paid or given is Money or Goods, or in any manner whatsoever; and every Peiiofi who shall after the passing of this Act make or manufacture, or originally issue or cause or procure to be made, manufactured or origioa&y issued, or permit or suffer to be so issued on his or her Behalfss for any nominal Value in Money or Goods, any such Token, shall for every Token so made, manufactured or issued, or procured or per-rotted to be so made, manufactured or issued as aforesaid, forfeit mt Sum not less than Five Pounds or more than Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear sad determin? such Offence.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteea, #0 Piece of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal composed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the same may be, shall pals or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks Or otherwise, whether such Value

A.D. 1812.

52#Geo. in c. 157. 879

to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or in any manner whatsoever; and every Person who shall after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, circulate or pass, as for any nominal Value in Money or Goode, any such Token, shall for every such Token so circulated or passed, whether such Person shall be or have been concerned in the original issuing or circulation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Five Pounds, nor Penalty, more than Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be cotiftrued to extend to prevent any Person from presenting any such Token for Payment to the original Issuer thereof, or to discharge or excuse any Original Issuer. such original Issuer from his Liability to pay the same.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act not to*-Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Tokens

issued or circulated by or under the Authority of the Governor and ireiand?-

Company of the Bank of England, or by or under the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively, or

in any manner to affect any such Tokens or the Circulation thereof,

or to subject any Company or Companies, or Person or Persons to

any Penalty for issuing or circulating any such Tokens.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justices em-Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City powered to hett or Place within which any Offence again Ik this Act shall be committed, determine to hear and determine the same in a summary way; and such Justice.ences'

or Justices upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, shall summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise (which Oath such Justice or Justices is pr are hereby authorised to administer) shall convidi the Offender, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be furn- Witnesses net moned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, attending.

either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time or Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to Penalty, be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as are directed for Recovery of other Penalties under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices be- Form of Co*h fore whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause viction,

the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following $ that k to (ay,

4 B^ lt renumbered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

4 A.B. having appeared before me [or, us] one [or, more]

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [as the case may he] for the County, Riding, City or Place [<w the case may and due Proof having been made upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or

Witnesses,

Clerks of the Peace to give Copies.

Penalties how levied and

Form of Warrant of Distrefi.

Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party [at the case may be] is eoo-

vifted of LJfectfying Offence]. Given under

my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year

aforesaid.'

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, Riding, City or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City or Place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed by hhn under the Directwns of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Person convicted as follows, one Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the^Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and in case such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices to prosecute any Appeal against such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distrefi and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which said Warrant of Distrefi the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the Manner apd Form following; that is to say,

To the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of TX WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of

is this Day convicted before me [or, us] one [or, more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [*r the rease may be] for the County of [or, for the

Riding of the County of York,] [or, for the Town, Liberty or District of at the case may be] upon the Oath of

or a credible Witness or Witaefles

[or, by Confession of the Party, at the case may be] for that the said A.B. hath [here set forth the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided, by reason whereof the fiud A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be distributed as herein

is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay; these are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of him the said A.B., and if within the Space of Days next after

such Distress by you taken, the said Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking the same, shall not be paid, then that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you aistrained, and out of the Money anting by such Sale, that you do pay One Half of the said Sum of to of

apformrd me [or, us, at the cafeflail be] of the said Offence, and

52 GEO. III. C. 157.

Ml

the other Half of the said Suth of to the Overseer

of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the said A. Bthe reasonable Charges of taking, keeping and felling the said Distress being first deducted; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you certify the same to me

[or ns, as the case Jhatt he] together* with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, Hands and Seals] the Day of in the Year of Our Lord /

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Securities takes ustice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in safe Cuf- for Appearance*, ady until Return may conveniently be had and made to such War-

ant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Ap-earance before the said Justice or Justices on such Day as shall be ppointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return f the said Warrant of Distress, (such Day not exceeding Five Daysom the taking of such Security) which Security the said Justice or ustices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance r otherwise.

X. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no suffi- Offenders com- ient Distress can be had, then and in such case the said Justice or mitted for wane ustices shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol Distress.

r House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division or Place 'here the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of Three Calen-ar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or niefs or until such Offender, thinking him or berfelf aggrieved by ich Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or she in-mds to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to he holden for the County, Riding r Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Justice or Justices, with Two sufficient ureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of nd pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter essions; which Notice of Appeal, being not less than Eight Days efore the Trial thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby em-owered to give; and the said Justices at mch Sessions, upon due 'roof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering ito such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes id Matters of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Cods > the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices tall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions tall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled Parishioner* om being a Witness in any ProsecutionTor any Offence against this Wimefle*.

by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Parish wherein such offence was committed.

XII. Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had touching Convidkms net le Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against removed, lis Act, shall be quaftied or vacated for want of Form, or be removed y Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, Gntmtru

into

Appeal.

>82

Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

Treble Coftt.

|4 O. $190.

0.157, 158. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ar Westminster or elsewhere.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Mouths after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and the Lme and every such Action or Suit shall be brought wkhin the County where the Fad was commitied, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General [flue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in purfuat ce and by the Authority of this Act 5 and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or ir any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid-in nny other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* shall become No.suit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

CAP. CLVIII. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, and of an Act passed in this present Session for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to die like Stocks and Annuities, to all other transferable Stocks and Funds.

[29th July i#n.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the

V v Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for the Rt-

lief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or mterefed in the several Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England,

Provision is made for the Transfer and Receipt of Dividends under and by the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or of the Court of Exchequer, of and on Stocks and Annuhin transferable at the Bank of England, (landing in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who being Trustee or Trustee*, or the legal personal Representative or Representatives of any such Person or Persons, shall be absent, out of the Jurisdiction, or not amenable to the Process of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, or who are Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Lunatic or Lunatics, or who shall refuse to transfer the Stock or Annuities legally vested in him,

her or them, or to receive or pay over the Dividends of such Stock or Annuities to the Person or Persons beneficially entitled thereto, or in case it is uncertain or unknown whether such Trustee or Tru 4 tees, Representative or Representative*, is or are living or dead j 4 and by the same Afcl Provision is made for the Transfer, under the Direction of the Lord Chancellor, of Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, (landing in the Names of Persons

declared

i8tx

GEO. III. C. 158.

*3

glared or adjudged Bankrupt in his, her or their own Right, and Receipt of the Dividends of such Stock and Annuities; and by  j,

: same Ad Provision is made for Transfer, under the like Direc-

n, of Stock and Annuities transferable at the Bank, (landing in

i Name or Names of a Lunatic or Lunatics in his, her or-their

n Right, or in the Name or Names of the Committee or Com-

ttees of his, her or their Estate or Estates, in Trust for the said

matic or Lunatics, or as Part of his, her or their Property: And

lereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, inti-

ed an Act for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity, 51 G. 3. c. 31.

it led to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds

\usferr able at the Bank of England, it is enacted, that it shall be vfnl for the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer to order and red. all or any Dividends due to any Infant or Infants, on any of e public or other Stocks, Funds or Annuities, transferrable in e Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Enfktnd, mdinpr in the Name or Names of such Infant or Infants, and to hich such Infant or Infants is or are beneficially entitled, to be lid for the Use and Benefit of such Infant or Infants: And hereas it is expedient that the Operation of the said Acts re-ectively should be extended to South Sea Stock, East India Stock, id all other transferrable Stocks, Annuities and Funds; Be it reforc enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the thority of the same, That all and every the Provisions and Enact- Extended to its in the said several Acts contained, in any ways relating to any South Sea, East cks or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, or trail I- ^dia able in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of 01*toc"' stand, or to any Dividends on such Stocks or Annuities, shall be med and construed to extend, and are hereby extended to South Stock, East India Stock, and all other Stocks, Annuities and nds transferrable or to be made transferrable in the Books of the tih Sea Company, or in the Books of the United Company of rchanta of England trading to the East Indies, or in the Books any other Company or Society established or to be established, and the Dividends payable thereon respectively, as fully as if such eral Provisions and Enadments mutatis mutandis were here inserted Length.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases in which Court of CHia* the said first recited Act any Ad is directed to be done by the eery to five ttooootant General, or the Secretary or Deputy Secretary for the neeeflkry Ordsn le being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ t lame Acts, so far as they relate to South Sea Stock, East Indiack, or any other Stocks or Annuities to which the Enadments 1 Provisions of the said recited Ada are hereby extended, shall be oe by such Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the ral Order8 of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, dr the Lord High Chancellor, under the Authority of which such' r' flU respectively are to be done.

III. And be it enacted, 'That this present Act shall be, and it Acts dons tinierJ ytbj declared to be, a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge Ad not in*, the South Sea Company, the East India Company, and all other ptachsd, jHnpanics and Societies, and their Officers and Servants, for all, jt Grto. III. 3 L thinga

1*4

C.IJM59-

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

things don6 or permitted to be done pursuant thereto* and that the same shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Lav or Equity to their Prejudice or Detriment.

CAP. CLIX.

An Act for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of such Liquors and Tobacco.

[29th July 1812.]

4 \\ T WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether Foreign Liquor*

W and Tobacco derelict, Jetfam, Hot fa in, Lagan or Wreck,

brought or comine into this Kingdom, are by the Laws now in

force subject and liable to the Payment of Duties; and such

Foreign Liquors and Tobacco have by reason of such Doubts ben

foretimes told and carried into Consumption without any Dutiff having been paid for or in respect thereof, to the great Loss of His Majesty's Revenue, and Injury of Persons dealing in such Liquor- and Tobacco, for or in respect whereof the Duties have been pad on Importation Be it therefore declared and enacted by tbf King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefer

Liquors tad Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ThatiH

Tobacco dtrelict, such Liquors and Tobacco derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan orc. liable to Wreck, brought or coming into this Kingdom, are and shall be fib-

Pucks. jest and liable to the Payment of the same Duties as Liquors wi

Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported, are by any Lav oc Laws now in force subject and liable to, and shall also be entitled to such Drawbacks, and be subject to such Allowances and Abatement as Liquors and Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported are e-titled and subject to; aoy Law, Custom or Usage to the couture not with Handing.

Regulations IL And, for the better securing the Payment of the Duties spoi

observed for such Liquors and Tobacco respectively, be it further enacted, Tha, ecuring Duties, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twel*, all and every Person and Persons bringing into this Kingdom, or ending or discovering on the Coasts of this Kingdom, wj Foreign Liquors or Tobacco derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Customs or Exbfoii by Law imposed, shall, within Twenty four Hours next after he, for or they shall have so brought, found or discovered such Liquors er Tobacco, if the same be found on Land, or within Twenty four Hours next after the same shall have been landed, if the same be food at Sea, give Notice thereof to the next Custom House or Esaie Office, or to some neighbouring Officer of Customa or Excise, spe cifying the Place where such Liquors or Tobacco then lie or are deposited, and the proper Officers of Customs and Excise shall thereupon forthwith taice a particular Account of the Kinds and Quantities of such Liquors or Tobacco, and shall demand of the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Liquors or Tobacco may be, or who v shall have found or brought to land, the same, the full Duties of Cuf- (

toms and Excise due in respect thereof; and in case such Duties doll not on such Demand be paid by such Person or Persons, the said Offi- 1 er of Cuiloms or Eiccifc shall cause such Liquors or Tobacco to be \

'Mij

3. 181a.

52 GEO. nr.

C. 159. J8j

v and securely lodged and deposited in a Warehouse or Ware-es, to be kept in such Warehouse or Warehouses under Hi* ffty'a Lock, until the Duties of Customs and Excise payable for respe<& thereof shall be paid and satisfied, or until such Liquors or acco shall be sold in manner herein after mentioned; and if any bn or Persons shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One sand eight hundred and twelve, bring into this Kingdom, or find ifcover on the Coatls of this Kingdom, any Foreign Liquors or acco dere)i&, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in respt& reof any Duty of Customs or Excise is by Law imposed, and not give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, every such Person and ons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty, nds; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the Fifth of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, remove, open ter in Quantity or Quality, or cause to be removed, opened or ed in Quantity or Quality, or aid or assist in the removing, opening Itering in Quantity any or Quality, any such Liquors or Tobacco, reak, fever or destroy, or cause to be broken, fevered or destroyed, d or affill in the breaking, fevering or destroying any of the s or Packages containing any such Liquors or Tobacco before Liquors or Tobacco shall have been taken an Account of by proper Officers of Customs and Excise as aforesaid, and before laid Liquors or Tobacco shall be by them lodged and deposited Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, every such Person and ons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Liquors and Tobacco Penalty. ?dively so removed, opened or altered in Quantity or Quality, to-ter with the Casks and other Packages respectively containing same, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may lized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise: Provided iys, that if the Duties on such Liquors and Tobacco shall not 3aid or discharged within Eighteen Months next after the said uors and Tobacco shall be lodged and deposited in such Ware-fe or Warehouses as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Gommif-irs of Customs or Excise, and they are hereby respectively autho- and empowered to sell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco ny Part thereof, for and towards the satisfying the Duties payable dpctt of such Liquors and Tobacco, and -also the Costs, Chargea Expences attending the conveying such Liquors and Tobacco to 1 Warehouse or Warehouses, and of the keeping and Sale of such uors and Tobacco, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the lies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of the said Duties,

I?, Charges and Expences, to such Person or Persons as shall be Law entitled to the same; and if upon such Liquors and Tobacco ig put up or offered to Sale, no Person or Persons shall offer or for the same as much or more Money than the Duties payable in ed thereof, together with the Warehouse Rent, Costs, Charges Expences taken together would amount to, then and in such case lall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise, they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to permit Person or Persons by Law entitled to the same, to expose or to and dispose thereof for Exportation only, subject to the usual filiations in such cases, or if such Person or Persons should refuse Q do, then to sell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco for Ex-

|8 6

Frorifo.

C. 159.

1* GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Goods retained in Custody of Owner for One Year, if Bond entered into lor Payment of Duties.

drafting

Offices >.

[Penalty.]

Penalties sued for under Cul-t>ms, bow levied.

Penalties sued for under Excise kew levitd

port at ion, or to destroy the same, as such Commissioners respectively may deem most expedient: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent any such Liquors or Tobacco as the said Comraissioners may deem necessary for that Purpose being fold Duty free, for the Payment of the Salvage Expences incurred in respect thereof.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Lord of the Manor on which such Liquors or Tobacco shall be found, bating by Law just Claim thereto, or where no such Lord of the Maac; shall exist, then the Person or Persons bringing into this Kingdom, or finding or discovering on the Coasts thereof, any such Foreign Liquor or Tobacco, shall be at Liberty to retain the same in his, ber or their own Custody or Possession for the Space of One Year and One Day, to be computed and reckoned from such bringing, finding cr discovering thereof, on his, her or their entering into Bond to Kb Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Two furacient Sureties to be approved of by the proper Officer of Customs or Excise in Treble the Value of such Liquors or Tobacco, as the case may require, for the due Payment of the Duties for or in respect thereof at the Esl and Expiration of such Year and Day, or in Default of such Pfcytret: toreftorc such Liquors and Tobacco at the End or Expiration of such Year and Day to the proper Officer or Officers of the CustoEi or Excise, in the same State and Condition as the same was or were; at the time of such bringing, finding or discovering thereof; ay thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise m>twi& standing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or PcH whatsoever shall assault, resist, oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder sr Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Executioc i this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby girei ar

f ranted to any such Officer or Officers, all and every such Person sr ersons so offending shall forfeit for each and every such Offence & Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be foed for or pmfecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permission of the Commissioners of the Customs iu England and Scotland respedirely, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall and may befoei for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means and methods as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Coftow may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers of the Customs concerned in any fori Seizures or Prosecutions shall be entitled to and receive such Shared the Produce arising from the said Seizures as they are now by L* entitled to upon Prosecution of Seizures for unlawful Importance and to such Share of the Produce arising from any such Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are no* by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, created and imposed, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be sued for, recovered,

---

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. c. 159, 160. 887

levied or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CLX.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS great Distress is suffered by poor Persons confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols, in consequence of their not receiving any Allowance whereon to subsist during the time of such Confinement: may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of same,

[Justice to order Parochial Relief to Debtors in Gaols not County Gaols.]

That it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace acting for the County, Riding or Division wherein any Gaol (which is not a County Gaol) is situated, to order the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein any such Gaol (which is not a County Gaol) shall be situated, to relieve any poor Person who shall be confined in such Gaol under Mesne Process for Debt, and who shall appear to such Justice to be unable to support himself or herself, and who shall have applied for Relief to such Overseers as aforesaid.

[Sum limited.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sum to be given for the Relief of any such poor Person shall not exceed Six pence per Diem, during the time of his or her Confinement in such Gaol under Mesne Process for Debt.

[Legal Settlement of Debtor ascertained.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of any such Parish, Township or Place to whom any such Application for Relief shall he made as aforesaid, if they shall doubt whether such poor Person is legally settled in such Parish, Township or Place, shall cause him or her to be examined upon Oath before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching his or her last legal Settlement, upon which Examination it shall be lawful for Justices to make an Order for the Removal of such poor Person to the Place of his last legal Settlement,

[Order of Removal suspended while Debtor imprisoned,]

and to suspend the Execution of such Order of Removal during the time of such Person being confined in such Gaol under such Mesne Process, which Suspension of the same shall be indorsed on the said Order, and signed by such Justices, and the subsequent Permission to execute the same shall be also indorsed on the said Order, and signed by such Justices, or by any other Two Justices of the Peace acting for the same County, Riding or Division.

[Served on Overseers of the Poor of Parish.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a Copy of the Order of Removal, and of the Order for suspending the Execution of the same as aforesaid, shall, as soon as may be after the making thereof respectively, be served upon the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish,

888 C. 160. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Township or Place in which such poor Person shall by such Order of Removal be adjudged to be legally settled.

[Overseers to repay Expence attending Pauper.]

V. And be it further enacted, That although such poor Person shall not have been actually removed in pursuance of such Order of Removal as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to direct the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place in which such Pauper is adjudged to be settled, to repay to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Gaol shall be situated, all the Charges proved upon Oath of any such Overseers of the Parish, Township or Place where the Gaol is situated, to have been incurred in granting Relief to such Pauper during the time of his Confinement and the Suspension of such Order, not exceeding Six pence per Diem;

[In case of Refusal, Money advanced levied by Distress.]

and if the Overseers of the Parish, Township or Place to which such Order of Removal shall be made, or any or either, of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Sum so advanced as aforesaid within Twenty one days after Demand thereof, and shall not within the same time give Notice of Appeal as herein after mentioned, it shall be lawful for One Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the, Money so directed to be paid as aforesaid to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same, and also such Costs attending the same, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall direct; and if the Parish, Township or Place to which the Removal was ordered to be made, be without the Jurisdiction of the Justice of Peace issuing the Warrant, then such Warrant shall be transmitted to any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction within such Parish, Township or Place as aforesaid, who upon Receipt thereof is hereby authorised and required to indorse the same for Execution:

[Appeal.]

Provided nevertheless, that if the Sum so ordered to be paid on account of such Costs and Charges exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Order may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding or Division in which such Gaol is situated, against the same, as they may do against an Order for the Removal of poor Persons by any Law now in being, and if the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be of Opinion that the Sum so awarded be more than of Right ought to have been directed to be paid, such Court may and is hereby directed to strike out the Sum contained in the said Order, and insert the Sum which in the Judgment of the said Court ought to be paid, and in every such case the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall direct that the said Order so amended shall be carried into Execution by the said Justices by whom the Order was originally made, or either of them, by such other Justice or Justices as the said Court shall direct.

[Appeal.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such poor Person shall, by such Order of Removal, be adjudged to be legally settled, to appeal against such Order to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division in which such Gaol is situated, holden after the Service of the Copy of such Order of Removal, in case such Copy shall have been served upon such Overseers Twenty one Days before the holding of such Quarter Sessions, but in case the same shall not be served Twenty one Days before the holding of such next General Quarter Sessions, then the Appeal may be to the next succeeding General

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 160, 161. 889

Quarter Sessions holden for the said County, Riding or Division, and upon such Appeal the like Proceedings maybe had as are observed in other cases of Appeals against Orders of Removal of poor Persons by any Law now in being:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that in case such Order of Removal and Suspension is not appealed against in manner aforesaid, or if upon Appeal such Order shall be confirmed, such poor Person shall be deemed and taken to be legally settled in the Parish, Township or Place in which he shall by such Order of Removal be adjudged to be legally settled.

[In case Pauper no legal Settlement in England or Wales, Allowance paid out of County Rate.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any poor Person applying for Relief under the Provisions of this Act shall, upon his Examination as to his last legal Settlement, be found not to be legally settled in any Parish, Township or Place within England and Wales, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace to order the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein the Gaol is situated (in which such poor Person shall be confined under Mesne Process for Debt) to relieve such poor Person with a Sum not exceeding Six pence per Diem out of the Funds in their Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor, which Sum shall be re-imbursed to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township or Place, for the Use of such Funds, out of the County Rate, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Division in which such Parish, Township or Place shall be situated, at the Expiration of the Confinement of such poor Person upon such Mesne Process as aforesaid.

CAP. CLXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclesiastical Purposes.

[29th July 1812.]

---

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the $40.3.0.75. 'etter Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, reciting and repeal-ng a Proviso contained in an Act, made in the First Year of the leign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, b far as the same was contrary to any of the Provisions of the aid Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign s A.nd whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve she Land 48 G. 3. C. 73. Revenue of the Crown of England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, it was enacted, that where any Land or Ground 3 L 4 \ belonging

jf

*9*

C.i6r.

52 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

belonging or thereafter to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, or of the Duchy of Lane aft er> shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Ap-

purtenances to be used and enjoyed with any House or Houses or

Buildings erected or to be erected upon Ground belonging either

to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietors, it mould be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to demise or grant such Land or Ground to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal

of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Date or making any such Lease or Grant respectively; or if any such Lease or Grant be made to take Effect in Reversion or Expedancy, that the Term and Estate thereby to be granted, together with the Term or Estate, Terms or Estates iii Possefliota- and in the same Lands and Grounds should not exceed Ninety n*ae

Years, computed from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid;

and it Was thereby further enacted, that no Land or Ground for Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any Houses or Buildings nolden or to be holdea uoda any Lease from His Majesty, or His Royal Predecessors, should be granted or demised for any Term or Estate exceeding in Duratica the Term or Estate for which the Houses or Buildings to which such Land or Ground should be so attached as Garden, Yard,

Curtilage or other Appurtenances should be holden: And wherm it would tend much to the Improvement of the Revenues belonging to His Majesty in Right of His said Duchy of Lancaster, if the Power of granting Leases for the Erection, repairing or rebuilding of Houses and other Buildings, on Lands within the Surrey of the said Duchy, and of Gardens, Curtilages and Appurtenances to he used therewith, were enlarged, and ifthe Provisions in the said it-

cited Ad of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty wert extended to Leases granted under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coo* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thu present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Proviso in the said Act of the First Year of

auecn jinne contained, so far as the same is contrary to any of mmj e Provisions of this Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; Ipafe Lands for and that when any Land or Ground belonging or hereafter to belor.g to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy cf Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper for the Erection of Houses or Other Buildings thereupon, or for the necessary Garden*, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed therewith, and shall b by their Order directed to be referred or set apart and appropriated to that Use; or w'here the Lessee or Grantee, Lessees or Grantees shall agree and covenant to ered Buildings thereon of greater Yearly VJue than the Land or Ground so to be Jcafed pr granted$ or where the grealeft Part of the Yearly Value of

any

t Ann. Star x.

c. 7* $6-repealed.

building on.

A.D. 181a

C. 161

5 2 GEO. III.

i9t

any Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, doth or shall at the time of making any Lease or Grant thereof consist of any Building or Buildings thereupon; in all and every or any of such cases it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demise or grant the Land or Ground so directed to be set apart as aforesaid, or the Tenements or Hereditaments of the Description last aforesaid respectively, to aay Person or Persons, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Seal or Seals of the said Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, for any Term or Estate, so as such Term or Estate do not exceed Ninety nine Years or Three Lives, to be computed from the Date or making of any such Lease or Grant respectively; or if any such Lease or Grant be made to take Effect in Reversion or Expectancy, then that the Term and Estate thereby to be granted, together with the Term Or Estate, Terms or Estates in Possession of and in the same Land and Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, shall not exceed Ninety nine Years or Three Lives, computed from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid, and so as tho respective Rents herein after specified or reserved for the same $ that is to say, where there shall happen to be any substantial Building o Buildings upon the Ground to be demised, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon shall not require or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there shall be refeived to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an annual Rent or Rents, not being less than Two Third Parts of such annual Sum as shall be deemed by the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the time being, a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Building or Buildings and Ground respectively, for the Term and Estate intended to be granted of and in the same, and so as there be paid to the Use of His M*A -

Part of such annual Sum as aforesaid, subject to a shall not be computed at a higher Rate than the highest legal Interest at the time of making any such Grant or Lean*; and when there shall happen to be no substantial Building upon the Land or Ground to be demised, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon required or should be intended and agreed to be forthwith rebuilt, or other new Buildings to be erected upon such Land or Ground, then and in that case there shall be reserved such annual Rent or Rents as shall be deemed by the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the time being, to be a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Land and Ground and old Buildings respectively for the Term and Estate intended to be granted of and in the same, without taking any Fine for the same, and so as in every Lease or Grant of Land or Ground and Buildings of the Description last aforesaid, there be contained a Covenant or Condition, on the Part of the Lessee or Grantee, for the erecting of proper and substantial Houses or other Buildings thereon, within a reasonable time to be in such cases limited for that Purpose, and such other Covenants for keeping Buildings in Repair, and doing all such other Acts as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the time being shall think reasonable, and so as all and every such Rent and Rents be reserved to be paid free and clear of all manner of Taxes and Assessments whatsoever, for and during the whole of the Term or Terms to be granted or demised, except fuel* Rent or such Part thereof, during such Part of such Term o

and Successors, a Fine or Fines to the Amount

Termi

C.i6i.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

Terms as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lsncaster for the time being fhaliin arty case, think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any case the Term of Three Years, and so as every such Grantee or Lessee, Grantees or Lessees, shall and do duly sign, seal and deliver a Counterpart or Counterparts of his, her or their respective Grant or Lease, Grants or Leases; and that all and every such Grants and Leases so made as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law; any thing contained in the said Act of the Fir! Year of Queen Anne> or any other Act, to the contrary notwith-standing.

48 G. 3. c. 73. 4

II. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth

4 Year of His present Majesty, it was enabled. That whenever it

should appear to the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, that it won Id be to the Advantage of the Land Revenue of the Crow* 4 to exchange any Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs' or Successors, for Land of equal or nearly equal Value, belonging to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and such other Person or Persons, or Bodies, should

consent to such Exchange, it should be lawful for the Surveyor General of the said Duchy to cause the Value as well of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land proposed to be exchanged for such Land of His Majesty, to be ascertained by (owe able and practical Surveyor of Laud, who should annex to his Survey, Estimate or Valuation thereof, when completed, an Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) taken and

subscribed by him before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively thereby authorised to administer an Oath or Affirmation in that Behalf, according to the Tenor and Effect therein mentioned, which Oath and Affirmatio* 4 so taken and subscribed should be filed with the Survey and Eiliraate in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy; and the said Surveyor General of the said Duchy should report to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, the Grounds of his Recommendation of the proposed Exchange, together with the said Valuation of the respective Parcels of Land; and if the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy should, upon due Confederation had, approve of such Exchange taking place, they should authorize the proper Officers of the said Duchy to carry the same into Effect,

upon such Terms and Conditions as they should think fit, provided the same should be assented to by the Person or Persons, or Body,

with whom such Exchange is proposed to be made, and the said Chancellor should thereupon cause the said Parcel of Land be-

longing to His Majesty to be conveyed to the said Person or Per-

fous or Bodies respectively, with whom the said Exchange was proposed to be made; and such Person or Persons, or Body, should at the same time convey to the said Chancellor and Council, ia Trust for and on the Behalf of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of his said Duchy, the said Parcel or Parcels

# of Land so agreed to be given in Exchange for such Parcel or Pareels of Land as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Completion of such Exchange, the said Parcels of Land so belonging to His Majesty, and given in Exchange as aforesaid, fhcmld veil

g 4

A.D. 1811.

C.i 61

z GEO. III.

*91

in the Person or Persons, or Body, to whom the same was conveyed,

for the same Estate or Interest, and as fully and effectually as the said Parcels of Land so given in Exchange did before fqch x-

change; and the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, should vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

in Right of his Duchy as fully and effectually, and be subject to the same Application, as the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to such Person or Persons, or Body, was vested in him before

such Exchange: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Form of the Conveyance in cases of Exchange, empowered by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty Be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear I^bts, n Form to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, that such Ex*, n cafeTof Exchange can be carried into Effect with Advantage to His Majesty, changes of his Heirs and Successors, according to the Regulations directed by Land within Or-the said, it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and Council, dering and Su*-and they are hereby empowered to grant and convey to the said Per- vey retuovcd* son or Persons, or Bodies, respectively, with whom the said Exchange is proposed to be made, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

Parcel of the said Duchy or County Palatine, in the Name of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Seal or Seals of the said Duchy or County Palatine; and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, shall at the same time convey to the said Chancellor and Council, in Trull for and on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of his said Duchy or County Palatine, the said Parcel or Parcels of Land so agreed to be given in Exchange as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Completion of such Exchange, the Lid Parcels of Land so belonging to His Majesty, and

fiven in Exchange as aforesaid, shall vest in the Person or Persons, or lody, to whom the same is conveyed, for the same Estate or Interest, and as fully and effectually as the said Parcel of Land so given in Exchange did before such Exchange; and the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, shall vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of his said Duchy and County Palatine, as fully and effectually, and be subject to the lame Application as the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to such Person or Persons, or Body, was vested in him before such Exchange; any thing in the said Act or any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth 48 G. 3. c.

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was enabled, That it 

should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to dc- mise or grant any Land or Ground belonging to His Majesty, hia Heirs and Successors, within the Ordering or Survey of the Exchequer and of the Duchy of Laneaflery which Should be deemed fit and proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances,

to be used and enjoyed with any House or Houses or Buildings erected or to be erected upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietor, for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Date or making such Lease or Grant respectively u 4 And whereas it is expedient that the said Power should be extended so as to enable His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to demise or grant for a like Term or Estate, any Land or Ground which shall be

C. t6t.

A.D. 1812.

Sy4

His Majesty may demise Lands for hardens, Arc.

3f&40 G. > c* 86.

ft9*

5 G. 3* c. Ii6.

ft*.

t G. 3. c. 94.

5a9 GEO. III.

be deemed fit and proper to be used or appropriated for any other Purposes calculated to afford Accommodation or Convenience to

the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any such House or Houses, or

Buildings, although the same may not be demised with or attached

to any such House or Houses or Buildings, or let as fora Garden,

' Yard or Curtilage thereto Be it therefore further enacted, That where any Land or Ground belonging or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering or Survey aforesaid, shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissionro of the Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper to be let or used for or appropriated to any Purpose calculated to afford Convenience or Accommodation to the Occupiers or Inhabitants of any House or Houses eredfed or to be erected upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietor or Proprietors, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to demise or gnat such Land or Ground to any Person or Persons, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Date or making thereof, with all such Powers, Privileges and Authorities as may bethought fit and requisite for the effecting or promoting the Objcdl and Intent of such Demise or Grant, so as there be referred upon every such Demise cr Grant such annual Rent or Rents as shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury, or the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, a reasonable Consideration for every such Demise or Grant, without taking any Fine for the same.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament holden it the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest is the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, a Power was given to the Commissioners of the Treasury, for Ten Years, from and after the passing of that Ad, to contract for the Exchange of any of the Waste Lands, lying in the New Forest belonging to the Crown, in the manner therein mentioned, for any other Lands lying in the same Forest belonging to Individuals, of the Nature, Situation and Description, in the said Act particularly specified: And whereas the Power granted to His Majesty by the said Act to contract: for Exchanges, was continued by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend and amend the Term and Prow foci of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of Bis prefnt Majesty f, r the better Preservation of Timber in the New For ft in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, until the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven; which said last mentioned Act was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament; and it is expedient to continue and enlarge such Permission, and also to permit the Exchange and Sale of Property of the Nature and Situation therein and

A.D. tSi2.

C. 161.

1 GEO. III.

*95

herein described, in all the Forests belonging to His said Majesty

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this All, it Treasury may shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commis-oners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to authorize the Woo<jj &c. t# Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, contract (or ex-or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the changing Land* time being, on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant or contrail to grant to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any of the Walle or other Lands of the Crown within any of the said Forests, in Exchange for any other Lands in or adjoining to the same Forest respectively, whereof such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall or may be seized in Fee Simple or absolutely entitled to an Estate of of or Customary or Leasehold Tenure, the Reversion thereof being in the Crown, and being fit and proper for the Growth of Timber, and conveniently situated for that Purpose; and that all and every Exchange and Exchanges so made shall be good, valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpose whatsoever; any Infancy, Coverture or other Disability in the Parties interested in such Exchange, or any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; provided the Value of each Piece Provif* of Land so to be exchanged does not exceed One thousand Pounds, and that all such Exchange of Freehold Premises shall be made according to the Form marked (A.) and set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, and that all such Exchange of Leasehold Premises shall be made according to the Form marked (B.) also set forth in the said Schedule, or as near thereto as may be.

V. And whereas there are in various Parts of the several Royal

Forests, sundry Parcels of Land belonging to the Crown, which are wholly or hi Part surrounded by or intermixed with or contiguous and adjoining to other Lands, the Property of some of His Majesty's Subjects, and which said Forest Lands are of little or no Value to the Crown for the Growth of Timber, either by Inclosure and Planting, or otherwise, and it may conduce to the more easy Care of the Rights of the Crown within the said Forests, as well as to the Convenience of His Majesty's Subjects, if a Power should be given to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to authorize the Sale of small

4 Parcels of Forest Land; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and Treasury toalfe* after the passing of this Act, if it shall appear to the Lord High nate l, naU Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, upon the Report of the Commissioners of His Lands of Indi- Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or upon the Report of viduaU. the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, that any small Parcel or Parcels of Land within any of the Royal Forests belonging to the Crown are intermixed with, adjoin or are contiguous or convenient to, or surrounded by the Lands of Individuals, and is or are of little or no Value to the Crown for the Growth of Timber, either by Inclosure and Planting or otherwise; it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more or them, to authorize the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to contrail and agree, ou the Behalf of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

C.x6i.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

cefiors, with the Person or Persons whose Lands shall be intermixed with, or shall adjoin to, or be contiguous or convenient to, or surrounded by such Parcel or Parcels of Land so situated as aforesaid for the Sale thereof, and to make good and effectual Conveyance thereof, for such Price or Prices as shall be certified to the said Commissioners of the Treasury by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or by the said Surveyor General of Woods and Forests, to be just and reasonable; such Price in do case to be under the Value set upon such Land by the Surveyor to be employed to value the same in the manner herein after provided, and the same to be paid into the Hands of the said last mentioned Commissioners, or into the Hands of the said Surveyor General for the time being, and to be by them or him accounted for in manner herein after specified: Provided always, that the Lands of the Crown to be so fold

and disposed of shall not exceed in Value in any Instance the Sum of One thousand Pounds 5 and the Conveyance or Conveyances of such Parcel or Parcels of Land so to be sold and disposed of, be according to the Form marked with the Letter (C.) set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as may be.

Land exchanged

VI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in order to or fold surveyed secure a true and just Price to be set on the Land of the Crown, and by practical on that of Individuals to be given in Exchange, and also on the Land

Surveyor*. of Crown to be sold by virtue of this Act, the same in every

Instance shall be valued by an able and practical Surveyor of Land, to be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Fo-fefts and Land Revenues, or by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, on Behalf of His Majesty; and the Land Surveyor so appointed for making such Valuation shall certify, by his Report in Writing under his Hand, what is in his Judgment the true and fair Worth and Value of the Lands and Premiks so by him surveyed and valued, clear of all Taxes, AssefTtnents and Reprizes whatever; and shall also annex to such Survey or Estimate or Valuation, an Oath or (being one of the People called Quakers) an Affirmation, taken and subscribed by him before any One of the said last mentioned Commissioners, or before fuefc said Surveyor General, or before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County wherein any such Land proposed to be exchanged or fold shall be, which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorised to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be iii the Form following; that is to say,

Oaih. J A' d swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] Thtt

the Survey or Account hereto annexed was faithfully and impartially made by me 5 that the Value of the Property of the

Crown, and of C.D. therein contained, is jullly estimated therein according to the best of my Skill and Judgment; and that all the

Particulars stated in the said Survey are true to the best of my

Knowledge and Belief.'

Which Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscribed shall be filed, with the Survey and Estimate, in the proper Office for depositing the same.

1 VII. And whereas there are in divers of His Majesty's Fottfts

Quarries of Freestone, Limestone, Slate and other Stone, and Strati

or Veins of Coal and Iron Ore, and of Marl, the Produce of which

A.D. 1812.

C. \6u

*97

ST GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

is of great Value, but by reason of the Steepness of the Ground in some Places, and the Witness or Depth of the Soil in others, the Accefa to the same is in many Instances at all times difficult and often impracticable: And whereas it would in many cases greatly facilitate the getting and carrying away of the said Freestone, Lime-Hone, and other Stones, Slate, Coal, Iron Ore and Marl, if Permission were given to erect Fire or Steam Engines for raising the same, and the Water collecting in the Pits where they are got, and to form Rail or Tram Roads and Inclined Planes for carrying away the said Freestone, Limestone and other Stone, Slate, Coal, Iron Ore and Marl; and many Individuals might be willing to make such Railways or Tram Roads and Inclined Planes, or to erect such Fire or Steam Engines, if they should obtain Leave for that Purpose; 9 e it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Treasury enw benever Application shall be made by any Person to the said Com- PH'ered lissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to 1 makinfi he said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for to Quarries5*c* he time being, for Leave to make any Railway, Tram Road or In- in Fortft*; and lined Plane, or to build or erect any Fire or Steam Engine as afore- Commissioners lid, and it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or to the said Sur- Wood*, &c. eyor General, that it would be for the Advantage of the Public, and or Slrrv5^r ^e" ot detrimental to the Interests of the Crown, that such Railway, Tram ^c*togrant* toad or Inclined Plane Should be made, or that such Fire or Steam Lejfes. ingitie Should be built orerected, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for he time being, to authorize the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests md Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's iVoods and Forests for the time being, to grant a L?afe for any Term tot exceeding Thirty one Years, of such Part of the Royal Forests as nay be necessary for the Purpose of making any such Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane, or for erecting such. Fire or Steam Eogine, with a Licence in such Lease to make or erect the same under such Modifications and Restrictions, for such yearly Rent, and upon such Perms and Conditions, as to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General 3f His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, may seem expedient; which Lease may be according to the Form hereunto annexed, and marked with the Letter (D.) or-as near thereto as may be: Provided always, that no such Lease and Licence for the Purpose of making such Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane, or of erecting such Fire or Steam Engine, shall be granted in any case where the Use of the same would interfere with or in any way abridge or prove inconsistent with the Exercise of the Rights vested in either of the Companies established by Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty ninth Year of King George the Third, the one intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the 49 G. 3. c. dvui. Summit of the Hill above Church way Engine, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said Forest called Cinderford Bridge; the other intituled An Act for making and main- 49 g. 3. c.clix, taining a Railway from the Rher Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucester, to or near. to a Place called The Lower Forge, below Newem, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester;

without

Treasury or Surveyor General nuy make Compensation*, or grant Leafet to Persons relinquishing Pans of Forest.

Encroachments made on Skirts of Forest*, or in Parti not suited for Growth of Timber, Com-

without the previous Consent and Concurrence of the Companies incorporated under the said Acts.

VIII. And whereas many Purpreftures, Encroachments and

Trespasses have been made and continued in and upon the Sotl of

His Majesty, within the Boundaries of the Royal Forests, some of them contiguous and similar in Soil, Situation and Exposure to

Parts of the said Forests well calculated for the Growth of Timber for the Use of the Navy, and some in particular with; n the Parts

of the New Forest and Forest of Dean, which have been already set out for that Purpose under the Statutes in t hat case made and provided; and it is expedient that more effectual Provisioa than has hitherto been obtained should be made for dealing with all such Purpreftures and Encroachments, in such manner as shall best answer the Purpose of preserving and maintaining His Majesty's Rights over the fame Be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case of any Purpreftures or Encroachments situate ia Parts of any of the Forests fit for the Growth of Timber, which Purpreftures or Encroachments shall appear to have been inclosed, or used and occupied by the Person or Persons then in Possession thereof, or by any Person or Persons under whom the same is or are respectively claimed to be held, without any effectual Interruption by or on the Part of His Majesty for any Period not less than Ten Years, and where Expence shall appear to have been incurred in the Improvement thereof bjr the Erection of Buildings or otherwise, and the Claimant or Claimants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have relinquished the same on receiving Notice so to do, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, by and with the Authority of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to make such Satisfaction or Compensation in Money, in Consideration of the Removal, Abatement or Resumption of any Encroachment or Purprefture so situated, as shall by the said Commissioners or the Said Surveyor General for che time being, be deemed reasonable and proper, under all the circumstances of the case, or to grant a Lease of some other Part or Parts of the Forests situated on the Skirts or Borders thereof, which on account of such Situation or other circumstances shall not be deemed fit Tor the Growth of Timber, or likely to interfere with any Inclosures or Plantations to be made for that Purpose, for such Term of Years, not exceeding Thirty one, as shall be deemed a reasonable Allowance by way of Compensation for the Expence which shall appear to have been incurred in such Improvements; provided that there shall be referred to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Person or Persons to whom such Lease shall be so granted, such Annual Kent or Rents as, under all the circumstances of the case, shall by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, be deemed reasonable and proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in cases where Purpreftures and Encroachments shall have been made Twenty Years at least before the pafifing of this Act, (and which shall not within that Period have been abated or prelected at any Forest Court} on the Skirts and Borders of any of

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 161.

the said Forests, or upon Parts thereof not adapted to or convenient for the Growth of Timber, or likely to interfere with any Inclosures or Plantations to be made for that Purpc/e, and where the Persons in Possession of the same shall be desirous of retaining such Possession under a Lease or Leases thereof, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or for the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, under the Authority of the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to grant such Lease or Leases for any Term not exceeding Thirty one Years, in Consideration of the Payment of such Annual Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions and Stipulations as, according to the Circumstances of the case, shall by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, be deemed reasonable and proper; and such Lease or Leases shall be made out accordingly, and may be according to the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, and marked with the Letter (D.) or as near thereto as may be, without any Fine, Fee or Reward to be paid for the same, or other Charge, except the Expences actually incurred for writing and engrafting such Leases.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Agreement, Deed, Conveyance and Lease authorised by this Att, together with a Map or Plan of the Land exchanged, fold or demised thereby, shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue, and a Minute or Docquet thereof entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and* Land Revenues, or in the Office of the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being; and that from and after such Enrolment or Entry, His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue* cessors, iu Right of the Crown, shall be deemed to be in the actual and lawful Seisin and Possession of any Land taken in Exchange; and that the Party with whom such Exchange shall be so made, shall have, hold and enjoy the Lands and Premises so given in Exchange, as of the same Tenure, and fubie6l to the same Charges and invested* with the same Rights and Privileges, as the Land taken in Exchange was before such Exchange legally fubiett to and invested with, but freed and discharged from any other Right, Title or Claim of the Crown to the Soil, than such as shall be incident to the Nature of such Tenure, and from all Common of Pasture and other Rights of Common; and the Party to whom any Land shall have been so fold, or conveyed by Exchange, shall hold or enjoy the same, freed from any Right, Title or Claim of the Crown, and from all Common of Pasture or other Right*of Common.

1 XI. And whereas the Number of unlawful Enclosures, Pur-

pveftures. Encroachments and Trespasses in the Royal Forests has of late Years been much increased, and the Fences of many of such Encroachments, and the Houses and Buildings created thereon,

though at different times abated and thrown down by the Keepers

or other Officers of the said Forests, have again been re-ihftated by 1 the Trespassers who originally made them, or by others subsequently occupying or claiming the same j And whereas it 24 expedient that more effectual Proviuon should be made for the Prevention of such

Offences, and for the Punishment of the Offenders in future; Be

52 Geo. III. 3M by

*99

mifltoners of Woods, or SurveyorGenenl empowered to grant Leases.

Inftniment enrolled in Office of Auditor of Land Revenue.

oo

C. 161.

A.D. 1812.

Unlawful F Cure*, &c. enquired of by Yuderers, \c.

Penalty*

Provifa

Veiderers may appoint Officer* for executing Orders of Court;

52 GEO. III.

it therefore enabled, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all such unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachment*and Tits-pafles which shall have been wilfully made, or caused or procured 10

be made, by any Person or Persons, in and upon any of the Royal

Forests, or shall be Wilfully held, occupied and made use of by any Person or Persons subsequently occupying or claiming the Came, fare and except such as< have been demited or in respect of which any Treaty for a Demise shall or may be peuding between the said Commissionerg of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and the Party or Parties who shall be pretended Owners or actual Occupiers thereof, shall and may be enquired of, by the Verderers of the respective Forest or Forelb within which such unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments or Trespasses shall have been made, in the Court or Courts of Attachment of the said Forest or Forests; and the Person or Persons guilty of making, continuing and renewing any such unlawful Enclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trespass, fare as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the same in the said Court or Courts 5 and upon Proof being made thereof, on the Oath of One credible Witness, the Verderers of the said Forest or Forests, or any Two of them, present at the said Court or Courts, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised to fine any Person or Persons so offending, for every such Offence, in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after provided for, and to order and direct every such unlawful Enclosure, Pur-prefture, Encroachment and Trespass, save as aforesaid, to be abated by the Regarders, Under Foresters, Under Keepers or other Officers of the said Forest or Forests, who are hereby authorised and empowered to abate the same accordingly: Provided nevei theless, that in case it shall be infilled upon by any Person or Persons, who shall be proceeded against in any of the said Attachment Court or Courts as hereinbefore directed, that the Place wherein the Enclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trespass shall have been or shall be alledged to have been made, was not within the Boundaries of the said Forest or Forests, or within the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the same, the said Verderers shall not proceed to Con vision, but (Kali certify the Preferment of such Offence to His Majesty's Attorney General, to theind that such Proceeding may be had the Tein by Information of Jntrufion, or otherwise, as by Law might hare beep had before the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, at any Court of Attachments holden for any of the said Forests, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of them, or any Two of them, I

to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be the Officer or Officers of the said Court or Courts, Forest or Forests, for the Purpose of executing the Judgments and Orders of the said Court or Courts, from time to time given and made 5 and the Person or Persons so appointed shall, during the time mentioned in such Wimurt or Warrants, or until the same shall be recalied, or their Appointment or Appointments revoked by the said Verderers, have full Power and Authority to execute the Judgments and Orders of the said Court or Courts, within the said Forest or Forests, in such and the same manner, and by such and the same means, as any Constable or otbrr Peace Officer can or may by Law execute the Warrant of any Justice of

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. TIL

C.i5r*

90T

of the Peace for any County; and the said Verderers, or any Two of and fix Fees, them, shall and may fix and allow such Fees to be paid to or taken by such Officer and Officers, as the said Verderers mall in their Discretion think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Regarder, Under Regarded,c. Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer of any of the said Forests, P1*11 ^ore shall, within the Space of One Calendar Month next before the hold- ^achm^nu ing of the First Court of Attachments in each Year and within a survey Forests, reasonable time before the holding of any other Court or Courts of and take Ac-Attachment8 for any of the said Forests, carefully survey such Part count of Foclo-or Parts of the said Forests as shall be Within his or their Regard, iuref>&c*

View or Cognizance, or within the respective Walks of the several

Under Foresters or Under Keepers of any of the said Forests, and shall take an Account of all unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses whatever, made, done or committed within the same, since any preceding Survey or Surveys which shall have been made by them^jr any of them, on any Part or Parts of any of the said Forests as aforesaid, or which were not noticed in such preceding Purvey or Surveys; and every such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, shall, at every Court or'

Courts of Attachments hokieh for any of the said Forests, make and deliver to the Verderers thereof then present, a true Return and Presentment of all such unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses, as he or ! they shall find to hare been made, done or committed, within any Part or Parts of the said Forests which shall be within his or their Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the respective Walks, of the several Under Forestersand Under Keepers of any of the said Forests, or which he or they shall not hayp returned or prefen ted at the precedingor some former Court or Courts, or which having becij made before such last Survey or Surveys, fhaB not have been abated, and at what time or times and in what particular Part or Partg of any of the said Forests, and by whom, any such unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Tre^asses, have been made, done or Committed, so far as they have been able to ascertain the same; and every such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, shall at the time of making or delivering in his said Return or Preferment, make Oath before the said Verderers (which Oath they or any One of them is hereby authorised to administer) that to the best of his Knowledge, Information and Belief, no unlawful Enclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trespass, hath been made, done or committed, or then exista, within such Part or Parts of any of the said Forests as shall be within his Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the respective Walks of the several Under Foresters or Under Keeper of ant of the said Forests, other than such as art* contained and described in the Return or Presentment then made and delivered irj by lftm, or made or delivered in at the preceding or at some former Court, specifying the time at which the same was held. '

XIV. And be it further enacted, TWt kffiall be lawful for the Court of At-Verderers 6f any of the said Fcrests, or any Two of them, at any tachment* may Court or Courts of Attachments to be holden for any of the said c^udofRe-Forests, to enquire into the Conduct and Behaviour of the Rcgarders, garders, &c. Under Foresters, Under Keepers or other Officers of the said Forests, Neglecting

in their said Offices; and if the said Verderers shall find that any Duty.

902

C.i6

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III.

Fisse.

Second Offence.

Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, hsth wilfully given or delivered in to them any untrue Return or Presentment, or hath concealed or wilfully omitted to insert in such Return or Presentment, any unlawful Enclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment or other Trespass, which ought to have been defenbed or noticed therein, or hath wilfully and without good Cause neglected to make such Survey as is hereinbefore directed, or hath been guilty of any wilful Neglect in the Care of the Timber or other Trees, Woods, Thorns or Butties, situate within such Part or Parti of any of tie said Forests as shall be within his or their Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the Walk or Walks of any of the said Under to-refters or Under Keepers, or other Officers of any of the said Forests, or in any other respect hath wilfully omitted to perform the Duty of his Office, it shall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the (sod Forests, or any Two of them, (having due Proof made before them ou Oath of any such wilful Neglect, Omission or Default) and they are hereby authorised to set and impose a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, for every such his wilful Act, Neglect, Omission or Default, to be recovered and applied as herein after me* tioned; and for the second Offence, such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, shall forfeit and be deprived of fail Office, and shall not at any time afterwards be restored to such Office, unless the Verderers, or any Two of them, shall by Order to be made by them at a Court of Attachments, signify that in their Judgment iiich Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, may properly be re-appointed or restored to his said Office; and if any such Officer shall oe again convicted of a like Offence whereby his Office shall become forfeited, he shall be incapable of behg again appointed to such Office, or of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever within any of the said Forests.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed, and Fees authorised by this Act, and not hereinbefore diicded to be recovered before the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or CmmofAt "n Courts of Attachments, shall and may be recovered is s

tachmentt, re- summary way, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for y County, Riding, Division or Place, in which the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be; and in case any Penalty recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Verdcrmof any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, or in the said Courts of Attachments, or any Fine set or imposed, by the said Verdeim, or any Two of them, or the said Courts, shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, or Verderers, or the bid Courts by whom such Fine shall be set or imposed, or before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, by Warrant under his Hand and Sell, or their Hands and Seals, and directed by such Justice or Justices, to any Couftabk or other Peace Officer, and by the said Verderers to the proper Offices or Officers to be appointed for any of the bid Forests in the manner hereinbefore provided, to cause such Fine or Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods sad Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distith and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had or made* such Justice or Justices, Verderers or Courts* shall, if he or they shall think proper, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol for,

or

Third Offence.

Penalties not directed te be recovered before

covered before Justice.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

52 GEO. III. C. 161.

9oj

or fonac House of Correction, within such County, Riding, Division,

City, Town or Place as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Months.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing Act not to in-in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, Right* to defeat, alter or infringe all or any of the Rights, Privileges or p*etters Advantages which may be enjoyed or claimed under any Letters Patent granted by His said Majesty, his Ancestors, or Predecessors, of any Office, Bailiwick, Walk or Lodge, within any of the said Forests.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to.|JJrev^nt herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent

His Majesty from proceeding by Information in His Court of Exche- of l3W; quer, or from having Recourse to any other Law which may now exist for the Punishment of Offences of the nature hereinbefore mentioned, in all cases where such Proceedings shall be deemed'more adviseable than those which are authorised by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which Rent of Lands

shall accrue either/by Penalties recovered under this Act or from the P"d 10 Coromil-Sale of or as Rent for any Lands fold or demised by virtue of this and

Ad, shall be paid to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, ^hejVimd*. Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Ma-

iefty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to be by them or

him paid into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, and applied and accounted for with the other Funds

under their or his Management, in the manner directed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4$ G. 3. C. I4*

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of

Woods and Forests t

XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and 39 & 4oG*3*

4 Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the c#

better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest,

and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That the Commissioners thereby appointed 1*

should cause a Map or Plan to be made of the said Forest in manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said Map has not hitherto been

framed according to the Provisions of the said Act; and it is expedient that the same should be executed with as Little Delay as pof-

fible, Be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Commissioners Map or Plan

of His Majesty* Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to employ completed m Surveyors, or other proper Persons, in framing fu<jh Map or Plan;* cm'

and they are hereby required to complete the same within Five Years

from and after the passing of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Surveyor of of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor#of any Turnpike Roads, &c. aoc Road or any Highway, or for any other Person, to dig, get or

carry away or cause to he dug, got or carried way any Stone or Crown.

Gravel, or other Materials for the making or repairing of any Road or Way, or for any other Purpose, in or from any of His Majesty's Forests, whereby any Plantation or Tree belonging to His Majesty may he or be liable to be injured or damaged.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Commissioners herein contained shall extend or he construed to empower or enable not to fell, &c.

3M3 p non Ip the

9 4

C.i6i.

5 a GEO. III.

A.D. tSn.

Exchange, kc. not to be made to inteirupt Accel's to Forests from adjoining ElUtes.

Lands or Oravel the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Rete->IU- nues, or tly* Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forestj

for the time being, to grant in Exchange, or to make Sale of any open or accustomed Marl Pits, or any Bogs or Lands from which feat has been usually gotten for Fuel, or any Gravel Pits now open, situate in or within any of the said Forests, or any Lands, by the Exchange or Sale whereof the Owners or Occupiers of any Edits adjoining or contiguous to the said Forests shall be deprived of their usual or accustomed Supply of Marl or Peat from the said ForefU.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to empower or enable the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to grant in Exchange or make Sale of any Land within any of the said Forests, in such manner as to prevent any Person or Persons having Right of Common on such Forests from having Access to such Forests for the Purpose of enjoying such Right of Common, as effectually and conveniently as he or they now has or lave, or otherwise might have had, or to prevent any Person or Persons froa having Access from the said ForefU to any Lands belonging to him or them, lying adjacent or contiguous to the said Forests, as fully is he or they now has or have or otherwise might have had.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majestfs Woodsy Forests y Parks and Chases, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and

Land Revenue, or any One of them, are authorised to receive a r Verification and take an Examination on Oath touching and cos-

cerning all Matters of Surveys, Returns, Reports, Efliznates, Accounts and other Matters and Things, of and from every Officer and other Person, in all cases wherein the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, was immediately before the passing of that Act by Law authorised so to do

4, And whereas it is expedient that a like Authority should be givea

to them to receive Verifications and take Examinations on Oath touching Matters which relate to the Department of His MajetlyJi 4 Land Revenue, and which were, previous to the passing of the abovementioned Act, under the separate Cognizance or Management of the Surveyor General of that Department; Be it there-Commissioner fore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or of Woods, &c. to any One of them, and they or any One of them are and 13 hereby cation* &c!nfi authorised to receive a Verification and take an Examination upon

50 G. 3. c. 65

in-

touching Matters relating to Department of Land Revenue.

Oath of and from any Officer and other Person employed in making and conducting any Surveys, Returns, Reports, Estimates and Accounts, or other Matters and Things touching and concerning the said Department of His Majesty's Land Revenue, in like manner as they are by the said* above mentioned Act empowered to do in all Matters and Things relating to the Department of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases; and if any Officer or other Person shall in any such Verification or Examination upon Oath as aforesaid, knowingly and wilfully forswear himself, herlelf or themselves, such Officer or other Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in such manner as is provided by the different Laws and

Statutes

52 GEO. III. C. i6t.

: atutes now in force for the Punishment of wilful and corrupt Perjury. L'rjury. '

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any /thing is Two Commis-reded, required or permitted to be done under this Act, by the fioneriofWoods, ommissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forellsand Land Revenues, &C'ITU* 4'ct* ie same may be done by any Two of such Commissioners.

1 XXV. And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty fifth Year of 35 G. 3- c. 4.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right Honourable Jolui Ear I of Upper Oflbry

of Ampthill in ihe County of Bedford, his Heirs and Ajsigns, in Fee

Simfle all the EJlatef Rights Title and Interest remaining in His Majesty in and upon the Walk of Farming Woods, in the Forest of

Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, to which the said Earl

of Upper OfTory is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from

His present Majesty, upon] a full and adequate Consideration to be paid

for the same: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty sixth 3$ G. 3. C. 62.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable

His Majesty to grant to John Earl of Westmodand, his Heirs and

Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest remain

ing in His Majesty, in or upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay,

Fenr.es and Shortwood and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Ce/i-sideration to be paid for the same: And whereas another Act was passed in the said Thirty Iixth Year of the Reign of His present 36 C. 3. c. 63. Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate,

Right9Title and Interest remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of West Hay in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same; and it was thereby enacted, that when such Grant should be so made, the Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and premises to be comprised therein should immediately thereupon become and be Part and Parcel of the said Henry Earl of Exeter's Manor of Duddington, in the County of Northampton: And whereas another Act was passed in the said Thirty sixth Year of His present 3$ Gc. 64r Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Efate, Right, Jitle and Interef remaining in His Majesty ip and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the said Foref of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to he paid for the same: And whereas in pursuance of the Powers, Authorities and DireQions of the said first recited Act, the Surveyor General of His Majesty's L^nd Revenue did con trad for the said Grant to the said John Earl of Westmorland, and did ascertain and fix the Sum of Eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight: pence to be a full and adequate Consideration for the said Grant,

: and the said Sun? of Eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty: one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight pence was accordingly paid 1 by the said John Earl of Westmorland under the Direction of the said Act into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Lord High r Treasurer of England, and was laid out in the Purchase of Seven- teen thousand eight hundred and sixty seven Pounds and Eight 1 Pence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in

90 6

C.i6i.

A.D. 1812.

34 G. 3.4.75.

48 G. 3. t. 73. i*7-

Money laid out in Purchase of Lands fit for Growth of Timber.

2GJE0. hi.

the same manner and to and for the sameUset and Purposes as the*Monies arising or to arise by the Sale of th^ Fee Fann Rents art diie&ed to be laid out by 3n Ait of Parliament passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimf rove able Rents, as by the said first recited Act is directed: And whereas no Contract or Agreement has hitherto been made by the Commissioners of His Majesty*

4 Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, with the said Henry Earl of Exeter, or his Heirs or Assigns, or with the said George Fmel j

4 Hatton, or with the said John Earl of Upper Ojfory, under the said recited Acts in respect of the said Grants to be made to them,

and the Sums of Money to be paid under the said recited Acts as a 4 Consideration for the said Grants t'emain still unsettled: And whereas j 4 by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, j 4 intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in Eng- 4 land, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, the said Surveyor General for the time being was authorised to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of the Soil, Mines or other Minerals, or other Substancts or Herbage, or any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Great Forest of iBrecknock, in the County of Brecknock, or any Part thereof, or in any manner appertaining thereto, or exi fling within the same, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General /booId 4 be able to procure for the same, and which should be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the fane should from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and should be invested in the Purchase of Stock, and the Stock foporchased and the Interest and Yearly Dividend arising therefrom should be applied in the same manner, and subject to the same Regulation as are pveferibed in the said last recited Act, with respect to the Purchase Monies arising from the Sales of Crown Lands thereby authorised to be made: And whereas from the great and increasing Difficulty of procuring a sufficient Supply of Timber for the Use of the Navy, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Public in general, if the said Sum of Money so received from the said John Earl of Westmorland, and the Monies to be paid by the Heirs of the said Henry late Earl of Exeter, and the said George 1 Finch Hatton, and the said John Earl of Upper Offory, (the fare having arisen from the Sale of the Forestal Rights belonging to Hi>

Majestyl and also the Monies arising from the Sale of the Forest of Brecknock, were laid 6ut in the Purchase of Lands fit and proper for the Growth of Timber, and of any Rights of Individuals, to Lands fit for that Purpose; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of Crown Lands for the time being, with the Approbation of and by the Direction of the Lord Higti Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contract and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic or Coroorate, or Person or Persons for the Sale of and to fell the said Sum ot Seventeen thousand eight hundftd and sixty seven Pounds and Eight pence Three Pounds per Cenhm

j2 GEO. III. C. 161.

907

Consolidated Bank Annuities, or any Part thereof, and apply the Pro- duce and also the Monies to be received from the said Heir or Heirf of the said Henry late Earl of Exeter, the said George Finch Hait on, and the said John Earl of Upper OJfory, or either of them; any tiling in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and all or any other Monies arising or which may arise from the Sale of the said Forest of Brecknock, or any Part thereof, or of Lands in any Forest, reputed Forest or Waste, belonging to His Majesty, or of His Majesty'*

Rights and Interests therein, in the Purchase of any Lands the Property of Individuals, or in the Purchase of any Rights of Individuals (where the Reversion of such Rights shall be veiled in His Majesty) to or over any Lands which shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of Crown Lands for the time being, be fit and proper for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber, and such Lands and Rights shall when so purchased be held by and be and become the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

1 XXVI. And whereas the above named Henry Earl of Exeter, afterwards created Marquis of Exeter, departed this Life without having completed the Purchase of the Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and Premises, mentioned in the said recited Act of the

Thirty sixth of His present Majesty, but the Devisees in Trust, 36 G. 3. c.$2.

named and appointed by his Will, are at present in Treaty with the Commifuoner8 of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land

Revenues for the Purchase thereof, and also for the Purchase of His Majesty's Manor of King's Ciiffe in the said County of Nor-

th amp ton, and are desirous in the Event of such Treaties being

earned into Effect, that the said Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments ' and Premises, mentioned in the said recited Act, should become and

be Part of the said Manor of King's Ciiffe Be it therefore enacted.

That, from and after the Completion of such Purchases as aforesaid, Purchase com-the Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and Premises so to be com- l*lcted Lands to prised in any Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be made or ^'come jrranted under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Thirty  nS

sixth of His present Majesty, shall become and be Fart of the said Manor of King's Ciiffe, and not of the Manor of Duddington.

XXVII. And whereas in and by an Act passed in the Fifty first 51 G. 3- c. 115.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for $ x*

amending the A3 Forty third George the Third, to promote the building, repairing or otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels,

and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and for providing of Church Tards and Glebes, it was, among other things, enacted,

that the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

should have full Power, Licence and Authority, by Deed or Writing,

' under the Great Seal, to give and grain:, and veil in any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and

Successors respectively, all such, his, her or their Estate, Interestor Property, in any Lands or Tenements, within the Survey of theCourt of Exchequer, for or towards the eresting, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing or providing any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland are or shall be used or observed, or any Mansion House, for the 1 Residence of any Minister of the said United Church officiating or to officiate In any such Church or Chapel, or any Outbuildings*

' Offices,

go8

C. 161.

A.D. 1811.

His Majesty may grant Land

for Curtilages and Accesses to Churches or Chapels.

provifa.

52 GEO. III.-

r Offices, Church Yards or Glebe, for the same respectively, and to be for those Purposes applied in and by such Deed as aforesaid expressed, provided that nothing in this Act now in recital contained should extend or be construed to extend to enable His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to grant more than Five Acres in any One Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas it is found expedient that the Powers of the same Ad should be extendedto Ground for Curtilages, Accesses or any other Conveniences or Accommodations of or to any of such Churches or Chapels as aforesaid: And whereas the passing of Deeds or Writings under the Great Seal for the Purposes aforesaid, by reason of the great Eipence attending the same, may in some cases produce Inconvenience and frustrate the Intention of the said Act; Be it therefore enacted, That His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have full Power, Licence and Authority to give and grant, and veil in any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, in manner herein after mentioned, all such his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property in any Lands or Tenements within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, for Curtilages, or for Accestes, or for any other Conveniences or Accommodations of any such Churches or Chapels as aforr-said; and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, shall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the same according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and whenever it shall be the Pleasure of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make a Grot for any of the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, to grant a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to any such Person or Persons, dr Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, specifying the Premises so to be veiled in such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as aforesaid, which Warrant shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Division or County within which the Premises shall be situate, and also in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the time being; and such Auditor, and such Commissioners, or Surveyor General having enrolled the said Warrant, shall certify such Inrolment at the Foot or on the Back thereof under their Hands, and return the said Warrant to the Grantee or Grantees of the Premises therein named, and from and immediately after such Inrolment and thenceforth for ever the respective Grantees named in such Warrants, arui their Heirs and Successors, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seilin and Possession of the Premises in the said Warrants specified, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from or under him or them, and of and from all manner of Incumbrances whatsoever as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to enable His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to

41, 1, 1

A.D. 1812. 52GO.III. C.i6t. 90$

grant more than Five Acres in any One Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

(A.)

FOR AN EXCHANGE OF FREEHOLD LANDS.

JgE it known, That the Right Honourable A.B. and C.

Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Fore (Is and Land Revenues, being duly authorised by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in Exercise of the Powers vested in them by an Act [insert the Yule of this /ft?], do by these Presents on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, give, gi^nt and convey to

X. T. his Heirs and Assigns, All that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured in the Map or Plan

annexed to these Presents, containing Acres

Roods and Perches, and abutting, tffc.

Cas the case may he]: And the said X. T. doth by these Presents, for himself and his Heir9, by the Dirtdion of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, give, grant and convey unto His said Majesty King George the Third, and his Heirs and Successors, all that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured

in the said Map or Plan, in Exchange for the Piece or Parcel of Land distinguished b'y a Colour in

the said Map or Plan: Provided always, That if His said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said X. T* his Heirs or Assigns, shall at any time without their respective wilful Default, be evicted of the same Piece or Parcel of Land hereby respectively given, granted and conveyed to him or them respectively as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties so evicted to enter into the Piece or Parcel of Land contracted by him to be given in Exchange as aforesaid, and to hold and enjoy the same in his or their former Estate, in the same manner as if the Exchange hereby made had not been made.

In Witness, &c.

(B.)

FORM OF DEED FOR AN EXCHANGE OF LEASE-HOLD PREMISES. lgE it known, That the Right Honourable A.B. and C.

Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being duly authorised by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty, 8 Treasury, in Exercise of the Powers vested in them by an Act [insert the Title of this Act"], do by these Presents on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, give, grant and demise unto

X. 7*. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Term of Years, commencing from the Day next before the Day of the Date of these Presents, All that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured in the Map or Plan annexed to these Presents,

containing Acres, _ Roods and Perches, and abut-

ting, fc.

[as the case [may be] in Exchange for the Piece or Parcel of Land coloured in the said Map or Plan, containing Acres, Roods and Perches, and

abutting, &c.

[as the case may be]: And the said X. T. doth by

thefi}

Di

C.i6i.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III.

these Prefenis, for himself, his Executors and Adfnimftraton, aid by the Direction of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues give, grant and surrender to His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Successors, all that the said Piece or Parcel of Land coloured in the said Map or

Plan, and which is now vested in him the said X. T. under a Leak from the Crown, for a Term of Years, of which Years ait

yet to come and unexpired, in Exchange for the said Piece or Pared of Land, distinguishea by a Colour in the said Map

In Witness, &c.

(C.)

FORM OF CONVEYANCE.

'T'HESE are to witness, That in Confederation of the Sum of

paid by A.B. to the Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, [or, to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, 8cc. as the case may be] for and on account of His said Majesty, C Z). and E. F.9 Two of the Covnanffionere of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being duly afr thorized by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, do, for and on the Behalf of His said Majesty, by these Preftati

frant, bargain and fell unto the said A.B. his Heirs and Affigm, describe the Parcels of Land, &c. fold] To have and to hold, [tlx said Pareels, hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefit mi

Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said A.B. his Heirs and Assigns for ever. In Witness whereof, the said C.D. . F. and G. H. have hereunto set their Hands and Seals, this

Day of in the Year of off

Lord

(D.)

FORM OF LEASE.

'T'HESE are to witness, that in Consideration of the Annual Rest or Sum of herein after reserved to be paid by

X. T. of, &c. the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, [or, the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, as the case may be] by the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Moje&y's Treasury, for and on BeUf of His Majesty, doth [or, do] by these Presents, grant, demise, Jezfe and to farm let unto the said X. T. his Executors, Adminifbaton and Assigns, All [describe the Parcels of Land, To have sod to hold the said Pareels, &c. hereby demifef, and all Benefit sod Advantage thereto belonging, unto him the said X, T, his Execo-tors, Administrator, s and Assigns, for and during the Term of

Years, yielding and paying by Half yearly Payments to the said Surveyor General, or to the said Commissioners [as the caje may Je] for the time being, the Annual Rent or Sum of

In Witness whereof the said sod

the said X. T. have hereunto set their Hands and Seals, this Dsiy of in the Year, &c.

'Witness.

A.D. 1812.

S2 GEO. III.

Ci6i

CAP. CLXII.

An Act for the Preservation of the Public Pbace in certain dHturbed Counties in England; and to give, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Justices for that Purpose.

[29th July 1812.]

c 'f WHEREAS Arms have for some time past been industriously collected by evil disposed Persons, for Purposes dangerous 1 to the Public Peace, and nave been also taken by Force from the Houses of Persons unable to resist such Violence: And whereas [ illegal Affodation8 have beeri formed in several Counties, and which are in many cases connected with each other by Delegates; and ] numerous Outrages have been committed by Persons so associated, and by other ev3 disposed Persons who assembic to destroy Manu-fastories and Machinery: And whereas Meetings are held, as well 5 by Night as by Day, by many evil disposed Persons, for the Purpose of training and learning the Use of Arms, in order tb enable' them more effectually to execute their evil Purposes: AncJ whereat such Practices endanger the public Peace and Security; and it is therefore necessary to empower Magistrates, and others acting under their Authority in Protection of the Public Peace, upofi Suspicion, to search for and seize aft ftoien or secreted and concealed Arms, Weapons and Ammunition, and to receive for safe Custody the Arms, Weapons and Ammunition belonging to Pen. fons unable to resist such unlawful Outrages as aforesaid; and also to authorize the dispersing of all unlawful Assemblies and Meetings, and the apprehending of Persons engaged therein, or aiding and assisting the reat, or acting as Delegates of or to such Assemblies or Associations, or engaged in inciting Persons to join in such illegal Practices Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Dords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ' tod by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Arm* coUedeU Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or for any Constable or other for Purposes ?eace Officer acting under any Warrant signed by any Justice of the^ p ?eace or Magistrate or for any Person or Persons acting wfth or in searched for ani kid of any Constable or other Pfeace Officer having a Warrant from Ysized. n y Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, to fearih for and seize any tolen or concealed or secreted Musket, Guns, Pistols or other Fire krms, or Swords, Bayonets, Pikes, Pike Heads, Dirks, Daggers, ipears or Instruments serving for Pikes or Spears, or any Parts of iich Arms or Weapons, or any Gunpowder or Bullets, or other kmmunition, in any House or Building, or any Place whatsoever fn rhich the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, making 6t granting*1 ny Warrant for the'making of any such Search1, may suspect any -

; olen Arms, Weapons or 'Ammunition tb be, or any Arms, Wea* "* '*4 -'ons or Ammunition to be concealed or secreted; and in case Ad*' tiffion shall be refused or not obtained within a reasonabR time after'

shall have been first demanded, to enter by orce, by Day or by Tights into every such House or Buildings or any Place whatsoever, id to carry away the Arms, Weapons and Ammunition there fb iuad, and deliver the fanW to such Person or Persons, to be depd-

sited

913

Anns not ftcure from Seizure demanded by Warrant of Justices, <uid lodged in Places of Security.

Appeal.

Sessions held every Three Weeks for deciding Claims.

X)^p6ts forfeited Anns appointed*

C. 162. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

(ited in such Place or Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose, as herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, by any Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to require the Delivery of any Arm?, Weapons or Ammunition which may be in any House or Place, in which, in the Judgment of such Justices or Magistrates, such Anns. Weapons or Ammunition shall not be sufficiently fee u re against any Attempts which may be made by any evil disposed Persons to obtain Possession thereof; and if the Person possessed of such Arms or Weapons or Ammunition shall refuse to deliver up such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, upon such Demand as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justices or Magistrates, or any Persons acting under any such Warrant as aforesaid, to search for and take and secure the (amt, and for that Purpose to enter by Force in the Day time, if Eutiy should not be allowed in a reasonable time after Demand thereof, into any House or Building, or any Place whatsoever; and all Anus, Weapons or Ammunition so taken, shall be marked by the Pertoo taking the same, in such a manner as to ascertain from whom the same were taken, and a Receipt shall be given by the Person receiving or taking the same, to the Person by whom the Came shall be delivered, or from whom the same shall be so taken; and all inch Arms, Weapons and Ammunition, shall be deposited for safe Custody in such Place and put in Charge of such Person or Perfems as shall be appointed to take Care of such Arms, Weapons or Amnuu* tion, for the Purpose of being restored as herein after mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shallbr lawful for any Person from whom any such Arms, Weapons or As* munition shall be so taken as last aforesaid, in case thi Justices 0: Magistrates upon whose Warrant the same shall have been taken shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, refuse to restore the (an*, to apply to the next Special or General or Quarter Sefftoos of the Peace of the County or Riding, for the Restitution of such Anns, Weapons and Ammunition, or any Part thereof; and the Justices assembled at such Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall make such Order for the Restitution or safe Custody of such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or any Part thereof, as, upon such Application, shall appear to them to be proper: And, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, Special Sessions of the Peace shall be held in every County, Riding, City or Place in which Sessions of the Peace are held, once in every Three Weeks at the lead, for receiving and hearing such Applications it to Arms as aforesaid; the First of which Sessions shall be held 00 the Second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act; and all sech Special Sessions may be adjourned from time to time, as may be deeded necessary by the Justices attending the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any such Special or General or Quarter. Sessions of the Peace, in every County or Riding or Divi-lion of any County within the Provisions of this Act, and they art hereby required, in all cases where the same shall be necessary, to appoint proper Places for Depots for all Arms seized or takes for fete Custody, and also proper Persons to hate the Custody sod On of such Arms; and the Expence of such Depots and such Kemone*

13 ration

3.1812.

C. 162.

S2C GEO. III.

9*3

on as the Justices at any such Session or any subsequent Sessioni I deem reasonable and proper, to be paid to the Persons hating Custody and Care of such Arms, for their Trouble, and for the e and Preservation thereof, shall be paid out of the Rates of the inty, Riding or Division, where the Depots shall respectively be.

7. And be it further enacted, That every Person having the Care Arms to be re-

any Depot for safe Custody of any such Arms, Weapons or Am- ftered and

lition aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, shall keep an i^utenancy and

urate Registry thetcof, and shall produce such Register, or deliver Quarter Sessioni.

iccurate Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, whenever the same

1 be demanded, to the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy

utenant, and to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or

ifion, or City, Town or Place where the same shall be depo(ited,

the Use of the Lieutenancy, or of the Justices assembled at any

cial or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid.

11. And be it further enacted, That the Justices assembled at any Special or General or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace may and shall ral or Quarter n time to time, as the case may require, examine the Returns of how

giftry of all Arms, Weapons and Ammunition deposited under Arms'&c.W Provisions of this Act, and also, if they shall see fit, examine any disposel of son or Persons who may be able to give any Information as to h Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or any other Matter or Tiring iting thereto, upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby respectively horized to administer); and it shall be lawful for the Justices mbled at any such Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the ice, to order that any such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, shall lain deposited while the County or Part of the County where the le shall have been taken shall, in the Judgment of the Justices mbled at any such Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the ice as aforesaid, continue so disturbed, as to make it expedient retain the same in safe Custody, or that the same shall so remaining the Continuance of this Act, or that the same shall be restored the Owner thereof; and the said Justices shall also make such der for the Delivery of all such Arms to the Persons entitled reto, without Fee or Reward, at the Expiration of this Act, as y may deem proper and necessary.

yil. And be it further enacted, That all Assemblies of Persons What Affcm-eting to be trained or drilied, or for the Purpose of being arrayed blies declared Bodies or learning the Use of Arms, without any lawful Au- uni?'T^; irity from His Majesty, or any Lieutenant of any County by Dtle-

mmission or otherwise, for so doing; and all Assemblies of Per- |ate1frora, or is meeting together for the Purpose of illegally taking any Arms, assisting by Con* eapons or Ammunition, or for the Purpose of collecting or forming uibutions of any Depots of any Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or for the irpose of secreting and concealing of any Arms, Weapons or Am-inition, or for the Destruction of any rfoufe. Building, Machinery other Property, or for the Purpose of aiding, abetting or in any inner assisting in any such Purpose aforesaid; or for the Purpose of ling auy Sums of Money for the Purpose of aiding and abetting y such Purpose as aforesaid, or for the aiding and abetting or assist*

in the supporting and maintaining of any such Assembly as afore-d, or of any other unlawful Combination or Confederacy, shall be d the same are hereby prohibited as dangerous to the Peace and curity of His Majesty's liege Subjects, and of His Government;

and

9*4

C. 162.

A.D. 1812.

Mifltaneaaor.

Persons iflTem-Wled in Danger of Public Peace dispersed; found carrying Arms detained.

Mkfdemcuftor.

BaiL

Justices may, upon Information upon Oath, commit Dele* gttesy&c. and seize Books.

Bail.

Committed, to plead and pro. need to Trial

52 GEO. III.

and every Person present at, or aiding or abetting any such Aflem-bly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforesaid, or aiding or amfting in the getting together of any such Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Co: fee!' racy as aforesaid, or acting as a Secretary of or as a Del gate to or from any such Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforesaid, or who shall knowingly be employed or concerned in the collecting or receiving or disbursing of any such Sums of Money as aforesaid, for any such Purpose as aforesaid, ftuE upon being convicted thereof be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or for any Constable, Peace Officer or other Person acting under the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or acting with or in Aid of any Justice of the Peaca or Magistrate, or of any Constable or other Peace Officer having such Warrant as aforesaid, to disperse any such unlawful Affemoly or Meeting before mentioned, and to arrest and detain any Persons present at or aiding, assisting or abetting any such unlawful Assembly or Meeting, and also any Person found carrying Arms is such manner and at such times as to afford just Grounds of Sufpkios that the same are carried for Purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate wh# shall arrest any such Person, or before whom any Person arrested upcs any such Warrant shall be brought, to commit such Person for Trial for a Misdemeanor under the Provisions of this Act, unless such Person can and shall give sufficient Bail for his Appearance at the oexi General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to answer to any Indictment which may be preferred against him for any Offence against this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for ct Two Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, upon Information upas Oath by any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that any Person is, to the best of the Knowledge or Belief of the Person gyring such Information, acting as a Secretary of or Delegate to or from any such unlawful Assembly or Meeting as aforesaid, or is employed or engaged or concerned in the receiving or collecting of any Contributions of Money, or disbursing of any such Money, for any unlawful Purpose as aforesaid, or in Aid of any unlawful Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforesaid, or has the Care and Custody of any such Money, or of the Books, Papers, Documents or other Things relating to any such unlawful Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy, or containing any Accounts of icy such Money, to grant a Warrant for the Apprehension of any foci Person or Persons, and for the seizing any such Books, Account*, Papers, Documents or other Things as aforesaid j and upon Examination had thereon, if he (hill fee Cause to commit such Person to the Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, DiviGoc, City, Town or Place, for Trial thereon; unless such Person can and shall give sufficient Bail to the Satisfaction of such Justices or Magistrates for his Appearance to answer to any Indictment which may be preferred against him for any such Offence under this Act, a the ensuing General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person indicted for any Offence under this Act, shall forthwith plead to the Indictment, and Trial shall proceed thereon at the Sessions of the Peace at which the

Indidmcft

A.D. 1812.

G. 162.

52 GEO. III.

Jr5

Indictment shall be preferred against him, unless the Court shall, upon upon TndiAment

any sufficient Ground, postpone the pleading to such Indictment or foundor

such Trial; and then and in such case the Person indicted shall remain

in Custody, unless sufficient Bail shall be given to the Satisfaction of bailed.

the Court for his Appearance and answering to such Indictment at

the time appointed for the Pleading to or Trial thereof, without

further Notice.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justices may di Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or for any Person acting under p<rfe unlawful any Warrant of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, to order any Ademblu-. Assembly confiding of Ten or more Persons met together on any Common or Field, or any other open or inclosed Ground, in- the Night; that is to say, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Evening and Six in the Morning, from the First Day of 0Bober: o the First Day of February, or between the Hours of Ten at Night md Four in the Morning, from the First Day of February to the First Day of Oftoler % which such Justice of the Peace may suspect

0 be assembled for any unlawful Purpose, to disperse; and if the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or the Person having such Warrant, ball not, upon the View of such Assembly or otherwise, be satisfied hat such Persons are assembled upon Tome lawful Occasion, and shall

1 consequence thereof order such Assembly to disperse, and such 'ersons shall not, upon such Order, disperse, then and in such case jeh Assembly shall be deemed an unlawful Assembly, and the Perms there remaining together after such Order may be arrested and etafned, and dealt with as any Persons found at any unlawful Meet-1 g may be dealt with under the Provisions of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Justices of the Peace Justice^ofde-sting in and for the several Counties specified in this Act, or in any taclied,*. roclamation to be issued under this Act* or any Counties next ad- downiest*. hav* ining thereto, shall have concurrent Jurisdiction as Justices of the JlUll-

: race in all cases as to the carrying into Execution the Provisions (juumjeS, this Act, and as to all Matters and Things relating to the Pre-rvation of the Public Peace, as fully and effectually as if each of ch Justices was in the Commission of the Peace of each of such >untics, and had duly qualified by Law to act therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His What Persons Majesty to appoint by any Commission or Commissions under the Majesty cm-cat Seal of the United Kingdom, or under the Seal of the County latine of Lancaster, to be made out from time to time for that C*

rpose, any Person being the Son of any Peer or Lord of Parlia-nt, or of any Person having a Qualification to fit in Parliament, in Counties within the Provisions of this Act, or either of them, or my County adjacent to any such County* although not the eldest 1 or Heir Apparent, to be and aft as Justices of the Peace in and the several Counties or Ridings specified in this Act, or which y hereafter be specified in any Proclamation under this Act, or Counties or Ridings next adjoining thereto, for carrying into -cution the Provisions of this Act, and the Preservation of the ce in such Counties or Ridings during the Continuance of this

although such Person may not be duly qualified by Law in ect of Property under any Act of Parliament now in force ting to the Qualification of Justices of the Peace to act as a Juf-of the Peace, and every such Commission shall state that the 52 Geo III. 3 N Persons

9i 6

C.\6i.

5 2 GEO. IEL

A.D. 1812.

Persons appointed Justices therein are so appointed under the Provisions of this Act, and no such Commission shall extend or be deemed or construid to extend to abrogate, annul or supersede, or in any manner to affect any other Commission or Commission* of the Peace which may be in force or may hereafter be issued in or for any (ueb Oaths, County or Counties, or Hiding or Ridings; and all Persons so appointed shall take all such Oaths as are by Law required to be taken by any Ju ft ices of the Peace, except the Oath of Qualification as to Property; and such Oaths may be taken before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or the Chief Justice of the Common rleas, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WcHm'inster, or any Two Justices of the Peace of the County or Riding, or any one of the Counties or Ridings for which any such Person shall be appointed, (who are hereby ieverally and respectively authorised to administer the same) and all Persons so appointed and having taken such Oaths as aforesaid shall be and be deemed to be to all Intents and Purposes Justices of the Peace for the Counties or Ridings for which they shall be so appointed, without any further or other Qualification whatever, as fully and effectuaUr to all Intents and Purposes as if they were included in the general Commissions of the Peace for the Counties or Ridings for which they are appointed, and were duly qualified, and had duly qualified according to Law to act as Justices of the Peace in such Counties or Ridings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to appoint any such Persons as may appear to them to be fit and proper to be denominated Special Conliables for any Hundred or Hundreds, or Division or Divisions of any Count}, or for any Part of any Hundred or Division of any County, although the same may conlift of several Paristies, Townships or Places; and all such Special Constables shall be subjeti to the general Contrcul and Superintendence of the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Divisiac for which they shall be appointed to ad, provided that no Perk* shall be appointed such Special Constable as aforesaid without ha Consent.

Offenders in-

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this dieted if not pro- Ad contained shall extend to prevent any Prosecution by Indictment fecuted under or otherwise for any thing which shall be an Offence within the A&r Intent and Meaning of this Act, and which might have been so pro*

fecuted if this Act had not been made, unless the Offender shall have been prosecuted for such Offence under this Act, and convicted or acquitted of such Offence; save only that no Person shall be prosecuted under the Provisions of this Act, for having been before the passing of this Act a Member of any Assembly or Association by thk Ad declared to be unlawful, if such Person shall not in any manner have acted against the Provisions of this Act after the passing thereof: Persons in Cuf- Provided always, that Nothing herein contained shall extend to dii* tody, &c. at charge any Person in Custody at the passing of this Act, or who pffin| At! liibl having been in Custody shall have been discharged on Bail or Recog-lo Protecuuon. nuance, from any Prosecution which might have been had against such Person if this Act had not been made.

Justices to ip-point Special Constables.

52 GEO- in.

C. 162. 917

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall know- Permitting un-ingly permit any Meeting of any Assembly or Meeting hereby declared kwful Msetin&i. to be unlawful, or of any Division, Branch or Committee of such

Assembly or Meeting, to be held in his or her House or Apartment,

such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, Penalty.

and shall for any such Offence committed after the Date of his or

her Con vision for such First Offence, be deemed guilty of a Mif- Mifflemsanor.

demeanor.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justices on Oath

Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for any County, Riding, of unlawful Division, City, Town or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any If11!*

Sleeting of any Assembly, Meeting or Association by this Act de-

lared to be unlawful, or any Meeting for any unlawful Purpose men- forfaited, ioned in this Act, hath been held after the passing of this Act at any louse, Room or Place, licensed for the Safe of Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences or selling Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors granted to theerson or Persons keeping such House, Room or Place, to have been orfeited; and the Person or Persons so keeping such House, Room r Place, shall from and after the Notice of such Adjudication as foresaid, be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and For-^itures for any Act done after that Day, which such Person or Perms would be subject and liable to if such Licence or Licences had xpired or otherwise determined on that Day.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Act to extend to 'roviflons thereof, shall extend to the several Counties of Chester and certain Countier,ancaster % and the West Riding of Yorksb\re % and such other Coun- pl^?hcr

es or Ridings in England as His Majesty shall from time to time, r mauoa* pon the Representation made by any General Meeting of the Lieu-: ancy of any County or Riding in consequence of any Disturbance icrein, by any Proclamation made by and with the Advice of his rivy Council, declare to be^so disturbed as to make it necessary that le r roviflons of this Act should be enforced therein; and then and such case this Act shall be in full Force as to any such County or ounties or Ridings, from the Day specified in any such Proclama-on, as if such County or Riding had been mentioned in this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be His Majesty wful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Coun- may alter Pro.

1, by Proclamation, to declare that this Act shall be no longer in vision* *Act rce in any Counties specified in this Act, or in any County to which e^Provisions of this Act shall have been extended by Proclamation

[Proviso.]

aforesaid, and from and after the Period specified in any such reclamation, the Powers of this Act shall no longer be in force in ch County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall event or be construed to extend to prevent His Majesty upon such epresentation, and by such Advice as aforesaid, declaring by Pro-imation any such County to be again within the Powers of this d.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Continuance of: >rce until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight Act. indred and thirteen, and no longer.

SNa

C A ?.

A.D. 1812.

918

Ci tfj.

52 GEO. III.

UHt Lyllli of

Prisonei* iu Custody.

CAP. CLXIII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present Condition of the Prisons and Gaols in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

cooler? to make the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison in any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall and is and are hereby required to make a true, exact and petfedl Lilt, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, who upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, was or were, or have since continued to be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lift shall be really aa actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for Or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Coda, Sum or Sums of Money or Contempt for Non-payment of Money, and an Account of the time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were ne-spectively charged in Custody or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained, together with the Artiount of such Debts as the said Prisoner or Prisoners are detained for, and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace their First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty i*espectively.

Coolers to take

II. And be it further enacted, That the Marshal of the Fou: Oath nn delirer- Courts Marshalsea, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other ing Lifts. Prison in any Place or Liberty in Ireland, shall severally on the deli-

vering in of any such Lift of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in open Court of such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; that is to say,

Od(h. ' J A* B. upon my corpral Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God,

do solemnly swear, profess and declare, That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, really, upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred ' and twelve, and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Second Part of the said Lift, now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have since the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve been committed or

furren-

irrendered to the said Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison"] at le Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons whofy Name or Fames is or are therein contained, was or were to the bcft of my knowledge and Belief really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody n the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and velve, as appears by the Returns made tome on his and their ?fp^dive Commitments. So help me GOD.*

uch the said Justices at their First or Second General Quarter Hon or General Session aforesaid, or some Adjournment thereof, hin their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and re-red to administer in open Court, and the Words of the said Oath einbefore directed to be taken by the said Marshal and other eper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively shall be entered or written Lhe End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them pectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, feribed and sworn to in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Person acting as Clerk the Peace of every such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty pebively, in which any such Lilt as aforesaid shall be sworn to, the better Satisfaction of the said Justices and Information of all any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named, and so as the same may m time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Keepers or lolers of any such Prison or Gaol, is and are hereby required Ten lys at lealt before the First or Second General Quarter Session or: neral Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act

the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prison Gaol shall be or to which the same shall belong, to fix up in some nfpicuous Place or Places in every such Prison or Gaol, and at the >ft frequented or usual Gate. Door or Entrance into every such ifoil or Gaol, true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General jarter Sessions or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it furl her enacted, That all and every Person and ?rfons who on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred d twelve were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Nonpayment

any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money which did not in e Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two thousand Pounds, d whose Name or Names shall be inserted in airy such Lift to be divered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be ken, and who (hill perform on his or her Part what is required to f done by him or her by this Act, shall, as to his Person and Effects spectively, be for ever released, discharged and exonerated, to such xtent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and no therwife.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful >r any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, 'lace or Liberty within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such ' ifoner or Prisoners, to any Justice or Justices of the Peace within is-or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Pri-aners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning

Oath administered in open Court.

Lifts kept by Clerk of the Peace, and examined gran*.

Copies of I jilt fixed up ia Triton*, before Delivery t. Sessions.

Prisoners for what Sum discharged.

Justices may, on Prisoners delivering Schedules, issue Warrants to hring them to Quarter Sellioufc

920

A.D. 1812.

Special Stflton.

Schedules tore-main with Clerk of the ^eace.

Debton intend* inj to apply for Dischare to give Notice in Casette.

C. 163.

52 GEO. III.

leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace so petkiooed a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discoverr of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid 5 for which Copy or Copies of such Cause or Causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, who shall make out and transcribe the same at lead Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance, which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices every fuen Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the passing of this Act and the next General Quarter Session or General V Session of the Peace, which would be the means of detaining in Pn-

son a Number of Persons who with their Families are in the greatei

Distress; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after passing this Act, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall (ee proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of erery such Schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Tows, Place or Liberty in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be mfpeded from time to time a6 Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor or Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Act, shall first caute public Notice to be infested m Three several Dublin Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made; and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of Dublin or the County of Dublin, or shall have moved himself by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, thet also in some Newspaper in or near the County, City, Town or Liberty, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be or have been so in Custody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Debtor and

5 Debtor*

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 163. 921

'btors, and the Prison wherein he, she or they is or are confined,

I of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and ntioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respectively, to the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of pub-iin each of such Notices; for the inserting each of the said Noes in the Dublin Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall

paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four pence and no >re; the First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said azettes respectively, and in the said other Newspapers, as the case iy require, Twenty one Days at the least, and the la ft of the said otices Six Days at the least, before any such First or Second Ge-ral Quarter Session or General Session or Adjournment thereof, ill be held as aforesaid, so that as well ^11 the Creditors who have t charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Cre-tors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution or Mcfne Process or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

IX. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and suffi-?nt time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the: hedulc or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or ebtors, be it further enacted, That every such Debtor where he or Debtor* to de shall, according to the Directions of this Act, publish the First liver Schedules to otice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall ircvnue

such Notice declare that the Schedule containing his or her in* to nded Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn > in manner as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of \e Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of le Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be conlined; and every ich Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule j such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy, as the -case may be, before he ull publish such First Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own 'hriftian and Surname, to be attested by any such Keeper, Gaoler

II Deputy, and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver )ne such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or*Deputy, prior to such fig First Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due Proof made of such Neglect to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, here to remain until he or she shall have complied with the Direc-ions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy is hereby lirected and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor's Name: o such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgement of his having received the Original, and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himfols, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within Three Days after Demand made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by pormof Nu icr every Debtor in manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 I \}nfer* ^e Name, Taade, Occupation and Defer if tion, and Two 4*last Placet of Abode, if so many-\ now confined in \jnfert Name i of Prison and County] and not being charged in Custody on the

3 N 4

' Fifth

922

A.D. 1812.

Pi hors proving

Nt rices giveu shall in open Couir deliver in Sch< duh-^and take Oa li.

Oath.

C. 163, 52 GEO. III.

Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, do hereby give this V public Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of certain Info/vent Debtors in Ireland, and I 4 do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing the Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the Keeper or Gaoler, or his Deputy of the said Prison.'

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and counter-signed by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid not being charged as aforesaid on the Fifth Day of Juste One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, who fnali apply to the General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes and Newspapers respectively before mentioned, to the said Justices at any such Session or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the Dublin Gazettes and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid; and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve in the Piifoo or Gaol in which his, her or their Name or Names is or are specified in the Lift delivered in at such First or Second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or Prisons as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and shall in open Court at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule cr Account of all his or her Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of any other nature and kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were in l.is, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, or which he, she or they, or such Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage at any time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts 01 CoutVa6ts (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the following Effect, according to the special Circum-ilai ces, so far as the same shall be confident with the Provisions herein after contained; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God,

4 do solemnly swear, protest and declare, That on the Fifth Day

4 of

52 GEO. III. C. 163. 923

of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, I was really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of in the

Prison or Gaol of at the Suit of

without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever, and that I have ever lince my Commitment continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of without any Fraud or Collu-

Goa whatsoever 5 and that the Schedule now delivered by me and subscribed doth coniaio to the bed of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief a full, just, true and perfect Account and Dif-: overy of all the Goods, Effects and Estates, Real and Personal, n Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of every jther nature and kind whatsoever, which for any Person in Trust.

: or me or for my Benefit or Advantage are seized or possessed of, nterested in or entitled to, or was or were in my Possession, Custody )r Power, or in the Possession, Custody or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or such Person had any Power of dif->ofing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage at any time ince my Commitment to Prison, and of all Debts to me owing,

>r to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Securi-ies and Contracts whereby any Money now is or will or may here-fter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to le or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and he Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom uch Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove ach Debts or Contracts [ifany such there and that neither I, or any Person or Persons in Trust for me or for my Use, have any ^ands, Money, Stock or any Estate Real or Personal, in Poflef-on, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, or of any nature or ind soever, or Power of disposing of or charging for any Benefit r Advantage other than what are in the said Schedule contained, xcept Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, forking Tools and the necessary Implements for my Occupation nd Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five 'ounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty ounds; and that I have not nor any Person for me hath directly r indirectly fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Yuli, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, hattels. Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts or Estates, Real or erfonal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expedfc any rofit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or, feeive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted.any wife howsoever. So help me GOD.'

1 the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Debtor sub- Schedule and jed in the Presence of the Justices in open Session of the Peace Oath subscribed ereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk by Debtors, he Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the ce for the County, City, Liberty, Town pr Place where the same I be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the' ditors of such Debtors, who shall desire or may have Occasion to rt thereto, and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty at season- % times in the Daytime to peruse and examine the same.

A.D. 1812.

Court at Request of Creditor may examine Gaolers on Oath.

Estates, ftc. of Debtor discharged veiled in Clerk of the Peace to be assigned to such Creditors as Court Dull direct hi Trull.

.163. 51# GEO. III.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice* of the Peace

within their respective Jurisdictions at any such General Quarter Session* or General Session or Adjournment thereof, at the Requdt of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorised to cause the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea or sass Deputy, or any other Under Officer, Tipstaff and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, and any other Person within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them and to examine them respectively oc Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken and the Truths thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors, shall not be disproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath; and such Justices, or the major Part of them, present at any such General Quarter Session or General Session or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of lie Oath taken by such respective Debtor, then such Justices fhaTi ia such Session or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners; and everjr such Order shall be sufficient Dtf-charge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers* Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or then against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Elstate, Right, Title, Interest and Trull of such Debtor, of, in and unto all the Real Estate, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts and Effects of every such Debtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be and the same is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place where any Debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignemnt and Conveyance of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justkes at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct, which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper damped, to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest the Debtor had therein; and every Tuck Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, in respect of or in Proposition to their respective Debts 5 and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time

to

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 163.

925

to time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Effects of any such Debtor* and also to execute any Trust or Power veiled in or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or them and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be requisite; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor, and shall with all eonver nient Speed make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor veiled in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion or Expectancy, the same, within the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by Publick Auction, in such manner and at such Place as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the Dublin Gazette, or in some Daily Paper printed and published at Dublin, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor dwelled before he or she was commits ted to Prison Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his Hand or their Hands agree on 5 and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months at farthest, from the time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and Effects which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her Creditors, in Proposition and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath in Writing before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in which any inch Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published. Thirty Days at lead before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his Debt by Oath or due Proof in Writing before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairoefs of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors (o dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, City, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act, at the next General Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any

deceased

A % nees to get in Debtor'a Efseas,

ami to make Dividends.

Notice of making Dividends giveifc

Assignees or Heirs not delivering over Effects, or Balance arrested.

A.D. 1812.

92 6

C. 163.

52 GEO. III.

Creditors for Annuities payable at tuture time to receive Dividencjs as under Commission of Bankruptcy.

Estate* of Debt-ers not inserted in Schedule veiled in Clerk of the Peace.

Holders of Securities without Confident ion not entitled to Benefit.

Estates to veil in Clerk of the Peace for time being.

deceased Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part of sech Estate or Eficfts, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Estate or Effects found to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Act, or until such Court shall make x>ther Order to the contrary.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Indemnity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants or other Securities of any nature whatsoever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and may and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force, if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the same would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

XVI. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors, from any Neglect or Omission in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Estate Real or Personal belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this Act, be it enacted, That all the Estates, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she or they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and takes to be Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule though not inserted therein; and shall in like manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act-

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Estate of such Debtor, unless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General Quarter Session or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the same bona Jide and for good or valuable Consideration.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Eslate, Right, Title, Interdl or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors shall Have vetted by the Authority of this Act, every such Eslate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting

A.D. 1812.

9*7

52 GEO. III. C. 163.

is Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to ill Intents and Purposes whatsoever under the Provinons of this Act.

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor or Debtors* Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the najor Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet ogether pursuant to a Notice to be given at lead Ten Days before nch Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette or other Newspaper which shall e published in the Neighbourhood of the lad Rendence of such Debtor or Debtors for that Purpose.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in his Ad shall extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Estate of such Debtor r Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, \nements or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate or Effects com-rifed in or charged or afleded by such Mortgage or Mortgages, 'harges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, tatute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or btained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the ands, Tenements or Real Estates of such Debtor or Debtors; and Ifo where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Sta-lte or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken ut and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judg-ient, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any ich Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of any such Debtor spectively shall be subjed thereto, in the first place, for so much i shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, ecognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as such Mort-agees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by latute, Recognizance or Judgment, who have been preferred to hers, Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal state of such Debtor or Debtors respectively if this Act had not en made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act arefeifed and po defied of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates for One, Two or Three Lives in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or Personal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for their own Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors; Be it therefore enacted t the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and every e PowerB of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, d all such other Power* as aforesaid over Real or Personal Estate, hich are or shall be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the eal and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, to by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and ery the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any Gene-I or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to

which

No Suit in Law or Equity without Consent of Majority of Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of Cl.ums of an inferior nature.

Power of leafing Lands, kc, veiled in Assignees.

Gaoler on Rt-quest of Creditor lwom.

j>2t 0.163. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

Oath.

If Person delivering in Lift was not Gaoler on 5th June x8n, to take following Oath.

Oath

which any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoner8 who shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer and give to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 T do swear, That

was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody in the Prison of

or in Custody in some other Prison [as

the case may be] to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief,t or upon

the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, ami that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his [or, her]

4 Commitment or Detainer now by me brought, with the Body of the said and produced to the said Court,

is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of such

Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or

any other Person whatsoever, to the bed of my Knowledge and

4 Belief. So help me GOD.*

And if any Person who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol on the said Fifth Day of sum One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or (ince, shall not happes to be the Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the time any such Lid as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such SefBons, or at wy Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Keeper of Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, and deliver in such Lid as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect. following; that is to say,

4 J do swear. That I have examreed

the Commitments or Books kept of or concerning the Commitments of Prisoners to the Prison of and that I

4 do verily believe that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment are really true and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was,

4 on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve,

really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison or Gaol, [or, other Prison, as the case may he J without Fraud or Deceit by me or ariy other Person or Persons to my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.

Debtors di

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Persons entitled to charged not liable the Benefit of this Act shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned by rea^on"7 Judgment or Decree obtained for Non-payment of to 5th June*101 Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Nob-payment 01 Money, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 but that upos every Arred upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debu, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it (h&Uaod

nay

1

929

52 GEO. III. C. 163.

r be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or any Two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Lcr of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of lody such Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner Prisoners the Costs he, she or they shall have incurred on such: alion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so dc* on such Prisoners causing a Common Appearance to be cred for him on every such Action or Suit.

XXIV. And whereas under former Acts of this kind, Doubts are arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied t any Session to be discharged, who owed and stood charged with Jebts as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by thee-pe6tive Acts y to remedy which, be it therefore enacted, That no I'rifonersnot tlf-ifoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subse- charged of Debts ent to the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and subsequent elve 5 and if it shall appear to the Justices at any Session or Ad- 'u11*1*1* iroment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners then applying to them to discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as

bsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hun-ed and twelve, that in such caies it shall and may be lawful to and r the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account all Debts incurred previous to the said Fifth Day of June One oufand eight hundred and twelve, and to remand him or her back to le Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was ought, for all Debts which he or she (lands charged with in his ustody incurred subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One toufand eight hundred and twelve.

XXV. And be it farther enabled, That if any Action of Escape, General Ifliiew r any Suit or Action be brought against any Justice or Justices of the

'eace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, for performing their )ffice in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, nd give this Act in Evidence, and if* the Plaintiff be nonsuited or dif* ontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him or Judgment upon demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs. Treble Cfts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias or may be \ftion of Debt or upon Judgment shall be brought against any Pri- pleaded generally oner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, upon any y Priloiurs. fudgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said Fifth

Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with respect: o Prisoners in actual Custody on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison or in same other Prison at such a Person's Suit, on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Session or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Liberty, City, Town or Place (as his, or her or their case is) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before

the

A.D. 1812.

Treble Cnfts. Act not to extend to Attor-ne or Servant* embezzling Money

Nor to Persons obtaining Monty on falte Pre-tenets.

Nor to Prisonerz remanded to Prison under Infol-verit A&y for fraudulently obtaining Money, Jtc.

c.irf3. 520 Geo. nr.

the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to plead in discharge of his or her Person from Execution foyer asd above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt or Sum of Monet

ias the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the Fifth )ay of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff flxa.il or stay reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply j any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the Plaintiff might hate re-

plied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge'by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, dti-continue his Action, or Verdict pass against him or Judgment or Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Costs: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to release or discharge any Attorney at Daw, Solicitor or icy other Person or Persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money or other Effects recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by acy Attorney, Solicitor or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their awn Use, or to refeafe or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Person or Perfuse employed or entrafted as such with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, fhc or they shall Hand charged for or orr account of any Money, Goods or other Effects received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Use and on account of his, her or their Matter or Matters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas many evil disposed Persons, to suppoit*their profligate way of Life, have by various subtile Stratngens,

Threats and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money,

Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Brllsof Exchange, PromilTorr*Notes or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of indus- trious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit f Be it enacted, That no Prisoner who, knowingly and defigoedly by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons, Monies, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of x-change, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any I Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoners shall be J brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoners to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no Prisoner who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Act heretofore patted for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having secretlyor fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects, which were lub-jft or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Act, by having made any fiiu-13 duleut

D- 1812.

s 2' GEO. III. C. 1^3. J>31

nt Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alignment, since his or her: >rifonment, to the Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, or who have obtained a Discharge under such former Ad fraudulently, shall have taken an Oath under such Ad, any Part of which Was true, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under; Ad; but the Justices at any General or other Sefuon of the ce, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner 1 be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satis-ion, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or ?per of the Prison, from which he or she shall have been brought;

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Pro- Nor to Person* ed also, that no Person charged in Execution for Damages reco- charged in Exe-ed in any Action for Criminal Conversation with the Wife of the cut, c, nfor Da-intiff in such Action, or in any Action for seducing or carnally "nX&ionfor* >\ving the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Criminal Con* ^ion for a malicious Prosecution, or in any Action for any other verfation, &c. licious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Act, except cmly in es where the Plaintiff in inch Actions respectively shall be dead,

1 no Person shall have obtained Pr.obate of the Will or Letters of Lministration of the Effects of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months er the Decease of such Plaintiff.

XXIX. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Land, Mef-iiages, Houses and other Premises have, with fraudulent Intent to lifappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the stock. Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other F.ffeds which were fubr ed and liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the said Rents; ' it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners who in a Nor to Person# ret, clandestine or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused removing Effect# be removed within Six Years any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, of Value of zol. >ods or Effects of the Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, which J, a^e l.of Cn, f' re subject or liable to be distrained by their respective Landlord or ra, UC or*mdlords, for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such andlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or ents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or ider this Act, but shall, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; any thing hereinbe-re contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided such Proof all be thereof made as is hereinbefore required upon Objediojis or xceptions to be made under this present Act.

XXX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody of Law or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alignment hath been fraudulently made to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honcll Creditor, though sufficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design Be it enacted, Nor to Person# hat whenever it shall be proved by One or more credible Witness filing, Stc, Hf-r Witnesses to the Satisfaction of the Court to which any Prisoner

lallbe brought up in order to obtain his or her Discharge, that ich Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to any Person or Persons all or any Part of his Estate or Effects subsequent to ie time of his Imprisonment without just Cause for so doing, to be (lowed by the Juuices presiding in such Court as aforesaid, every

p Geo. III.

3o

93

A.D. 1812.

Debtor* refusing to discover Trade, &c. of Person at whose Suit detained, excluded Benefit of Act.

Prisoners in Custody for Prison Fee* difdurged.

Prisoners in Custody for Contempt of Court, & c. discharged.

Act not to extend to Debt ors Of Crown or Offenders.

C. i<?3. 52 GEO. III.

such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that be might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge, and every such Sale, Transfer, Convey: nee or Assignment is hereby declared null and void

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor being thereunto required by any Creditors, flrall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or last Place of Abode of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is or was detained or charged in Custody, or if any Prisoner being called for, and desired by any Creditor or Creditors to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined., shall refuse to come, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary, every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others who were in Prison on or before the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands die or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons committed by any Courts of Law or Equity for Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, or for not paying of Cods duly and regularly ordered to be taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose, or upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for or grounded on the Noa Payment of Money, Costs or Expences in any Cause or Proceedings in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of such Court relating thereto, and who were in Custody on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and have ever since continued, and now are in Custody for the same, shall be entitled to all the Be* nefits and Provisions of this Act, subject to the same Terms, Conditions and Restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against aay Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed agaioi any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall certify their Confect under their Hands to the said Justices at their laid

933

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 163.

Sessions or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner is aforesaid.

XXXV. And whereas under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble m attending every Session and Adjournment during the whole Continuance of this Act, to oppose the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, having been before one Session'and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged; ' to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever Determination le Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be of Justices final, nal to all Intents and Purposes, unless otherwise ordered and com- unless Debtor landed by His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, by His r, d of 0b* Majesty's Writ of Mandamus to be issued forth of the said Court, Discharge. nlefs the Debtor shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid f the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge 5 id that the same may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby quired to state the Objections why such Debtor's Discharge is fused by them; and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful and for the Justices at some one subsequent Session or Adjourned ession, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after ne shall ive been so remanded, upon Application from such Debtor, and te Proof on Oath made to them by Two or more credible Wit-/Tcs (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer} of such bjedion or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served lead Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or reditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise ferted in the Dublin Gazette in manner before directed by this Act, order such Debtor to be once more, but only one time more, ought before them, and if no other Obiedion or Objections shall en be made to the Discharge of such Debtor by any Creditor or editors, or being made, the same shall be over-ruled by the Justices ?n present, and they shall then be of Opinion the said Debtor is titled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be eu-led to the Benefit of this Act, and to order him or her to be dif-arged, he or ffie taking the Oath, and in all other respects con* ming to he Directions of this Act.

XXXVI. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who lay claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of n Estate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Heredita-lents, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expedant, they ave by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine orines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries,

'hereby such Person or Persons said Freehold Lands, Tenements xid Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, id be delivered up according to the Terms of this Act for the enefit of their Creditors Be it therefore further enacted, That Estates of which every such case, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, Prisonen seised who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, in Taft delivered all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and UPt0 Creditors, m, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, ements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the same shall be delivered to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Pfrjfoner, in the same j O 2 5I, manner

934

A.D. 1812.

0.163.

52 GEO. III.

apply (or further Examination of Debtors to Two Justices.

manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, fuffored a Common Recovery or Recoveries and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithllan^bg.

XXXVII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled toand claim the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be entitled to luiidry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of EHates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders or other coatingent Estates, Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Trulls or Interests in Fdlates both Real and Personal, which may # not he fuffiacntly described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may waot his Aid and Assistance to adjuil, make out, recover or manage, for the Benefit of his Creditors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the resptdive Assignees of the Estate and Efteds of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain hie, her or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, where fcch Debtor or Debtors shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her or their Estate or Effects, whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means, as they {haH think fit, acd upon such Debtors appearing shall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignees shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him or them relating to the Discovery of his, her or their Estate or Effects a vested or intended to be verted in such Clerk of the Peace, Tows Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of such Assignee as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Jutlicts, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to'commit ImprKbfflnent. to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Main prize until such time as he, she or they shall submit him, her or themlelns to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Queiliow as shall by such Justices be put to him, her or them, for the Par* poses aforesaid.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, it it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not tnsy

the*

Fraudulent Discharges void.

93 S

A.D. 1812. 52 GEO. III. C. 163.

then and in every such case every such Discharge shall be void and of, ione Effect.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful at Assignee* with ill times hereafter for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Content of Ma. Effects of any Debtor or Debtors who shall be chosen iu pursuance of jmy Value his Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value uf ot Creditors, he Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be present at a 5Xsimd?ub-Vleeting, to be had on Twenty one Days' Notice being previously mit l)iroutes to fiven for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, if in Custody at Dublin or Arbitratioa. n the County of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette^ and if in any other Mace in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, then also i some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City or Mace in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, o make Compositions to any Person or Persons or Accountants to uch Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or easonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can pon any such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such )ebts and Accounts, and also to submit any Difference or Dispute etween such Assignee or Assignets, and any Person or Persons for r on account or by reason or means of any Matter, Cause or Thing dating to the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or to ly Debt or Debts due or claimed to be due to or from such Debtor r Debtors, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators to be rofen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of ich Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such )ifference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Empire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the fatters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such manner as le said Assignee or Assignees with such Consent as aforesaid shall link fit and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the Cre-itors of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Aflig-=es is and are hereby indcinnilied for what they shall fairly (Jo in the remifes in pursuance of this Act.

XL. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should

become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors not got,

in, obtained or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant to the Direction of the several Acts, at the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whole Heir or Heirs Executors, Adr

ministrators and Assigns refuse to act or meddle therein to re*

edy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases it shall and may be if Atfigneesdl*,

wful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to others chosea,

lufe a new Assignee or Assignees in manner and Form as herein-

rfore is directed, and to obtain a new Assignment from the Clerk

r the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as

Clerk of the Peace pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and

hich said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered

direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of

ch former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs,

xecutors, Administrators or Assigns, to act or meddle therein), and

e said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other

fficer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby empowered to obey the

me, and execute such Assignment accordingly, in manner and

: >rm, as if no former Alignment had ever ^)een the fa^ Affig*

e or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or

her Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all

93<S

AJ>. 1813.

Courts on Complaint may remove A % nees.

Where mutual Credit fiven, Balance fated.

C. 163.

520 Geo. in.

Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them or any of them, by this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Affi^ns shall refuse to act, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by the Act; and the said Justices shall have Power in a luminary way to oblige their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the iof this Act.

XLI. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts it Dublin, and the Courts of limited Jurisdiction in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Proccfa issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer in Irtish or any One of them, from time to time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Irtsufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of asy such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors fail from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees foremoved or displaced, and be vetted in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same manner and for the same Intents and Purposes as the same were before vetted in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ail cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Parts, to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned, and oothing more shall be deemed to be vetted in such Clerk of the Peace or Town

Clerk,

A.D. 1812.

937

52 GEO. III. C. 163.

Dlerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her or them "espectively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly Hated.

XLIII. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts for not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Coils duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo or other Process, for or grounded on the Non Payment of Money, Coils or Expences, in some Cause or proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt to such Court relating thereto; it is hereby declared and enabled. That all such persons not pay-r'ersons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and i g Monies ubjed to the lame Terms, Conditions and Restrictions as are herein awarded, Costs, xpressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.c*'

XLIV. And whereas a great Number of pour People have been pclp nshnpri-and are now imprisoned for Debt upon Processes issuing out of font(j by Courts Courts of Confidence, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all of Conscience uch Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of tkis Ad, and entitled to Bene-e discharged under the same, provided he, she or they conform to Actt* he Directions hereinbefore prescribed touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Per- Having taken on who shall have taken the Benefit of any rtd heretofore passed Bene fit of lnfol-or the Relief of insolvent Debtors within the Space of Five Years aft pall, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under t^v*tje*[*his Ad, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning ijcf. hereof so as to be discharged under the same; any thing herein-efore contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cates whatsoever insolvent on re-he insolvent, upon his releasing any interest he or (He may have in le-sing Interest in he Residuum of his or her Estate, shall and ma\ be admitted as Re(uiue good and sufficient Witness in any Action or cauft to be iuftkuted y his or her Assignee or Assignees, for the Recovery of any Debts ue to the said insolvent, in the same manner as a Bankrupt may fter obtaining his Cerficate.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bankrupt* horn 'rifoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall have issued ftr availed by nd shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certi-cate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning bankrupts under such Commission duly allowed, shall be discharged y virtue of this Act from any Debt which shall have been or may e proved under such Commission, unless such Commission shall have Iued, and such Bankrupt shall have duly furreadered himself or her*

?lf to the Commissioners or the major Part of them namv-d in the lid Commission, Two Years at the least before the passing of this Id, and shall in all things have duly conformed himself or herfifclf to lie several Statutes concerning Bankrupts, and unless the major Part f the Commissioners named in such Commission shall specially certify, diich they are hereby authorised to do it they shall think fit, that ich Bankrupt has so duly conformed, and has m their Opinion made full and fair Disclosure of all his or her Estate or Effects, and in all

3  4 r r, r, alr thing8

93*

A.D. 1812.

Notire* of Bunk-rupt how r.gu-Utd.

When Commis-ficii superfided Discharge void.

Chief Justice of K. B kc. to appoint Barrister to cniidtr c il'e* of Imprisomnem where Debt exceeds 2, 0001.

At request of Creditors Gaolers examined on Oath at Session*, touching Commitments.

Disobeying Orders of Justices.

C. 163.

2 Geo. m.

things conducted himself or herself properly under such Commission; and in all such cases such Bankrupt shall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under such Commission, in the same manner and upon the same Terms 2* any other Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Att, and shall and may be discharged as to Personal Arrest, for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commission; but lieverthclefs such Bankrupt and his or her Effects shall in all other respects whatsoever remain subject to the Laws in force eoc-cerning Bankrupts, as he or she would have been if this Act had not been made: Provided always, that in the Notices to be given by such Bankrupt and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provisions of this Act, such Bankrupt shall be described ss a Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt has issued and is IhQ in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Cos-formity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed; and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of huor her Estate and Effects, shall swear that he or she has made a full Diu closure of his or her Effects under the said Commission, and that beer (he has no Estate or Effefis which can be veiled in an Assignee undrc this A A, all the Estate and Effefis of such Bankrupt being vested in the Assignee or Assignees under such Commission, by virtue of inch Commission, and the Assignment made in pursuance thereof: Provided always, that in case such Commission shall at aoy time thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the Discharge which shall be obtained by virtue of this Act, shall be null and void.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Kiag's Bench, tie Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer respectively, to nominate and appoint a Barrister, and each of them is hereby required so to do, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration Application h cases of Imprisonment where the Debt shall amount to a Sum exceeding Two thousand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the farce, according to the Provisions of this Act, under the Authority of Rck to be made by the said superior Courts, where it shall appear to them to be just and fitting.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace or any Adjourned Session of the Peace are hereby authorised, at the requet*of any Creditor of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at foroe certain time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifofl or Gaol within their respective Jurisdictions on the Fifth Day of Jtv One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or at any other time, and examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such Session or Adjourned Session shall think fit 5 and if any such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, shall refuse or neglect to attend or being convened as aforesaid, or attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovm on the Freniifes as shall be reasonably required, at such Session or Adjourned Session, he or they so offending in the Premise*, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person

D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 163.

9 39

?rfon who shall foe for and recover the same in any of His Majesty's penalty, aurts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of Gaoler and Prin-y Prison, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall without just ttr of Gazette or ause, to be approved by the Justices attome General Quarter Session Newspaper not General Session of the Peace or some Adjourned Session of the cace within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring Act. ly such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General uarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned rilion of the Peace, as shall be directed and required by Warrant of ly Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, or de-^nedly omit to insert in any such Lift as aforesaid, the Name or lames of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were act ually 1 Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol on the said Fifth lay of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or shall ne-left or refuse to make out, fix up or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid, or to take any of the Oaths before mentioned and by this Act quired to be taken by him, or to conform to the Directions hereby iven him in respect to the Schedules intended to be delivered in by tiy such Prisoner or Prisoners; or shall detain any such Prisoner after e or (he shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the hiblin Gazette or other Newspaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or egleft to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, n reasonable Request made to him for that Purpose, every such fceeper or Gaoler, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and every ich Printer as aforesaid for every such Offence shall respectively for-; it and pay to such Prisoner in every such case injured, the Sum of )ne hundred Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with Treble Penalty.

'ofts of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any f His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoign,

'roteftion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall e allowed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler or Perjury. Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison shall, in taking any of the )aths aforementioned, forswear and perjure himself, and shall be hereof lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper >r Gaoler, shall (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury) upon every such Conviction, forfeit and >ay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any )f His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoign,

Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be illowed, by and in the Name of any Creditor or Creditors of any iich Prisoner or Prisoners who shall sue for the same; and the same vben recovered shall be applied One Moiety to such Creditor or Creditors suing for the same, and the other Moiety towards Satisfac-; ion of the Debts of such Prisoner or Prisoners.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper or Gaoler making Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, shall make or cause to be selfe Entries, made any false Entry or Entries in any Book belonging to any Prison under his Care, or shall prepare to keep or cause to be kept any false Book or Books in order for any falle or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall knowingly and wilfully produce and shew any Book wherein any false or untrue Entry or Entries have or

hath

A.D. 1812.

940

C. 163.

5 2'Geo. in.

[Penalty.]

Gaolers not per-ltvning Prii'oners to be spoken with, or Entry in Books of Pri-lon to be seen.

[Penalty.]

Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Discharges.

[Penalty.]

Perjury.

hath been made as and for a Book containing tree and genuine Entries, or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who were or was not is actual Custody as aforesaid, (except as in the Oath of any such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall be excepted) every such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall for every such Fraud, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by and in the Name acd for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be injured by any such Fraud, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Effoi/n, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed

LIII. And belt further enacted, That every Gaoler or Keeper* Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall and he is hereby required to suffer any Person or Persons deOring the same, to fee and (peak with, in the Day-time, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, in forae convenient Room or Place in the said Prison, any Prisoner or Prisoners whose Names are inserted in the before mentioned List or Lists, or the Dublin Gazette, or other Newspapers, in mauner aforesaid, and also to fee in the true and genuine Book or Books of the said Prifos the Entry and Entries made of the Name and Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Names or Name of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he, she or they are detained 5 and if any foeh Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper, shall refute or neglect so to do, every such Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper so offending, shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refiifed and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty, s Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refusedfand aggrieved.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give any such Prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication, on being paid for the same the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or shall demand or take more for the same than the Sum of Two Shilling; and Six pence, or shall take more than Five Shillings for an Argument or Conveyance of any Prisoner's Eftete or Effects, every facb Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and be convicted thereof at any such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pound*, and the Justices at such Session or Adjourned Session are hereby authorised and empowered to order and cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner who (hiD Come or be brought up at any General Quarter Session or General

SdBo*

941

52 GEO. III. C. 163, 164, 165.

iession of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, under the >rovisions of this Act, shall wilfully forswear or perjure himself or crfelf in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully onvidled thereof, he or she so offending shall suffer such Punish-ier, t as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and orrupt Perjury, and moreover shall not be entitled to any Benefit, >rivilege or Advantage under this Act; any thing in the same to he contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this \.dl an Oath is required to be taken, the solemn Affirmation of any 'erson being a Quaker shall and may be taken and accepted in lieu hereof; and that every Person who shall, in making such solemn Af-rmation, knowingly and wilfully affirm what is false and untrue, and lall be thereof convicted, shall incur and be liable to such and the ame Punishment, Penalties and Disabilities as Persons convicted of dlful and corrupt Perjury by Law are liable to and incur, and shall urther and moreover incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as re inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful nd corrupt Perjury in like cases.

CAP. CLXIV. in Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

[29th July 1812.]

' Treasury to cause Exchequer Bills for 3, 000, 0001. to be made out in; manner aired! ed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.  1, 2. Exchequer Bills chargeable on the First Supplies. $3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest: not exceeding $\d. per Cent. ter Diem, 4. Exchequer Bills to: be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after April $9 1813. $5.

Bank may advance 3, 000, 000k on the Credit of this Act, not-: withstamling 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.  $6* aoo, ooool. out of the ! Supplies granted for Ireland, 7.

CAP. CLXV.

In Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

[30th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present crowded State of the Prisons and Gaols in England and Wales, that some of the Prisoners confined therein, truly surrendering their Effects to their Creditors, should be liberated, and enabled to pursue their different Professions and Occupations; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler if any Prison in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place r Liberty within England or Wales, shall and is and are hereby retired to make a true, exact and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the same or Names of all and every Person or Persons who upon the rifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve was or ?ere, or have iince continued to be under the Terms and Conditions

herein

Affirmation of Quakers taken.

Perjury.

Gaolers to make out Lills of Prisoners in Custody on June 5, 1812.

94*

A.D. 1812.

Gaolers to take Oath on delivering in Lift*.

Oath administer-d* in open Court.

C. 165. 52 GEO. III.

herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lift fhaD be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of such Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of any Prison respectively, upon any Procets whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non Payment of Money 5 and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prifoners was or were respectively charged in Custody or received in Pr.son, together with the Name or Name3 of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained, together with the Amount of such Debts as the said Prisoner or Prisoners are detained for; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General Quarter Seffioc or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Division, Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majestyh Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's Bench Prifoo, sad every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty in England or Wales, shall severally, on the delivering in nf any such Lift of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of such General Quarter Session or General Stfiioa of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; that is to say,

J A, B.j upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty

God, do solemnly swear, profess and declare. That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are infeTted asd

contained in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the Prison of

\jnfert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are ir.ferted 1 or contained in the Second Part of the said Lift, now by me deb

vered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, fmee the said Fifth Day

of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, been committed or

surrendered to the said Prison of [insert the Name of the Prifvi]

at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and that the Person or Persons whoTe Name or Names is or are therein contained, was or were, to the best of my

Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners mutual Custody

on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and

twelve, as appears by the Returns made to me on his and their re.

1 spective Commitments. So help me GOD.*

Which the said Justices, at their First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the said Warden and (Marshal respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, mail be entered or written at the End or Bottom of thrf Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and

*3

trrerj

>. I 8 I 2.

943

2 GEO. III. C.i6$.

y such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn Lifts kept by n pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, C, erle of kt\ Clerk or other Officer adding as Clerk of the Peace of every a"^wm, Qed i County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively in which 8 such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satis-ion of the said Justic'es, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Toners therein named, and so as tlfe same may fron> time to time seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Toners, without Fee or Reward.:

[II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Keeper or Copy of Lifts ider. Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison or Gaol is and are UP in eby required, Ten Days at least before the First or Second Gene- Pnlonsbefor# Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after sessionsJt0

passing of this Act, for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty which any Prison or Gaol shall be, or to which the same shall be-ig, to fix up in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such ifon or Gaol, and at the most frequented or usual Gate, Door or atrance into every such Prison or Gaol, true Copies of the Lift

Lifts proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper Gaoler at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, or some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Prisoners for ns who on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred not id twelve were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Non Pay- dftcha^ed000* ent of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did 8 ot in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two thousand ounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such, Ul to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby di-->sted to be taken, and who shall perform on his or her Part what; required o be done by him or her by this Act, shall as to his ^rfon and Effects respectively be for ever released, discharged and xonerated, to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after proved, and no otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Chief Justice of he Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord K.B &c.toap-uhief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Point Better Baron of the Court of Exchequer respectively, to nominate and ap- tof fonb?rcr point a Barrister, and each of them is hereby required so to do, for wheTeDebt"6^ the Purpose of taking into Consideration Applications in cases of exceeds a.ooool. Imprisonment where the Debt shall amount to a Sum exceeding Two thousand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the same according to the Provisions of this Act, under the Authority of Rules to be made in the said Superior Courts, or by a Judge's Order at Chambers, where k shall appear to them to be just and fitting.

VI. And w'hereas many honest but unfortunate Persons whole

Debts exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, although willing

to surrender their Effects for the Benefit of their Creditors, have been confined in Gaol many Years, and but for the Interposition of the Legislature will be doomed to perpetual Imprisonment Be it Further Exten-therefore enacted, That all and every the Person or Persons who on Eon of Relief in the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve wher^was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts not ex- been in Custody seeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and who Five or Ten shall hive been confined in any Gaol or GaoU of the United King- Years.

dom

V44

A.D. 1812.

Justices may, on Pnfonersdeliver-ing Schedules, issue WariantJ to bring them to Quarter or General Sessions.

Special Session.

C. 165. 52 GEO. III.

dom of Great Britain for the Space of Five Years for such or any other Debt or Debts, and all and every Person or Persons who 00 the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts to any Amount, and who shall have been confined in any Gaol or Gaols of the United Kingdom of Great Britain for such or 3ny other Debt or Debts for the Space of Ten Years, shall on taking the Oath hereby directed to be taken by other Debtors claiming their Discharge4 under this Act, and in all other respects performing on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, be respectively discharged, released and exonerated, as to his Person and Effects, to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England and Wales, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices so petitioning, a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or foot Adjournment thereof next ensuing after every such Petition, (and at the Foot of which said Schedule the Gaoler or other proper Officer shall set forth and sign the Amount of the Debt or Debts with which such Prisoner was charged on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of nis or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which be, file or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol aforesaid at the time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of such Cause or Causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Pipers, or other proper Officer or Person, who shall make out and transcribe the same, at least Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

1 VIII. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the passing of this Act and the next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, which would be the means of detaining in

Prison a Number of Persons who with their Families are in the

greatest Distress Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any Coon* ty, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after

passing

945

SV GEO. III. C. 165.

ling this Act, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths and er the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper. fX. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such ledule, which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be thwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other ficer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, ice or Liberty in which the same shall have been so left, there to lain and be inspected from time to time as Occasion shall require, any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the ne.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and ?btors confined in any. Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom led England and Wales, who shall intend to apply to be discharged d exonerated under this Act, shall first cause public Notice to be erted in Three several London Gazettes, previous to such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace or Adjournment ereof, at which such Application shall be made; and if such ebtor shall be in Custody in any such Gaol, out of London or e Weekly Bills of Mortality, or shall have been moved by Habeas trpus from any such Gaol out of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, the Gaol whereof he or she shall be or have been so in Custody, mtaining the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the wo last Places of Abode (if so many) of every such Debtor and debtors, and the Prison wherein he, she or they is or are confined, id of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, id mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respec* vely to be the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time F publi filing each of such Notices $ and for the inlerting each of the id Notices in the London Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there tall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four pence and 3 more; the First of which laid Notices shall be so inserted in the lid Gazettes respectively and in the said other Newspapers, as the afe may require, Twenty one Days at the least, and the last of the iid Notices Six Days at the least before any such First or Second ieneral Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, tall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have ot charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Credi-3rs who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on defne Process or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

XI. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and fuf-icient time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or debtors, be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, where he or be shall, according to the Directions of this Act, publi (h the First Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall n such Notice declare that the ScheduleVontaining his or her in-ended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn o in manner as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of he Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of he Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to 12 such

Schedules transmitted to Clerk of the Peace.

Debtois intendin' to apply for Discharge, to give Notice in Gazette, &c.

Debtors to deliver Schedules to Gaoler, previous to first Notice.

94*

A.D. 1812.

C. 165. 52 GEO. III.

such Keeper, or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the case may be, before be shall publish such Ficft Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her ova Christian Name and Surname, to be attested by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy; and in case any Debtor shall Qegled or refute to deliver One such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prioT to such his First Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she upon du? Proof made of such Neglect or Refusal, to the Satisfaction of ti e Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall hare complied with the Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoirt to receive the same, within Thirty Days after Demand made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Eitect following; that is to say.

Form of Notice.*J \insert the Namey Trade, Occupation and Descriptm,

and the Two last Places of Abode, if so many] now confined h

\insert the Name of the Prtfon\ and not being charged in Custody on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money exceeding in the Whole the Sum of as the case may he9 and if claim*

ing to be discharged on account of the Length of Time of Impri/sn-1 mentf then to set Jorth the Time] do hereby give this [Firil, Second

or Third] public Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit of aa

Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled \_here set forth the Title of this Act % and if it be the frj

Notice, then add-\ And I do hereby give Notice, that a true ad

perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all ray Real and Personal

Estate hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any

Creditor applying for the same to the Keeper or Gaoler or h:

Deputy of the said Prison.'

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and couater-signed by the Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison.

Debtor* proving XI ll. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as afore-Noticestohaye said not being charged as aforesaid, on the said Fifth Day of Jew in openVCourt 0, le thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts,

deliver in eemiu Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount thsmth

Schedule* and Sum of Two thousand Pounds, who shall apply to the General Quar-

ake Oath. ter Session or General SefDon of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes and Newspapers respectively before mentioned to the said Justices at any such Session or Adjournment thereof, thit such Notices were inserted in the London Gazettes and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid, and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner

947

5v Geo. ni.

C. 165.

r Prisoners on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight undred and twelve in the Prison or Gaol in which his, her or their sTame or Names is or are specified in a List delivered in at such rirft or Second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some ther Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and shall open Court at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, r any Adjournment thereof, subscribe or deliver in a true Schedule r Account of all his or her Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, Reminder or Expectancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or te, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or er Use, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or en-itled unto, or was or were in his, her or their Possession, Custody orower, or which he, she or they, or such Person or Persons had anyower of dispoting of, or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Aa-antage, at any time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Tame of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live r may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them re* pectively owing, and how the same respectively became due and are ?cured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Wiring, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the sveral Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contrails; and shall lfo make Oath and swear to the following Effect, according to he special circumstances, so far as the same shall be confident with the 'rovisions herein after contained; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest and declare, that on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, I was really a id truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of in the

Prison or Gaol of without any Fraud or Collu-

fion whatsoever; and that I have ever fmce my Commitment continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of [or mentioning some other Prison, as the case may be-] or within the Liberties thereof, without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief, a full, just, true and perfrct Account and Discovery of all the Goods and Effects, Estates Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of every other Nature and Kind whatsoever, which I or any Person in Trull for me or for my Benefit or Advantage are seised or possessed of, interested in or entitled unto, or was or were in my Possession, Custody or Power or in the Possession, Custody or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or such Person had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, at any time since my Commitment to Prison; and of all Debts to me owing or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me or to my Ule, cr to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts (if any such there be); and that neither I nor any

3 r^l Person

52 Geo. III.

Ouh>

A.D. tlu,

949 C.i 6$, 3 GEO. III.

Sdtsdule tnd Oath ful&ribed by Debtors.

Caurt, at Re* ^ueft of Creditor*, may examine Gaolers 00 Oath.

Estate*, 8tc. of Debton di-

Person or IVrfons in Tryft for me, or for my Use* hire my Lank,

Money, Stock, or any Eft ate Real or Perianal, in Possessioo, Re-

verfioa, Remainder or Expedaocy, or of any Nature or Kind soever, of Power of difpefing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing A p parol and Bedding for tnyfelf and Family, Workng Tools, and the necessary Implements for ay Occnpados tad Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Poouk, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of 'niirty Poaads; and that I have not, nor any Person for me, hath dnr&ly or hiredly fold, lefleocd or otherwif* conveyed, dispofird of in Trust, er concealed all or any Part of my Land#, Money, Goods, Chattel Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts or Estates Real or Perkaii, whereby to (ecure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with on latent to defraud or deceive in Creditor or Creditors to whom I ao or was indebted in any via how (never. So help me GOD.

And the had Schedule and Oath shaft be by every Inch Debtor fob (bribed in the Presence of the Justicet in ooen Session of the fmt as hereby dkeded, and shall be kept by and remain with the Qsi of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer atiing as Clerk of tk Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where tk same Audi be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of d the Creditors of such Debtors who shall defise or may have Occx&oi to resort thereto; and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, M in-sonable times in the Day-time, tp peruse and examine the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictiont at any such General Qtute Seffipn8 or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Reqwft of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby ittk> riaed to cause the Deputy Warden and Marital of the Fleet m King's Bench Prison, or any other under Officer, Tiplaff ai T umkey of any Prison or Gaol, or any other Per (bn within tkr respective Jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine tka respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in asjof the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Tratk thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in opes Coe* by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disproved by good Tefr mony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and lucfa Juliet*, the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter Sefia or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shaft be (atis&ri with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtors, tk* such Justice* (kali, in such Session or some Adjournment thereof, id-judge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of tk Ad, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keeper*, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to fiet a Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Order shall he a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keeper* Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, and Audi todrauf? him or them again# any Efeape or Escapes, Adkm or Adioos wki-soever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced orpr* fecuted against him or them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tkt all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust of such Debtor, oi

D. 1812-

949

S v GEO. III. C. 1/S5.

id unto all the Real Estate as well Freehold and of as charged, veftei

nmasrv nnrl tew all tko nkt> r*nA FflkAa nfpVi>rir in Clerk of tho

omary, and to all the Personal E It ate, Debts and Effects of every CIcrk th* -

Debtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be, and the assign\meto

is hereby vetted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other |UCh Creditor! as cer asking as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, Court shall direct ', Town Corporate, Division, Liberty or Place where any inTrult tors shall be respectively discharged 5 and every such Clerk of the: e. Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, rreby directed and required to make an Assignment and Convey-: of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects, vetted in such Clerk he Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the re as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, ae Justices at any General Quarter Session or General Session of Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by ' r uve Jurisdictions, shall order and direct;

onveyance n

Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being tten on Parchment or Paper stamped, to vest the Estates thereby fned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same 1 be so assigned and conveyed, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, mioifteators and Aisigns, according to the Estate and luterett ch the Debtor had therein; and every such Assignment and iveyauce shall he in Tmft fur the Benefit of the Creditor or Cre->rs of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor in respect of or in portion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be ie, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time as re may be Occasion, in his, her or their own Name or Names for Recovery and obtaining any Estate or EtFe&s of any such Debtor,

I also to execute any Trustor Power vetted in or created for the e or Beudit of any such Debtor, but io Trutt for the Benefit of lor them and the rell of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who

II respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be requisite

1 every such Assignee or Assigneea shall with all convenient Speed Ash*iieetoget er his or their accepting such Assignment or Conveyance, use his in Debtors I their be it Endeavours to receive ami get in the Estate and Effels Effbas; every such Debtor, and shall with all convenient Speed, make Sale all the Estates of such Debtor vetted in such Assignee or Af-nees; and if such Debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any ral Estate, either in Potteflion, Reversion or Expetiancy, the same thin the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Convey-ce shall be sold by public Auction, in such manner and at such ace as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who all assemble together on any Notice in Writing { ublished in the ondou Ga % ctte> or in some Daily Paper printed and published in wide*, if the Debtor before his or her going to Prison resided iq Lon->/i, or within the Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some is ted Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, hling, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such ebtor redded before he or she was committed to Prison, Thirty lays before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his or their Hand: Hands agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at tho

and to maVe Dividend*.

Notice of making Dividend* given.

In case Assignee or their Heira do not deli.er over Estate or Balance, committed.

Creditors for Anuuiti* s payable at any tu. tore time to receive Dividends a> under Commission of Bankruptcy.

Ci 65. 51 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

End of Three Months at the farthest from the time of his or their accepting any such Asignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fa j* and just Dividend of all such Debtor's Eft ate and Effeb whidi shal* have been then recovered amongst his or her Creditors, m proposition and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; hot brio? any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Aligners stal make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath h Writing before any One or more of His Majesty's Justice or JusticK of the reace, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged, were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of e*in such Dividend shall be published in like manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published. Thirty Days a lead before the same shall be made, and no Creditor shall be aBowwl to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made 03 the Justness and Identity of his Debt, by Oath, or due Proof w Writing before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairoefs of a* Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, at the reqaeftany such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined iate by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, liberty or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have bew entitled to the Benefit of this Act at the next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or at some Adjouruseft thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, or the Heirs, Executors or Adrainfftraton of any deceased Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over set Part of such Estate or Effects, or pay the Balance of the Pitxfoc? of any such Estate or Effects found to be in the Hands of fork Assignee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administn-tors as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise until such Person or Persons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Ad, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be S-charged by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Moaey payable by way of Annuity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants or other Securities of any Natut whatever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the same would have been affected br a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a ComnunM

D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 165.

951

Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such mmission.

SVIII. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any rditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omission in the Schedule containing the Whole of the Estate Real or Personal belonging my Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge under the thority of this Act, be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Ertates of Debt'll or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and ors not mferted which he, file or they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto, R s^dule the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken oMta Peace!*

>e Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not rted therein, and shall in like manner become velted in the Clerk the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all ents and Purposes as if the same had been contained in such ledule, and had been delivered into ttie Court according to the edions of this Act.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person hold- Holder* of Sect any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received without valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit J"on 1 n the Estate of such Debtor, unless the Person holding such Se- cnefit. ity shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at le General Quarter Session, General Session of the Peace, or Ad-mment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the same bona, and for good or valuable Consideration.

CX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death Estate* to vert in Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clevk or other Officer Clerk of the ng as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, ^j*cc fort, me jht, Title, Interest or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors shall have*5' ed by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, Right, Title, erect and Trust, shall become vested in the Successor or Successors every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer ad-as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, dl lutents and Purposes whatsoever under the Provisions of this

CXL. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in No Suit in Law w or Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees or Equity with-my such Debtor's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the Content of for Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet Creators. ether pursuant to a Notice to be given at lead Ten Days before h Meeting in the London Gazette, or other Newspaper which II be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Residence of such btor or Debtors, for that Purpose.

CXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Mortgage* to

1 Ad shall extend or he construed to hinder or prevent any Mort- tak* pl* of

je or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Estate of such*n in"

btor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the erlortUIe

ods, Tenements or Hereditaments or Personal Estate or Effects

nprifed in or charged or affected by such Mortgage or Moit-

jes, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute

iple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknow-

ged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take

ce upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Estates of such Debtor

Debtors; and also, where any Inquisition shall have been taken

an any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution

3P3 ronolAaU

952

A.D. 181r

C.i 6$. 52 GEO. III.

Power of leafing Lands, Ac veiled in Assignees.

Gaoler, on Requell of Creditor, I worn.

Oath*

If Person delivering in Lilt

shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment before such Discharge shall be give* in open Session to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Elate of any such Debtor respectively shall be subjrd thereto in the firs place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively* in like*, ner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Lies, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respeb?dy would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, again! the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor or Debtors ft* spectively if this Act had not been made; any thing bcreinbdoct contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled tozad claim the Benefit of this Act, are seised and possessed of Lauda,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the

Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leiies sd

taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates for One, Tro

or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for forne Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or

Personal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for their ovs Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for tW 4 Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtor; Be it therefore nudri by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and cvm the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditanenti, and all other such Powers as aforesaid over Real or Personal Elite, which are or shall be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prisoner* as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of ai and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at set General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Ai joumed Session of the Peace, to which any such Prisoner Audi be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Credit* or C % diiors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall oppost ha or her Discharge, administer to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Pnka or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the Effect followsg; that is to say,

4 I. do swear, That

4*was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody

in the Prison of or in Custodrii

some other Prison [at the case may be-] to the best of my Knowkd

and Belief, at or upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand

hundred and twelve, and that the Copy or Copies of tBc Caofecf I

Causes of his [or, her] Commitment or Detainer, now by a*

brought, with the Body of the said

produced to the said Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of tk Cause or Causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without mFraud or Deceit by me or any other Person, to the best of bt i Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.

And if any Person who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or depnted Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol* on the said Fifth Day of \

A.D. 1812.

95 3

GEO. III. C. 165.

thousand eight hundred and twelve, or fisce, shall not happen not Gaoler be the Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper Or Gaoler of any on June 5, 181z.: h Prison or Gaol at the time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby louke ath* juired to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Session, at any Adjourned Session, may and are hereby required to ad-tcifter to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Keeper or aokr of any Arch Prison or Gaol or deputed Keeper thereof, and fiver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General Quarter Session'General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session, an Oath uching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such rilon or Gaol, to the Effect following; that is to say, y do swear. That I have examined Oath.

the Commitments or Boofes of or concerning tha Commitments of Prifofiers to the Prison of [in the County,

City, Riding, Division, Town, Place or Liberty] and that I ao verily believe that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment are really true and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear, that was 00 the

Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of t the then Keeper or Gaoler, Or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison or Gaol [or other Prison, ms the case may be] without i Fraud or Deceit by me or atiy other Person or Persons, to my Know- ledge or Belief. So help me GOD.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person entitled to Debtors dif-the Benefit of this Act shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned charged no? by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Me to be Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non cj?^> to June* Payment of Money, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money contracted,

incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts,

Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for arty Judge of the Court where the rrocefs issued, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to relertfe and discharge out of Custody such Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the Plant ff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs which he, fh? or they shall have incurve d on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner's causing a Common Appearance to he en* tered for him on every such Aftton or Suit.

XXVI. And whereas under former Acts of this kind Doubt*

have arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who apfflted

4 at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with l)ebts as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts; ' to remedy which oe it therefore enacted, That Prisoners in*

no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred fob- diicharH of

sequent to the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and

twelve; and if it shall appear to the Justices at any Session or 1

Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners then applying to them

to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to

3P 4 "

954 C.T 6g. 52 GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

General HTue. as subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thsufami eight hundred and twelve, that in such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts which shall appear to their Satisfaction, by the Oath of such Prisoner not being disproved (or otherwise) to have been incurred previous to the said Fifth Day of June One thtmfand eight hundred and twelve, and to remand him or her hack to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts which he or she stands charged with ia ha Custody, which shall appear to the Justices to have been incurred subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight fcw-dred and twelve, and their Order for such Discharge shall indemnify the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever fgr F.scapes, which shall or may be brought, commenced or proiec*it-d against him or them; any thing to the contrary herein uotwkh* Handing.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, forpersonnig their Office in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the Geaerd Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nor-

[Treble Costs.]

[Treble Costs.]

Ail p5nded generally by Ffiibners. suited or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against: him, or Jodf* ment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

XXVIII. And be it further enadhd. That if any Seire Fxw or Action of Debt or upon Judgment shall be brought against m Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, upon azj Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with rt-spect to Prisoners in actual Custody on the said Fifth Day of Jw One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminish> tor8, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisonerk such Prison, or in some other Prison, at such a Person's Suit oa the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and tvrehe, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Liberty, City, Town or place (according to his, her or their case) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other Debt* Sura or Sams of Money due before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution, (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case may be) was contrafted or doe before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of the Act and not duly discharged according to it, in the same maimer as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded tty* Act? and his Discharge by virtue of this Act spedally; and if dip

A.D. 1812.

955

52 GEO. TIL 0.165.

[Treble Costs.]

the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment or Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person being a Prisoner charged in Execution on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed to the several Provisions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the Court remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him such weekly or other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such case, during such time as such Prisoner should remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall have been or shall be uif-charged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiff*, without his or her own Privity or Consent, subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and before the Day whereon he or file might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Discharge, to the same Relief and Advantage, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, which he or she might pr could otherwise have obtained by virtue of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons aAing or pretending to aA as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money or other Effects recovered Qr received by him or them for the Use of any Person or Persons, JJodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor or any other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed or Converted to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Person or Persons employed or entrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she or they shall stand charged, for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effects received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Use and on account of his, her or their Mailer or Mailers or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; except where such Persons shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXI. And whereas many evil disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, by various subtile Stratagems, Threats and Devices, and under assumed and fiAitious Name or Names for the Purpose of obtaining Credit, have fraudulently obtained divers

Sums ot' Money, or Sepurities for Money, Goods and Merchan- dizes, to the great Injury of Trade and Credit; Be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, or under any fiAitious Name or Names assumed for the Purpose of obtaining Credit, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons fifoney, Qoods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of Exchange,

[Treble Costs.]

Prisoners who, 01 Application us hil'ulvent Deh ors, remanded back, and lioce dil-charcred without Coulenr, entitled to Benefit of AA.

AA not to ex-v tend to Atror-ntes, &c. embezzling Money, except confined IO Year:

Nor to Personi obtaining Money or Goods under fall'e Pretences, fcc. except confined 10 Yeaw,

A.DiSil

Pj6 C. 165. 52 GEO. III.

change, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money, fboH hare

or rrceire any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but 00 du*Proof of such fraudulent Conduct as aforesaid, the Jnftkes ihal remand Inch Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from which be or she fhatt have been brought up to take the Benefit of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing; except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last pafl.

Nor to Prisonen

XXXII. Provided always, That no Prisoner who shall have been

Pr.if Jl remail^ed to Prison under any Ad heretofore passed for the Relief of Inf iv-nTVA Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or for fraudul ntiy Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having secretly or obtauiing'Money fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects, which were fob-jed or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Ad, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Asignment, firice his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Discharge under such former Ad, or shall have taken a false Oath under such Ad, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge under this Act, but shall be remanded to Prison as aforesaid by the Justices before whom he or she shall be Nor to PeHbns brought up to take the Benefit of this Act: Provided also, that no charged in Exe- Person charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Adioa cution for D.i- for Criminal Coaverfation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such irai'r* in Action Action, or in Action for seducing or carnally knowing the Daughter CoilverTJiion See. or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Action for a malicious xcept confined Prosecution, or in any Action for any other malicious Injury, shall have jo Yetfs. any Benefit under this Act, except only in cases where the Plahitiffto such Actions respectively shall bedead, and no Person shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months after his Decease 5 except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Tot Years last past.

XXXIII. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Messuages, Houses and other Premises, have, with fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other Effects, which were fob- jed or liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the said Rents; ' Nor to Persons Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners who in a seem, removing Effect clandestine or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused to be of Vdne of.tol. removed within Six Yeans any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, liable to be dii- QqQ^9 & Effects of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which confined1*were or liable to be distrained by their respective Landlord or

10 Yearn Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by Or under this Act, but shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned $ provided such Proof shall be made thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall bebrought up to take the Benefit of this Act, except where such Person

shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXIV. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors) foM, transferred) conveyed or assigned their

EfUte

A.D. 1812.

7

GEO. III. Ci 6s.

Estate or Efteds to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody of Law or imprisoned under some ProceL of Debt:

1 And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment hath been fraudulently made, to the Injury of his Creditor or Creditori,

1 though it hath been difficult to convict the Party of a fraudulent*Oefign; Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by Nor to rtrfoot One or more credible Witness or WitneTTea that such Prisoner has pi0*0*, fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to any Person or Persons all frauj Credifort, or any Part of his Estate or Effects subsequent to the time of hrs e>; cept COnfintd Imprisonment without just Cause for so doing, to be determined by io Years; the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought of to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment is hereby declared null and void, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXV. And whereas many Prisoners squander and expend great Part of their remaining Property by playing at Cards, Dice or other unlawful Games, to the great Injury of their Creditors Be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be conftroed Nor to Person* to extend to discharge or release any Prisoner who hath or shall have Money at loft, in any one Day since the Date of his Commitment to Prison Phyexccja confer any Debt with which he flood charged on the Fifth Day of June Yean*0 One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Sara or Value of Twenty Pounds, or in the Whole since such Commitment as aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds in playing at or with Cards, Dice,

Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards or other Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting oil the Sides or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid; but on due Proof thereof, to the SatisfadioA of the Justice8 assembled at such Quarter Session or Adjourned Session before which such Prisoner shall be brought, it shah be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to remand fneh Prisoner to Gaol, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not with Handing, except where such Perfcm shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Two Years last past.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being Debtors refilling

thereunto required by any Creditor or Creditors, shall refuse to to difover come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner fhifl Trade and Abodt be confined, or when come to such Lodge shall refuse to discover

and declare the Trade or Occupation and the Uft Place of Abode or excluded

Habitation, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, of the Benefit of Act. Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she was detained or charged

in Custody, without some reasonable Cause being shewn for such Refusal, every such Debtor, on Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and De it hereby further enacted, No Warrant That it shall not be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for itTuecf for P.i-the County of Surrey, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for one5s Discharg* the bringing up of any Prisoner or Prisoners in order to his, her or ^ufm

5 their

A.D. 1812.

C. 165.

5 2" GEO. III.

JufUceifijr Yc k and Lincoln m.iy hk Id a Session rtor to County Caol.

J nfllce* for

of Holland may hold Adjourned Session.

lVifoners inCuf-tody for Prison Fees, discharged.

Prisoners in Custody for Contempt ot Court, Jcc. discharged.

their Discharge under the Provisions of this Act, at any Session or Adjourned Session of the Peace, other than such as shall be hddra at the Session House in Horsemonger Lane, in the Parish of Nnsing-ion in the said County.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York or ZiarWa, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all of which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of these Gaois be obliged to carry the Debtor, Pflfoners therein, to the Quarter SefGon cf such Riding or DmSoa, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaoler, ' tut also to the Prisoners in these large Counties; Be k therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful fov Two or more Justices of the Peace forny of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties, (or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held) at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at any other Gaol or Gaols within the said Counties, ora some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet and to hold Session there by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session, from time to time, for the Difcbzrge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations and Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. And whereas the District or Division of Hodacd, w 4 the said County of Lincoln, is distant near Forty Miles from tie said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive far the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division, to be obligrd to travel to the said Gaol, for the sole Purpose of dischargiitg the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given Be it therefore enacted, That, for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justice? for the said Division or District of Holland may adjourn their original Sessions to the County Gaol, or to some Place near thereunto; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting either for the Parts of Lindfty, Kejieven or Holland, to hold such Adjourned Session for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners, Notice of the Adjournment of such original Scluons being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the same relate to or affect the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said Fifth Day of June Oee thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any such Gaols and now remain, for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respedirely, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she or they taking the Oath by this required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons committed by any Courts of Law or Equity for Contempt in not paying Moaty ordered or awarded to be paid, or for not paying of Costs duly red regularly ordered to be taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose, or upon any Writ of Excem* municato Capiendo, or other Process for or grounded oq the Non Pay-

meat

A.D. 1812.

959

52 GEO. III. C. t6j.

ment of Money, Cods or Expences in any Cause or Proceedings in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of such Court relating thereto, and who were in Custody on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and have ever since continued, and now are in Custody for the same, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Provisions of this Act, subject to the same Terms, Conditions and RestrictionB, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

XL.II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Aflnottoex-this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any te,d to Debtors Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt l-r0'?n or .*or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of* Revenu" unleli the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against Treasury con-any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of feut. Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall certify their Con-feot under their Hands, to the said Justices at their said Session or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XLIII. And whereas under former Acts Creditors have been

put to great Expence and Trouble in attending every Session or

Adjournment, during the Continuance of this Act, to oppose the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said refoedive Acts, but who, afrer having been before one Session

and refused a Discharge, gave fresh Notices for each subsequent

Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged, with the sole View of harailing and subjecting to Inconvenience their Creditors to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever the Determi- Determination nation of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all In- of Justice* final, tents and Purpose3, unless the Debtor shall get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and that the J^etions to Defame may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to (late charge, the Objections why such Debtor's Discharge is refused by them; and in alleges whatever it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Justices, at some one subsequent Session or Adjourned Session within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been so remanded, upon Application of such Debtor, and due Proof on Oath or other Oath, wife to the Satisfaction of the Justices in Session or Adjournment, of such Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at lead Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the London Gazette in manner before dU reded by this Act, to order such Debtor to be once more, but only one time more, brought before them; and if no other Objection or Objections shall then be made to the Discharge of such Debtor by ^y Creditor or Creditors, or being made, the same shall be overruled by the Justices then present, and they shall then be of Opinion that the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to

adjudge

6e

C. rrt^.

A.D. 1812.

51 GEO. III.

Eibtei of whkh Prisonm are feiied in Tail, delivered up to Creditors.

AfBgBttt rosy

apply for further Examination of Debtors to Two Jultioe*

adjudge him or her to be entitled thereto, and to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and io all other respecta conforming to the Directions of this Act

XLIV. And whereas it may happen that federal Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are Unfed of an Estate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Heredita-

menu, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expedant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, Coffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries whereby the find Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of such Person or Persons would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors; Be it therefore farther enacted, That in every such case such Person or Persons so feiied as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law be deemed and taken* and is and are hereby declared to be fieifed of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the same tiall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner in the Came manner as & such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, sufferrd a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had become foiled in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be entitled toiordry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of EHates subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders or other contingent Estates. Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Tnrfts or Interests m 4 ERates both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered io the Schedule or Inventory before dirrded to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid and Assistance to adjust, make out, recover or manage for the Benefit of his Creditors fie it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Ef&eu of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain his, her or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty where such Debtor or Debtors shall be the* residing, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be farther examined as to any Matters a ad Things relating to his, her or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such indices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as they shall think fit; and upon such Debtot* appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee thadl desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonaWe Charges as such indices (had judge fofScwut, shall negiefl or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful Excnfo,

GEO. III.

C.itfj. 96*

allowed by fuel* Justices, or being come before them (bail refuse to b fwora or to answer such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her or them relating to the Discovery of his, her or their Estate or Effect so retted or intended to be retted in such Clerk of the Peace,; Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, of such AfEgnees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors fb offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Imprisonment> Bail or Mainprise until such time as he, she or they shall submit him, her or themselves to such Joffices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her or them for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstand- Fraudulent Diff ing the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, charges void, if it shall hereafter appear that the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath takeo by any such Debtor was not true, then and in every such case every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Assignees with ful at all times hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate Consent of Mi-or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be choien in purfu- 1, 1 Value of ance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value comi^undDc^bts, of the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on Twenty one Days Notice being previously putes to Arbitr*-given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, don. if the Debtor was in Custody in London, or within the Weekly BiHs of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Comp fit ions with any Person or Perform or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such rea-fonabie Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts 5 and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees and any Person or Persons for or oi account or by reason of any matter, Cause or Thing relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

f XLVIII. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what*should become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees at the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs,

4 Executors, Adraimstrators and Assigns refuse to ad or meddle therein to remedy which be it enacted, That in aff such cases it If Affiances die, shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such othcis chosen. Debtor or Debtors to chuse a new Assignee or Assignees, and to obtain a new Alignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy,

Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Pence pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Otder the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such f former Assignee or Afffgneea, and Refusal to his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators

A.D. 1812.

6* C.i 6;. 52 GEO. III.

Courts on Coro* plaint may remove A. Tenets.

In cases of tmitu.il Credit Bab.ice ilated.

and Assigns to act or meddle therein), and the Crid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby empowered to obey the same, and execute such Assignment accordingly, in manner and Form as if no former Affigiu meat had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace hereby conforming to all Orders and Directiom made by this A A relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them or any of them by this Act for Disobedience in any Part thereof or Negied of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall refnfe to ad, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall haw Power in a summary way to oblige their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees to account for and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Efleds of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sessions in lValei> and the Counties Palatine of Chester % I.ancqfler and Durham respectively, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pkas and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any of them, from time to time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud or Misconduct of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, ard upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects Of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal of any Assignee or Assignees and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate and Efteds of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed, and be veiled m and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same manner antd for the same Intents and Purposes as if the same were before veftid in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen 5 any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this|Ad and any other Person or Personi9 or Bodies Corporate or Politick, before the Delivery of such

A.D. 1812.

963

52 GEO. III. C. 165.

Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or debtors upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees: such Debtor or Debtors 19 and are hereby authorised and required his and their Parts to state and allow an Account between them id the other Party or Parties concerned 5 and nothing more shall be jemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, or her Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Af-rnees as aforesaid, as the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or ebtors than what|shall appear to be justly due to him, her or them re* edlively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly stated.

LI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt upon Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience 5' it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Pr-ners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be dif-targed under the same, provided he, (he and they conform to the iredlions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall discharged by virtue of this Act 5 and the Keeper or Keepers, aoler or Gaolers, of all and query Gaol, Prison or other Place of onftnement, in which any Person or Persons are confined, or charged Execution with Debts under Process or Processes issuing out of or am such Courts of Conscience, are hereby required to make out and liver to the Justices assembled at the next General Quarter Session General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, a lie List or Lists of the Prisoners in their Custody so confined' or larged in Execution, in like manner as the Gaolers or Keepers of her Prisons are directed by this Act.

And whereas Debtors are frequently, to the Injury of themselves and their Creditors, remanded back to Prison, on account of mere Errors or Omissions in point of Form relating to their Notices, ar the making out of their Schedules, or other Proceedings directed by this Act it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and ly be lawful to and for the Justices assembled at such General Quar-r Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof as oresaid, to amend such Matters of Form, or to supply such Omissions, to correct such Errors in the said Notices, Schedules or other Pro-edings directed by this Act, as shall appear to the said Justices to ive arisen from Ignorance or Mistake of the Parties, without re-anding back the said Prisoner or Prisoners; any thing hereinbefore mtained to the contrary not with (landing.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever the isolvent, upon his releasing any Interest he or she may have in the efiduum of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a good id sufficient Witness in any Action or Cause to be instituted by his her Assignee or Assignees for the Recovery of any Debts due to ie said Insolvent, in the same manner as a Bankrupt may after obtain-g his Certificate.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained all be deemed or taken to discharge the future Estate or Effedb, eal or Personal, of any Person or Persons discharged under this Act, hether such Person or Persons shall or shall not have been charged Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Costs, am or Sums of Money due, owing or demandable from any such Per-n or Persons, or in respect of which any such Person or Persons was r were iu Custody; and all and every Person or Persons entitled to 52 Geo. III. 3 Q receive

Persons imprisoned by Courts of Conscience entitled to Benefit of Atf, and I.ids returned to Sessioa.

Justices may amend Notices and Schedules iu Mattmof Form.

Insolvent, on relcasing; lute-reds good Witncls.

Future F.l"htr< of Debtors dii'-cirarped nnd r AM li.ihlc fur Deb.s.

9*4

A.D. 1811.

Htvinf taken Benefit of insolvent Act within Five Year*, not entitled to Relief.

Bankrupt*; how far availed by

aa.

Holies* of Bankrupt, bow rtgoUtal

C.I 65. 52 GEO. III.

receive or be paid any such Debt, Damages, Costs, Sam or Sams of Money, shall have all such and the like Remedies in Law or Equity again (I such future Estate and Effects, other than and except the necessary Apparel aitd Bedding of such Person or Persons and their Family* and the necessary Tool 3 for his, her or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the PerCon of the Party for Payment thereof, as he, file or they might have had if this Act had not been made; and in any case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could, before the passing of this Act, have been enforced only by Commitment, either on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Persons habk thereto, the Patty interfiled therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the Person or Persons who ought to have paid the same for what shall remain unfinished thereof, in like manner as if the Sum remaking unsatisfied had been Money lent and advanced by or Mooey bad and received for the Use of the Person having such Demand, but fall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Estates and Effects only, and shall not be entitled to arrrft or take k Execution the Party against whom such Demand shall be euforced.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That 00 Person who fall have within the Space of Five Years previous to the passing of this Act taken the Benefit of any Ad heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt fall have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtse of this Act from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved Under such Commission, unless such Commission shall have issued, and such Bankrupt shall have duly surrendered himself or hrrfelf to the Commissioners, or the major rart of them named in the said Commission, Two Years at the lead before the passing of this Act, and shall in all things have duly conformed himself or herself to the (event Statutes concerning Bankrupts; and unless the major Part of the Commissioners named in such Commission shall spedally Certify, which they are hereby authorised to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt has lo duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a fafi and fair Difclofrre of all his or her Estate or Effects, and in all thkgi conducted himself or herself properly under such Commifioo; and in all such cases such Bankrupt mall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under such Coin-million, in the same manner and upon the lam? Terms as any other Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be discharged as to penonal Arrest for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commission; but never-thelefs such Bankrupt, and his or far^Effects, shall in all other respefib whatsoever remain (ubjed to the fas in force concerning Bankrupts, at he or she would have been if this Act had not been made.

LVII. Provided always, That in the Notices to be given by such Bankrupt, and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the

Pto*

A.D. 1812.

96S

52 GEO. III. C. i<S$.

rovi/iont of this Act, such Bankrupt shall be described as a Person; ainst whom a Commission of Bankrupt has issued and is dill in force, id who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to e Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed; and such Bankrupt,

(tend of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of his or her Estate

Effects, shall (wear that he or she has made a full Disclosure of his

her Effects under the said Commission, and that he or she has no (late or Effects which can be vested in an Assignee under this Act,

1 the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt being vested in the Assignee or Assignees under such Commission by virtue of such Com-iflion, and the Assignment made in pursuance thereof.

LVIII. Provided always, That in case such Commission shall at Commission fitly time thereafter be superseded, then and n such case the Discharge prfeded Dif-hich shall be obtained by virtue of this Act shall be null and void.* voiA*

LIX. And whereas it is expedient that the Relief granted by this Act should be extended to the several Presidencies or Settlements of Fort William, Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Wales's Island in the East Indies Be it therefore enacted, That the same Alt to extend to all be extended thereto, and that the Court of Directors of the Eafi Fort William, tdia Company shall, and they are hereby required to transmit thisc-, n A to their several Governments in the said rrelidencies or Settle- Indlca* ents, by the first Ships of the said Company which shall fail for India 'ter the passing of this Act 5 and that the said Governments shall imediately on the Receipt thereof communicate the same respectively

the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Fort Saint George, to the Recorder's Court at Bombay, and to the Court of udicature at Prince of Wales's Island, which said Courts shall, upon ich Communication, with the lead possible Delay, issue their rre-rpts to the several Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons within the local imits of and subject to their respective Jurisdictions, requiring the m

make out and deliver into the said Courts, within a time to be mited in the said Precepts, such Lists as are herein directed to be lade out by Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons of all Persons who, on lie Day Five Months preceding the Date of such Precepts, shall ave been, and shall at the time of issuing such Precepts continue to ein their Custody on any such Process as is hereinbefore mentioned, hung out of any Court erected by or under the Authority of any idl of Parliament, or any Charter of His Majesty within the said Vefidencies or Settlements j aind all such Gaolers and Keepers of Vifons shall make out and deliver such Lifts accordingly, and shall ike and subscribe such Oaths as are herein required upon the Delivery thereof, and shall fix up Copies of the said Lifts in the said Prims and Gaols in manner herein directed, with Translations thereof, ito the Language and Character commonly in Use among the Naive* of India in the said Presidencies or Settlements respectively.

LX. And, in order to obviate all Difficulties in the Execution of his Act within the said Presidencies or Settlements, for want of the Courts, Magistrates. Public Officers or other Jpcal Means herein pecialiy appointed to carry the same into Effcdl, be it further en- Court* at Fort died. That all the Powers hereby vested in any Court! or justices WiUUm, fcc. to shall be vested in like manner, and to the same Purpose and Extent, make Rulos far a the said Supreme Courts of Judicature, and in the Judges thereof fsnyijfAft t Fort William and Fort Saint George respectively, and in the find Recorder's Court, and the Judges thereof at&mfajr, and in the said rovdedby At*1

j>66

A.D. 1812.

Person* ippoTnt-r<l by liu ii Rules to alVirt in Kxe-cutiou of Art, as if named herein.

Not to extend to rtt*r nature of

Relief.

Rnte* for con-verting Sums mentioned in Act into Indian Currency.

Art not to extend in India to Debtors of Company, unless Local Governments confcut.

Justices may at Rtcjuclt of Creator convene

C. 165. 52 GEO. III.

Court of Judicature, and the Judges thereof at Prince of Wales's Island; and that the said Courts shall respectively, in ^nd for their several Jurisdictions, have Power, and they are hereby required with the lead possible Delay, to frame and publish a Rule or Rules of Court, appointing by or through what Officers, belonging or fubor-dinate to the said Courts; and also at what times and in what Form the several Acts and Matters herein directed to be done in order to the Execution of this Act shall be carried into Effect; and also ia what manner and at what times the several Notices herein required shall be given; and also to make all other necessary Provisions for carrying this Act into Effect where the Proviions herein particularly contained shall be found utterly inapplicable within the said Presidencies or Settlements-

LXI. And be it further enacted, That from the time of publishing such Rule or Rules by the said Courts respectively, all the^rovisions and Penalties herein contained for enforcing the Performance of any Duty under this Act, or for punching the Neglect or Refusal to perform the same by any Public Officer or other Person, shall be dewed to be applicable to all such Public Officers or other Perfects in any manner subjf d to the Jurisdiction of the said Courts respectively as may be appointed to perform the said Duties by such Ride or Rules, in like manner as if such Public Officers and Persons had been specially appointed thereto by this Act.

LXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize the said Courts to narrow or to extend, or k any manner to alter the Nature of the Relief hereby intended to he given; and that all such Rules as aforesaid shall be made as nearly conformable to the Provisions of this Act as the circumftaucea of the case will admit.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Amounts of Money are mentioned in this Act, the Equivalents of the Pound Sterling within the said Settlements shall, for all Purposes of this Act be deemed to be as follows; that is to say, at Fort William in Bengal Eight Sicca Rupees, at Fort Saint George Two Pagodas and a Half, at Bombay Eight Bombay Rupees, and at Prince sf Waiesrs Island Four Dollars; and that the lame Rate shall be used for the Purposes aforesaid in estimating the Equivalent of every Fractional Part of a Pound Sterling.

LXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further, enacted, That this'Ad shall not extend or be construed to extend within the said Settlements to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act there, with respect ta any Debt or Penalty with which he or fee (hxH (land charged at the Suit of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in which it shall appear or be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Court in which such Benefit is fought, that the said United Company are the real Plaintiffs or Parties inte-reiled, unless the Governor General in Council at Fort WilKem* or the Governor in Council at Fort Saint George, Bombay and - Prince ef Wales's Island, respectively, shall certify their Consent under their Hands to the said Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any Gesenf Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjourned Session of the Peace, are hereby authorised* at the Request of any

Creditor

52 GEO. III. C. 165. 967

Creditor of any Prisoner, to convene before them at some certain time before them: o be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were G.iolers.and Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison or Gaol fxa"line touch" within their respective Jurisdictions, on the Fifth Day of June One thousatid eight hundred and twelve, or at any other time, and examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such Session or Adjourned Session shall think fit; and if any such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Gaolers refusing Keeper or Gaoler shall refuse or neglect to attend on being convened to attend, &c. as aforesaid, or attending shall refute to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises as shall be reasonably required, at such Session or Aa-journed Session, he or they so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and |pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person Penalty, who shall sue for and recover the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler Gaclerand of any Prison, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall without just Printer of Ga-Cause, to be approved by the Justices at some General Quarter Session tte News-or General Session of the Peace, or some Adjourned Session of the P*Per no.1 com Peace within tfieir respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring  Sj."1*Lf Act any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such GeneralU

Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid; or shall neglect or refuse, or designedly mit to insert in any such Lift as aforesaid the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid; or to take any of the Oaths before mentioned, and by this Act required to be taken by him, or to conform to the Directions hereby given hinVin respect of the Schedules intended to be delivered in by any such Prisoner or Prisoners, or shall detain any such Prisoners after he or she shall be di charged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette or other Newspaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notices by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request made to him for that Purpose; every such Keeper or Gaoler, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall respectively forfeit and pay to such Prisoner, in every such case injured, the Sum of One hundred Penalty,. Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Rocord at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler Peijary. or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, shall, in taking any of the Oaths afore mentioned, forswear and petjure himself, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, shall (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury) upon every such Conviction forfeit and pay the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, Penalty, ( by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection

A.D. 1812.

6*

MakincUft

Entries in Fri-loo Bonks.

/k

[Penalty.]

Person* permitted to speak to Prisoners in convenient Room, whose Names are in-fcrted in Lifts, fcc.

[Penalty.]

rieik of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjtidicattoa of Pifchargi)

C.l6$.

5*e GEO. III.

te&ion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance &all be allowed, by or in the Name of any Creditor or Creditors of any fact Prisoner or Prisoners who shall lue for the same, and the same wors recovered shall be applied One Moiety to such Creditor or Credkon suing for the same, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such Prisoner or Prisoners.

LXVIII. And be it further eroded, That if any Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, shall make or cause to be made any false Entry or Entries iff any Book belonging to any Prison under his Care, or shall prepare to keep, or caale to be kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any telfe or notroe Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall knowingly and willfully produce and shew any Book wherein any false or untrue Entry or Entries have or hath been made, as and for a Book containing true aid genuine Entries, or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who were or was not in actual Custody as aforesaid (except as in the Oath of any such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall be excepted) every such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler (bad, for every such Fraud, (over and above the Penalties for which he shall be liable for every such Fraud) forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be injured by aay such Fraud, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in aay of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EBbigv, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXIX. And be it further eroded, That every Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, shall and he is hereby required to suffer any Person or Persons desiring the same, to foe and (peak with in the Day-time, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, in some convenient Room or Place in the said Prison, any Prisoner or Prisoners Irhofe Names are inserted in the before mentioned List or Lists, or the London Gazette or other Newspapers, in manner aforesaid, and also to fee in the true and genuine Book or Books of the said Prison the Entry and Entries made of the Name and Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Names or Name of the Person or Persons at whose Suit be, (he or they are detained; and if any fock Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper shall refule or neglect so to do, every such Gaoler of Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper lb offending shall forfeit and pay to the Person to refused and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Coftt of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protedfoa, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer aiding as Clerk ok the Peace, shall delay or refufo to give any such Prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication

7

A.D. 1812.

52 GEO. III. C. 16g. 969

on being paid for the same the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or shall demand or take more for the same than the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or shall take more than Five Shillings for an Assignment or Conveyance of any Prisoner's Estate or Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and be con* sidled thereof at any such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of; Twenty Penalty. Pounds; and the Justices at such Session or Adjourned Session are hereby authorised and empowered to order and cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

---

[Perjury.]

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner who shall come or be brought up at any General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully forswear or perjure himself or herself, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and mall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and moreover shall not be entitled to any Benefit, Privilege or Advantage under this Act; any thing in the same to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Affirmation of Quakers taken.]

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required to be taken, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be taken and accepted in lieu thereof; and that every Person who shall in making such solemn Affirmation knowingly and wilfully affirm what is false and untrue, and shall be thereof convicted, shall incur and be liable to such and the same Punishment, Penalties and Disabilities as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury by Law are liable to and incur,

[Perjury.]

and shall further and moreover incur such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury in like cases.

[Local acts etc moved to separate file.]

