A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III. C. i, ii, iii. 1121

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will he known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County.

[23d March 1815.]

---

so G. 1. c. a; 10 G. 3. c. 74. (b) 35 G* 3 c. 141s

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to crafe % new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned. (b)

[23d March 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday."]

13 G 1. c. it.

15 G.2. c. 15. 31 G. 2. cc. 54. 70.

35 G. 3. c.i*o.

Cap. iii.

An Act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for raising a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the said Works.

[23d March 1815.]

[39*40 6. c c. xlvii.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation

[

C. iii.

JJ* GEO. III.

44 G.3. c.ii.

and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Reva ' within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act ' passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prei

Majesty, intituled An Act for raifng a further Sum of Money

carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Tear of ' Reign of H'u present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Baf ' Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Sear

of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of Londo

44 G. 3. c. ico.*And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty fourth Ye

c of His said present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for mi ' housing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under

AS passed in the Thirty nihtb and Fortieth Tears of Hu prese

Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Bafotu, Cu

and other Works, for the greater Acc<mmodation and Security ' Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of Londo ' and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks t And Where

45 G. 3. c. Iviil«another Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign 1

His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Al ' passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of Bit present Majes ' for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for it ' greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping* Commerce an

Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Power

and Provisions of the said AB: And Whereas another Act ira

46 G. 3. c lix-«passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty*! Reign

' intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts pafttd in th ' Fortieth, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Tears of Bis present Mojijiy ' for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for th

greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce an.

Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes i ' the said Acts mentioned, and for enlarging the Powers therd

granted to The London Dock Company: And Whereas soothe ' Ad was passed in thfc Forty seventh Year of His hud prefer

Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act to enable The Loodon Docl ' Company to purchase certain Waterworks in the Parishes of St rat

ford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End and Stepney, audothn ' Parishes adjacent, and to amend the several Acts for making We 6 Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Con:

merce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Where:

another Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of His said prese: x Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend fever A Ad 1 pafje d in the Fortieth, Forty fourth. Forty fifth. Forty fxthsr. f Forty seventh Tears of His present Majesty, for making Wit Dock-

Bajons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommoidm am ' Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port ' London, and for other the Purposes therein mentions

thereto; and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the find s

granted to The London Dock Company: And When

Ad was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majeil

Reign, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Mon ' carrying into Execution the several Acts passed jar making f Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater AjU

dation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, c. the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was pafl. the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, uiiitsU

f At

47 G. 3. Seff a. c.5.

49 G. 3. c. clvi.

5«G.3. c.cli.

jrO.

C. iii.

1123

1 A.D.i3*$. 55° GEO. III.

BBl*An Act for regulating the Rates and Charges to he received by The

0*4 London Dock Company, upon Wines and Spirits landed and ware-

4 housed in the London Docks: And Whereas another Act was patted 'W 4 in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 52 G. 3. c. cxiv.

: r*- 4 tilled An ASfor allowing further Timefor the Completion of the Doc is,

4 Entrances and other Works and Buildings belonging to The London*Dock Company: And Whereas another Act was passed in the -to 4 Fifty fourth Year of the'Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 54 G. 3. c.xl.

iff An Act for enlarging and amending the Powers and Provisions of

sii the several Acts for making the London Docks: And Whereas it

4 is necessary to make more effectual Provision against the Hazard

It) 1 and Danger of Fire in the said Docks; and also in relation to

j*J 4 certain Prexnifes p nr chafed by the said Company for the Use of

$1 4 the Officers of Customs and Excise, and for other Purposes in

4 relation to the said Docks: And Whereas certain Parts of the pj Entrances to the said Docks and Works cannot be completed

jf 4 without further Powers, and an additional Sum of Money raised

j0 4 for that Purpose; and it is necessary, for the Security of the said

4 Docks and the Completion of the said Entrances and Works, that J 4 the said Acts should be altered and amended; but the Purposes

1 4 aforesaid cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament

I May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

I be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with

1 the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

I Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

1 rity of the same, That, for further preventing the Hazard and Accidents by

; Danger of Fire within the said Docks, and on board Ships and Fire prevented.

other Vessels therein, no Person whosoever shall, from and after the passing of this Act, at any time or times after the Hour of Four in

I the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between

j the Twenty ninth Day of September, and the Twenty fifth Day of

March in every Year, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, smoak any Tobacco, or other Material uled for smoaking, cither within the said Docks, or on board of any Ship or Vessel in or within the said Docks, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be Penalty, recovered and applied as any Penalty, not exceeding that Amount, may be recovered and applied under the said recited Act first hereinbefore mentioned or referred to.

4 II. And Whereas the Directors of the said Company have found it necessary for and towards the Improvement and Completion of the said Docks and Works, and the Entrances thereto, and lor providing Accommodation for the Officers of Customs and Excise attending at the said Docks, to make sundry Contrafts for, and divers Purchases of Houses, Lands, Tenements, Buildings and Hereditaments, situate near the said Docks, but the same not being within the Limits prescribed by the said recited Acts, such Contrafts and Purchases cannot be made effectual without the Aid of Parliament; ' Be it therefore further enacted, That all Contrafts for Contrafts which have been or shall be made by or on the behalf of cert?i° the said Company, for the Purchase of all or any of the several conh, rae Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, a Freehold House and Premises with the 4 C 2 Appur-

1124

C. iii.

A.D. 18]

How Debts proved in cases of Bankruptcy.

$5 geo. in.

Appurtenances, being Number Four, in f\Yapping Street; FourFn hold Houses, with the Appurtenances, being Number One, Tv Three and Four, on the Western Side of Half Moon Court in Wi ping; a Freehold House, with the Appurtenances, being Numb Five, on the North Side of Half Moon Court aforesaid; a Fit hold House with the Appurtenances, being Number Six, in Hi Moon Court aforesaid; a Freehold House with the Appurtenanct being Number Seven, in Half Moon Court aforesaid j a Leafeho Public House, with the Appurtenances, called The Duke of Aryi being Number Five, in Wafting Street; and a Freehold Houii Warehouse and Premises, with the Appurtenances, situate at tb North West Corner of Little Hermitage Street in Wapping; also Leasehold Brewery, with sundry Messuages and other Buildings Wharfs, and other Premises, with the Appurtenances, held by Twi several Leases heretofore granted and made by the Governors 0 Bridewell Hof petal to Meilieurs Pickard and Maitlandlikewif situate in and near Wapping Street; all which said Messuages, Here ditaments and Premises, are situate in the Parish of Saint John ol Wapping, in the said County of Middlesex; also Six Freehof! Houses, with the Appurtenances, being Numbers One hundred and twenty eight, One hundred and twenty nine, One hundred and thirty, One hundred and thirty one, One hundred and thirty two and One hundred and thirty three, with a Tenement and Sheds behind the same, situate on the North Side of Pennington Street, and One Freehold House on the West Side of Chigwell Hill, and a Piece or Parcel of Freehold Land, with the several Houses, Sheds and Buildings thereon, abutting South on Pearl Street, West on Silver Stmt, and North and East on Premises the Property of The London Dock Company: All which said last mentioned Messuages, Hereditaments and Premises, are situate in the Parish of Saint George Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in tie East, in the County of Middlesex; and all Bargains, Sales, Feoffments, Releases, Transfers, Leafei, Alignments and other Conveyances, which have been or shall be made of or in relation to the same Hereditaments and Premises, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, by or to or in Trull for or to or for the Use or Benefit of the said Company, shall be and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and to have the hunt Effect, as if such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively had been within the Limits prescribed by the said recited Acts or any of them; any thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases underany Corn-million or Commission8 of Bankrupt awarded or to be awarded«gainstany Person or Persons, who is or are or shall be indebtedtothe said Company, or against whom the said Company shall or miy have any Claims or Demands, it shall and may bejawrul to and for, say Per- >n or Persons in the

om time to time be in by

Writing under the Hand of r the time being, to app thorized and empowered I

mRfefeof I

C. iu.

1125

1 A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

the Commissioners under any Commission of Bankrupt, either personally, or by his or their Affidavit, to be duly sworn and exhibited in the usual manner, in order to prove and establish any such Debt, Claim or Demand, under such Commission; and every such Person mM or Persons so to be nominated and appointed, shall in all such cases be 5 toki admitted and allowed to make Proof, or tender a Claim under any dii such Commission of Bankruptcy, on behalf and for the Benefit of the m said Company, in respect of the Debt or Debts or other Demands of iWJirj the said Company against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in like aha manner as any other Person or Persons being a Creditor or Creditors aai of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in his or their own Right might or mil could do in respect of his or their Debt or Debts; and any Person 5jg or Persons to be nominated or appointed in manner aforesaid, shall a have full Power and Authority to appear on behalf of the said Com-: IJ; pany, at any Meeting of the Creditors of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to vote thereat, in respect of any Debt or Debts which shall be admitted and allowed to be proved on behalf of the said Company, under any such Commission of Bankrupt as aforesaid, ^in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt Ji or Bankrupts could or might do in respect of the Debt or Debts j by him or them proved under such Commission or Commissions of u Bankrupt.

I IV. And, in order the better to enable the said Company to complete the said Docks and Works and the Entrances thereto, be it j further enasked, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, at any Meeting or Meetings to be specially called for that j Purpose in the manner directed by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them now in force in that behalf, by such ways and ( means and upon such Terms as at such Meeting or Meetings so I called shall be thought expedient and be directed, to augment the present Capital Stock of the said Company by any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, in case such Meeting or the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present and entitled to vote thereat shall declare it to be necessary and expedient so to augment the said Capital Stock; and that all such further and additional Capital Stock, not exceeding the additional and further Sum aforesaid, as shall be so raised, shall be considered as Part of the general Capital Stock of the said Company, and be under and subject to the same Provisions, Regulations, Directions and Management, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been Part of the said original Capital Stock of the said Company (except as to the time or times of making Calls for the said additional Capital Stock, and the Amount of such Calls; which time and times, and the Amount of such Calls respectively, shall from time to time be appointed by the Directors of the said Company or any Thirteen or more of them): Provided always, that no more than Twenty five Pounds per Centum of such additional Sum or Sums shall be so called for or appointed to be paid within One Month: Provided also, that all the Regulations, Provisions and Clauses contained in the said first, recited Act, in relation to the Calls for the original Capital of the said Company therein mentioned, and t& the Recovery thereof, or of any Arrear thereof, and to the Forfeiture of any Sums advanced by reason of any Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Calls, shall 4 C 3 b«

Capital Stock of Company augmented 300, 000k

Provifu.

Proviso.

II2tf

C. iii.

fs* GEO. IiL

A.Dii^ij

Power for Company to borrow Money, with Power to assign Rates as Security.

Option to Persons advancing Money to become Proprietors, or be repaid in Money.

be applicable to th£ Calls for the said further' and addffiond Sut hereby authorized to be raifedor borrowed as aforesaid, or fuchPar or Parts thereof as shall be required to be raised by way of addi tional Capital Stock as aforesaid, and' the Refusal or Ncgfcft ti comply with futh Calls last mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case th Majority of Proprietors present and- entitled to vote at any fuel Meeting or Meetings to be Called as aforesaid, shall think it ad vifable to borrow the said further and additional Sum at Iiitereff, in manner hereinafter mentioned, or shall deem it expedient to raise only a Part of the said further and additional Sum by way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to borrow the Remainder thereof at Interest, then and in either of the said cases, it fliril be lawful for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interect, on the Security or Securities hereinafter mentioned* any Sum or Sums of Money, so as the whole Sum to be raised under the Authority of this Act fKall not exceed such further and additional Stini as aforesaid, and in order to the raising of the same, or any Part or Parts thereof* in the manner last aforesaid, the said Company, or the Directors of the said Company for the time being, or any Thir. teen or more of them, shall and may, at thd Colb and Charges of the said Company, assign over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said first' recited Act, or a competent Part thereof; and also shall and may, if they shall think it proper, charge and subject all the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to the said Company, or a competent Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of any fdch Sum or Sums of Honey so to be borrowed, together with Interect, to such Person or Perform, or his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees, Executors or Administrators; and all such Affi^mnems and Seam-ties shall be made and entered, and shall be transferable from time to time ifr the same manner (mutatis mutandis); and the lame, md the Monies which may be so borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be under and subject to such and the same fitOiihons, Regulations, Directions and Management in all respects, as are in and by the said first recited Act prescribed and directed, concerning the Alignments and Securities to be made and given for the Monies thereby authorized to be borrowed by the said Company, and concerning such last mentioned Monies and the Interest thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Securities to be made as aforesaid (if the M jority of the said Proprietors present, and entitled to vote at ary such Meeting* shall think fit), an Agreement, by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons who shall advance and lend tire said Money, or any Part thereof, or to the Persons who for the time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their several and respective Loans repaid in Money, or of being admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Con pany, in lieu tlforOof, at such time or times, and upon such Tern and Conditions as shall be agreed upon by the Directors of the ft Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, under the Authon of any such Meeting or Meetings of the said Company as aforesai on the One Part, and the Persons from whom such Monies fall borrowed from time to time on the other Part* so nevertk'

il A.DI18V5. ^5° GEO. III. C. iii.

c A

soil

Kin

sill

ail

'U*

1 id

: a>

: 3»i

-ifc

crfl

tfl

i*

(

1

1

P

1

)

f

l

1

1

that the respecti've Shares of the said Capital Stock, and the time or times, and the Terms or Conditions to be agreed upon as aforesaid, in relation to such Option, shall be expressed in the respective Securities for such Principal Monies, otherwise the Agreement or Agreements for such Option shall be void and have no effect,

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow all or any Part of the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds mentioned in the said recited Act passed in the Fortieth (a) Year of His present Majesty, in the manner directed by that Act, as well as the said additional and further Sum by this Act authorised to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid; any thing in the Acts of Parliament parted in relation to the said Company, or any of them, 'to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) [39 & 40 G.$» c. xlvii. §22.3

VIII. And be it further enacted, That none of such Assignments arid Securities, to be made by the said Company or by the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, pursuant to any of the Acts of Parliament parted in relation to the said Company, or pursuant to this Act, shall, on account of prior Date or Execution, be entitled to any Priority of Payment or other Preference before any other or others of such Securities of later Date or Execution 5 except the Preference which from time to time may be agreed to be given in relation to the Option of converting Loans into Capital Stock, under the Authority of this Act, and also except the Security hereby authorized to be given upon the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of the said Company, or such Part thereof as aforesaid in relation to the said further and additional Sum by this Act authorized to be raised or borrowed, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall or may be charged on the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and required ta pay the Interest of the said further and additional Sum, or so much and such Part and Parts thereof as shall be raised by way of Loan, in manner aforesaid (and whether with or without such Option as aforesaid), of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Monies which (hlall from time to time be in the Hands or Power of the said Company, applicable to the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Assignment or Mortgage under the Authority of this Act shall, from the time the said Money or any Part thereof shall be advanced, be payable Half yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or Dividend due and payable to the said Company, or any of them, and shall from time to time be fully paid and discharged or provided for, before any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, shall be paid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations and Privileges, as to voting or otherwise, and alT Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said redietf. Acts (so far as thevfame are not hereby varied, altered orr^jD&tidd); shall extend and be construed to extend to this Act, and tb the (hid Company and the Directors thereof and7 4 C 4 others

1127

Company not retrained from raising Money in manner by

39 & 40 G. 3.

directed.

Preference not given to Securities on account of Priority.

Interest paid for Money borrowed.

Interest paid Half yearly.

Powers of former Acts extended to Act.

l

C.ui — viii.

5j GEO. III.

A.D. 181j.

Public Act.

2$ G.a. c.57. soG. 3. c. 100. 41 G.3.(U.K.) c. ix.

others carrying this Act into Execution, and also to all Proprietors or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, possessed of any Capital Stock advanced under any of the Pro* visions of this Act, or lending any Sums of Money to the said Company under the same, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and also to the Transfer, Assignment or Forfeiture of any such Capital Stock, and to the Securities for any Money so lent; and also as to the prosecuting or defending any Actionsor Suits in the Name of or against the Treasurer of the said Company, and M operate and be in force as to all such additional Capital Stock or Money lent, and the Application of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were severally and particularly repeated and re-eoa&d in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. iv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Epsom through Ewell to Tooting, and from Ewell to King don upon Thames, and Thames Ditton; and across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, all in the County of Surry. (a) [23d March 1815.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ccafct new Tolls granted.

One Half additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. v.

40 G.3. c cxlv. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stoclfirt, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. vi.

c- 52. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and (U. K.) Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for discharging the Debt!

of the said Company.

[23d March 1815.]

[100, 000l.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for paving the Footways and Crofspalbs, and lighting, watching, cleansing, widening and other wise improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, in the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A&of HUprtfcat Majesty, for repairing the Road from Durham f to j1lfion9 io the County of aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Bums oner m J herlandi (e) w

t Additional Trt

35 G. 3. 4* G.3. c. Ixviii. So G. 3. c cxlviii. 33G.3.

34 G 3- c.125.

55° GEO. III.

C.ix.

" A.D. 1815.

hft

icajj Cap. ix*

&K An Act for erecting a Shire Hall, Courts of Justice and other ait Buildings, for Public Purposes; and for providing suitable Ac-r*M commodations for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, in and for a the County of Hereford.

[23d March 1815.]

rfe*WHEREAS the Shire Hall for the County of Hereford is \un locally situate within the City of Hereford in the same ja*County; and the Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the I'm*Peace, and the County Courts and other Courts of and for the said County have been there holden; and the said Shire Hall is also

the accustomed Place for electing Knights of the Shire, and for holding the other Public Meetings of the said County of Hereford: 4 And Whereas at the Assizes and General Gaol Delivery holden in and

$*for the said County of Hereford, on Monday the Eighth Day of £ 1 August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was presented ^1*by the Grand Jury of and for the County of Herefordt that the

Shire Hall for the said County of Hereford is a very inconvenient

Building, and ill adapted for the Administration of Justice; and

that the said Shire Hall is much out of Repair and in Decay, and

,insufficient and unfit for the Public Purposes to which the same

j*hath been and ought to be applied, and the Scite thereof, being surrounded by a Public Street in the City of Hereford, is too

j*limited and confined to admit of Enlargement, or of any adequate*4 Alteration or Improvement in the present Building, without creat-

j ing great Inconvenience by obstructing the Highway and Passage r*in the said Street: And Whereas it is expedient to erect new i 4 Courts of Justice, with suitable Conveniences, wherein to hold the j*Assizes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and the County

4 Courts and other Courts for the said County of Hereford, and to transadl other Judicial Business; and also to erect a new Shire I 4 Hall for the County of Hereford, and other proper Buildings for 1*the Purposes of such County: And Whereas a new Gaol for the

4 said County of Hereford, was some time since erected; and the

Scite or Ground whereupon the old Gaol for the said County formerly stood, and the Buildings and Materials thereupon still remain unfold and undisposed of; and the same Scite or Ground is situate in the said City of Hereford, lying in Front next to Saint Owen Street, in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the said City, and being at 4 a short Distance from the present Shire Hall, is well calculated for such new Erc&ions, with Accommodations thereto, and affords an easy Communication with the present Gaol of the said County of Hereford; and it is expedient that the said Scite or Ground Should be made use of for the said Purposes, but to adapt the same for such Purposes, and to make convenient Avenues and Approaches thereto, it will be necessary to purchase several Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Gardens and Pieces of Ground adjacent and oppoute thereto: And Whereas it is expedient that better Accommodation Should be procured for the King's Judges, when holding the Assizes in the said City of Hereford; and there appears to be no Mode of procuring permanent and suitable Accommodation for them, but by the Expenditure of a considerable Sum of Money, either in the purchase, repairing or building of some House for that Purpose: And Whereas it is expedient that the Expences of purchasing, repairing, altering or building such Houses, Buildings,

4 Tene-

1129

C.ix.

55 GEO.I1L'

A.D. 1ty

Commissioners

appointed.

Meetings of Commissioners.

Tenements, Gardens and Pieces of Ground, as shall be ncceflart

for the several Purposes aforesaid, and of erecting and making dr

said New Courts of Justice, Shire Hall, Lodgings for His Majestyi

Judges, and other Buildings and Accommodations, and of obtaining

and passing this Act, and also all other Expencet attending the Ei-

ecution thereof, should be borne and paid by and raised by way ol ' Rate upon the said County of Hereford; and it is expedient tin! c such Expences should be borne in certain Proportions by and ' between the Proprietors and the Occupiers of Lands and Herat ' taments within the said County; but as the several Ends and Pur-

poses aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority ' of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty, thit it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Jtfoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflhnbled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who now are or (hill hereafter for the time being be Justices of the Peace for the Aid County of Hereford(hall be and they are hereby appointed Coo* mifliobers for directing, ordering and managing the erection and building of new Courts of Justice, with IniraMe Conranences, wherein to hold the Affixes and General Quitter SefEons of the Peace, and the County Courts and other Courts for the find County of Hereford, and to trarffad other Judicial Bulihess, and also of a new Shire Hall for the said County of Hereford, and other proper Rooms and Buildings for the Use and Public Purposes of tie raid County, and for making, widening, beautifying or irnprotfegthe Avenues or Approaches to or surrounding the same refipravdy, and also the purcnasing, adapting or eroding of any proper and coo* modious Me flu age or Messuages, with Gardens and other frit# Conveniences ana Accommodations for the lodging of His Sffjjrity't Judges when holding Assizes in the fhid City, and repairing abd fitting up the same, and the Application of thfe Sate or Grbiwl whereon the old Gaol for the said -County flood, or ai/y proper Palrt or Parts thereof, and such other Messuages, Buildings, Lind, Groriri and Hereditaments, as shall or may be purchased or ririjintied m(*r the Powers of this Act, for such Erections and Bufldinj^i or ftck other Purposes as aforesaid, and for felling, such Patti of Scite, Buildings, Ground and Premifts aB shall not be wariril fcr the Purposes aforesaid, and for raising afld defraying the

of such Erections and Buildings as aforesaid, abadr aflSw^ chases, and other Acts to be rbade abd done undir tfa

II. And be it further enided, ' That th^i^G any Five or more of them, f&adl ntedt flit, present Gaol of and for the said'G fituafe vrithin the w next afterfhi* r

C.ix.

i31

IA.F.X815; 55 GEO. III.

i cfo wards adjourn themselves to meet or otherwise meet according to such Notice as is hereinafter directed to be given, at such time or -; i3i tim£s, and at such Place or Places within the said County of Here* ford, as such Commissioners or any Five or more of them, shall think38 proper and convenient; and if Five Commissioners shall not attend at: n* the time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, then the Com-: 3J missioners Or Commissioner present may make such Adjournment; f* and if no such Commissioner shall be present, or if at any Meeting jj an Adjournment be neglected to be made, then the Clerk of the itH Peace for the said County of Hereford, or his Deputy, may revive and contihue the Meetings of the said Commissioners, by calling One jjf or more Meetings for that Purpose, and causing such Notice to be JjJ given as is hereinafter directed; and every such Meeting so to be /jj called for the Purpose of reviving and continuing the said Meetings, £ shall and may be adjourned in like manner; and all such Adjourn- ments, and thfe Revivals and Continuations of the said Meetings, ^shall bO entered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, or his.Deputy, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and not with stand-? ing any Adjournment of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or for the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, under the Di-f region of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to I convene a Meeting of the said Commissioners, at any time prior in i Date to the time for which any Meeting shall have been adjourned; j of which Meeting so to be convened, and the Purpose thereof, the ! like Notice shall be given as is hereinafter directed with respect to ! other Meetings of the said Commissioners.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Orders, j Contracts, Sales, Purchases or other Acts or Proceedings of the said { Commissioners, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, shall'be valid utAefs done or executed at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; and that previous Notice of all the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) shall be given in the said Newspaper by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or by the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, or his Deputy, Eight Days at least before such Meeting, which Notice shall specify the Time and Place of such Meeting, and at all such Meetings the said Commissioners shall pay their own Expences, and at every such Meeting One of the said Commissioners present shall be appointed Chairman, and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or verted in such Commissioners, shall and may be exercised by the major Part of the Commissioners present (the whole Number present not being less than Five), and the Chairman shall not only have a single Vote, but in case of Equality of Votes upon any Question, shall have the decisive or carting Vote, and all the Orders and Directions of the major Part of such Commissioners present at such Meetings, shall have the same Force and Effect as if the same were done by all such Commissioners for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Entries shall be made by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners relative to the Execution of this Act; and all such Entries shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and other Places whatsoever, in allCauses, Suits, Actions^or Disputes,

touching

rn what case Orders not valid.

Notice given of Meetings, except those by Adjournment.

Chairman

appointed.

Proceedings

entered.

U3*

Committees.

Appointment

Officers.

Security.

C, ix. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181j.

touching any thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book and Books shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the tin being, and shall and may be perused and inspected at all feafouabk times, by any Person contributing towards the Expence of cart this Act into Execution, on Payment to such Clerk of the Peace One Shilling for each time of Inspection, and One Shilling morr for every Hour after the First Hour during which such Inspectio: shall continue after the First Hour; and when all the Powers and I Authorities by this Act granted to or veiled in the said Commit' lioners shall cease, in consequence of the final Execution of fuel; Powers and Authorities, such Book or Books shall be depoiitec with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Hertford, and be by him kept and preserved among! the Records of the said County.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionen may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint One or more Committee of Committees (consisting of any Number of their own Body) to fu-perintend, regulate and controul such Artificers, Officers and Workmen as shall be employed by the said Commissioners or any of them, and to fee to the due Performance of such Contrafts and Agreements and Works as may be entered into for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or any of them; and also to do and execute all such other Business, Service and Commission, as shall be committed or entrusted to its Care, Management, Superintendence or Execution, for the Purposes of this Act; and to nominate and appoint several such Committees (if necessary) for separate Departments of the said Works, or with separate Objests, and to give In. struftions to such Committees accordingly; and all Acts, Instructions, Orders and Directions, signed, done or given by the Majority of any such Committee (provided they do not exceed the Limits of the Orders of the Commissioners at large) shall be binding on such Artificers, Officers and Workmen as aforesaid, and all other Persons concerned therein, and good, valid and effectual for the Pur* poses to which the same shall relate.

F VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, a: any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act (of the spedal Object of which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given), shall and may from time to time appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and such other Officers and Persons as they may think proper for aflifling in tht Execution of this Act, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Re> gulations to be made in pursuance of the same, with such Salaries and Allowances, to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by this Act, as shall be thought reasonable by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them; and also shall and may take Security from such Treasurers, or other Officers and Persons, for the fiuthfol Execution of their Office respectively, and for duly accounting for all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be received by such Tn surer or Treasurers, Officers and Persons, and paying the Balance thereof, from time to time as the said Commissionert; nr any Fivec more of them, shall appoint; and also may from time to time remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, Officers and other Person or Perform »nd appoint others In the Room of such of them as shall be so t moved or shall die, -and may when they the said Commissioner?,

Five or more of them, shall think proper, discontinue any such Tm* surer or Treasurers, Officers and Persons so to be appointed as afore, said.

C. ix.

1133

) A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

Ai; Vll. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners j?5c may sue and be sued in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the ih time being; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by rjg or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace, shall abate or be.discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by the Act of the said Clerk of the Peace, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of thefn, but that , j such Clerk of the Peace shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Derg fendant in such Action, as the case may be: Provided always, that g every such Clerk of the Peace shall be reimbursed, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid. t VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the Scite of the old Gaol of the said County of Hereford, and the Buildings belonging thereto (situated as hereinbefore mentioned), or any Part or Parts thereof to be used as the Scite of the new Shire Hall, Courts, Offices, Messuages and 7 other Buildings to be erected and built under the Powers and Au-

> thorities of this Act, or any of them, and for such Yards, Gardens

£ and Outlets to the same, as shall be thought commodious and proper,

J or otherwise to sell and dispose of the said Scite or Ground, or any*Part or Parts thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, as they the said

1 Commissioners shall think fit; and for that Purpose, that all and fin-

r gular the said Scite, Land or Ground whereupon the said old Gaol,

P and the several Buildings belonging thereto, lately flood, and all the

P Yards, Courts, Outlets, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Water-

4 courses, Fences, Easements, Commodities, Hereditaments and Ap-

purtenances whatsoever to the same respectively belonging, or at any

0 time holden or occupied therewith, or taken or known as Part, Par-

1 cel or Member thereof, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof

f in Possession, shall ( from and immediately after the passing of this

Act) be, and the same are hereby veiled and settled in and upon)and to the Use of the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace

) for the County of Hereford, and their Successors for ever, upon

f Trust, and to the Intent that they do and shall cause or permit the

t Came Premises, every or any Part thereof, to be converted, held, used

I and disposed of, for the several Purposes of this Act, or any of them,

I or otherwise as by this Act directed or authorized, in such manner

I as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient I IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, from time to time, to treat, contract for and agree with the several Owners, Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Buildings, Gardens, Outlets, Ground, Easements, Lands and Hereditaments whatsoever, which shall or may be conveniently used for any of the Purposes of this Act, or shall be deemed necessary for making, enlarging or otherwise accommodating the new Buildings hereby directed to be built or provided, or widening, beautifying or improving the Avenues and Approaches to the same respectively, or any other of the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof (to be conveyed to or become otherwise veiled in the said Commissioners in manner hereinafter mentioned, for the Purposes of this Act), and like wife with the Owners, Occupiers and Persons

iute-

Commissioners may sue and be sued in Name of Clerk of Peace.

Glerk of Peace indemnified.

Scite of old Gaol,c. used for new Buildings.

Scite of old Gaol, &c. verted in Commission. ers for Ad.

Commissioners t« treat for other Premises upon which new Buildings erected.

1 l3a4

C. ix.

SS° GEO. III.

A.D. 1Bij,

interested in any other Messuages, Ground or Buildings whatsoew, for any Loss or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers and Periot interested, or any of them, shall or may sustain by or on account c the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and with the Mt nies to be raised in manner hereinafter directed, to pay for the Purchase of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, Ground and Heredic-ments, and for such Losses or Damages such Sum or Sums o: Moneyas shall be agreed upon between such Owners, Occupiers an: Persons interested as aforesaid, and the said Commissionerfi for tb time being, or any Three or more of them, or as shall be afefled so Jury in the cases and manner hereinafter mentioned, and also the CoA; and Charges attending such Agreements, Purchases or Afifeffoients.

Bodies Politic, X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for a! 1

Ac. may treat Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate '

for Sale pi or Sole (on behalf of themselves and their Successors), Tenants fc

*n s' Life, or per autre vie, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or hr

Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and any Person or Persons having a Beneficial Estate or Interest for any Term or Term of Years on behalf of themselves and their Issue, their Executors o: Administrators, and also of all Persons seised or entitled in Remaindf; expedant on their respective Estates and Interests, and all Feoffi in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Hufbauds, Guardians, Com-inittees of Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Trustees for and oc Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, Executors and Administrafors, and also of their Cejluique Trusts, Wive?, Wards and other Persons in Trull, for or on behalf of whom they may be respectively in terefted (whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatia Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever), and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seized or poflefledof or in any wise interested in their own Right, or for their Separate Use, and to m for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or is pr shall or may be seised, possessed of, entitled to or any wife interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Preraises, as shall or may be deemed necessary for the Purposes of this Act (except Tenants at Rack Rents, or from Year to Year, or at Will), to contract and agree with tk laid Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the Sale of fi|ch Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, Heredita-

ments and Premises, every or any Part thereof, and the Fee Siopk {hereof, or other absolute Interest therein, and all and every or any Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever, at Law or in Equity, of, in or to the same, for the Purposes of this A#; and to convey the same apd the Fee Simple or absolute Interest thereof, every or any Part thereof, and every Estate, Right, Title and Interest therein to the said Copupissioners and their Successors, Justices of the Peat; for the said Cpupty, for ever, or to such Perfun or Persons in Trur for them, and in fuefi manner as the said Commissioners shall dire#, and as Qccasion shall reqipre; and all Contracts, Agreements, SiIn and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intflfc and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter e: Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithllamling-

If Parties refusej XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Prato treat. Value ! prietor, OccuDier. Trustee or Trustees. ufrnanttMtoi fmiiiiMl

lU

i Or half Ac; ftis Gra ueii

i On jx oil

3fti

: a:

ii;

jjfl

l: S

3*1

3fi

ii'i

ii

i

I

I

I

i

i

i

i

I

A.p.8i£. 55° GEO. III. C.ix.

entitled to or interested in the Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Ground or Hereditaments, specified in the said Schedule to this Act, or any of them, shall negletft or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements, Ground, Premises or Hereditaments, mentioned or specified in the said Schedule, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for his, her or their Interest therein, or by reason of Absence, Incapacity or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in any such case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (Twenty one Days at the least before any General Quarter Sessions of the J?eace to be holden in and for the said County of Hereford), to give or cause to be given to such Owners or Persons interested, or his, her or their Husbands, Trustees, Guardians or Committees respectively, or to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession of any such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Notice in Writing signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, describing or denoting the Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so intended to be purchased, and purporting that the Value thereof will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions; and the Justices at their Sessions, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or left, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at -such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve honest Men, to be then and there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, without Fee or Reward; and in Default of the Attendance of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, then such other honest and indifferent Men of the Bye-standers as the said Sheriff shall take, or of others that he can speedily procure, to attend that Service to make up the Number Twelve, and cause them to be sworn well and truly on their Oaths to assess the Value of the Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in or referred to by the said Notice, and the Damages and Recompence to be given for the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be intended to be used for the Purposes of this Act, to the respective Owners, Occupiers and Persons interested, according to their respective Interests therein; which Path the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer to such Jury; and the said Justices, if they shall think fit, shall and may cause the said Jury to view the Place and Places, Matter and Matters in Question; and to which said Jury, the said Commissioners and all Parties interested shall have their lawful Challenges, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Jury being so charged and sworn as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence upon Qath given concerning the Nature, Quantity and Value of such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, shall by their Verdict assess the Damage an(J Recompence to be given for the same, to such respective Owners, Occupiers and Persons, according to their respective Interests therein; and the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall give Judgment for such Purchase Money or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury; which Verdict of the said Jury, and Judgment of the said Justices upon the same, shall be entered in the Records of the Sessions, and shall finally bind and be conclusive on the said Commissionera and on all Persons and Parties interested in the said Houses,

Lands,

rrr.. - --..rniga^ — -r.

!|

i

i

No Houses taken, except those specified in Schedule.

Expences of Jury, iuw paid.

C.

55° GEO.m.

A.D. 181j,

Proviso.

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, as fully and 0. tenfively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Persons and Parta had respectively consented to and joined in the Sale and Conveyanc thereof, for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take or use for the Purposes of this Act, any House, Building, Garden, Orchard, Planted Walk or Avenue to 1 House, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof other than and except the Houses, Lands, Tenements and Heredity ments, mentioned and comprized in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and intended to be taken and used for the Purposes thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall gm and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as the Recoin, pence, Price or Value for any such Houses, Buildings, Ground, Lands or Hereditaments, Easements, Privileges, Lofsor Damage as aforesaid, than what shall have been agreed to or offered by or on the Part of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, before the returning or impannelling of the Jury, that then and in such case the Costs and Expences of die Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences respecting the taking the said Verdict or Inquisition, and the Judgment, Order or Adjudication thereon, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners out of the Money to be by them raised by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to or offered by or on the Part of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, before the taking of such Verdict or Inquisition as aforesaid, as the Recompence, Price or Value for any such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands or Hereditaments, Easements, Privileges, Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences to be occaGoned as aforesaid, and all other the Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Appeal or Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by the Court of Quarter Sessions before which such Appeal cr Matter shall be heard, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced towards ind in Part of such Recompence, Price or Value; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid on demand, may be recovered by the said Commissioners, in the Name, Style or Appellation of " The Justices of the Peace of the County of Hereford, by Action of Debt, in that Name, Style or Appellation, in r of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Act no Wager of Law, Essoign or Protection, nor more than One i: parlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that in all cases srbere any Person shall, byreason of Absence from the Kingdom of Grt* Britain, have been prevented from treating, such Costs and fx-pences shall be borne and paid out of the Money to be r.r! rr

treteired by the said Commissioners under or by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender of the Money so agreed, ordered, assessed or adjudged to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands or Hereditaments, Easements or Privileges, or for such Recompence as aforesaid (subject to such Deduction for Coils as herein mentioned, or upon Investment or Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in manner by this. AA directed, as the case may be, the said Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements and Privileges, so purchased, shall veil in the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall then be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, their Workmen, Servants or Agents, to enter upon and take Possession of and make use of such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements and Privileges, and every Part thereof, and also to pull down such Houses and Buildings, or so much of them as it shall be necessary or expedient to pull down; and all such Persons and Parties who were the Owners or Occupiers thereof, shall be diverted of all Right and Title in and to the same and every Part thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed, ordered or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, and the same shall belong wholly or in Part to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Truttee for or on Behalf or in Right of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cejluique Trust, or to any Person whose Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall have been limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte " The Justices of the Peace for the County of Hereford," to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direcliou and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rights, Hereditaments or Premises, from which such Monies shall have arisen, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances affecting the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Here ditaments. Handing settled therewith, or holden or liable upon or to the same or the like Title, Ufcs, Intents or Purposes, or such Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be so paid and discharged; and where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted (under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court) in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredita-55 Geo. III. 4 D menti,

Upon Payment or Investment of Purchase Money, Commissioners may take Poflelio*.

Application of Money belonging to Corporations, if amounting to tool

U3»

C.ix.

55° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S1;

ments which shall be so purchased, taken or used asafbrfefaid pm oufTy flood settled or limited, or to, for or upon futh of them as it t] time of making such Conveyance and Settlement flnil be eiiftioj undetermined or capable of taking Effest; and in the mein tnn and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money, shall t Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be mreftedb the said Accountant'General in his Name, in the Purchase of Thn Pounds Centum Consolidated, or Thrfee Poundi^r Cfatim Ri duced Dank Annuities; and in the mekn time, and until the fii Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to befold for ri Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and AnriUal Produce of the fn Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time fc paid, by Order'of the said Court, to the Person or Persons whoitoul for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profit! of th said Meffuiges, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be pen chafed l)y virtUe'of this Act, in Case such Purchase or Settlement tret made..+,

If left than aool. XVI. Provided always, and be it filter 'cmAM, ThiHf w and not less than Money so agreed, ordered or awarded to be paid for anyMeffuagei a°h Lands, Tenements; or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used so

the Purposes aforesaid, and 'belonging to any Corporation, or ti any Person or Persons tinder any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall he less than the lSum of Two hundred Pounds, and shal exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in al such ieafes the fathe shall, at the Option of the PWbnorPerfoos fur tin time being, Entitled to the Renta and Profits'of the Mfcttbieet, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, so purchased, takeiiorbfed, or'fhij her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, ii case of Infancy, IdiotCy or Lunacy (to be ftgWffetl'in WriHsy nr» tier their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of Enfhnti, i the Name and -with the'Privity of the said Accountant General, u be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to he applied in nr tier hereihbefore directed, or'otherwise the same shall be paid, at t like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Perfor Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Core" sioners, or any Five or more of them (such Nomination and Appro bation to be figuified in Writing under the Hands and approving Forties) in order that such Priddj^Moaey, Jildtb! Dividends aruing therefrom, may'be appliedlti ftanfcrbfr&^n directed, so far as the case be appftc*ble, vriffcfet!t^ required to obtain the Direction or Approbation Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Tk<u .

Money so agreed, ordered or awarded to be paid as next before n tioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then^pd in tiifinr fifth ol: the same shall be applied to the Dfe^'fhje^ would for the time being have % do^fcj 'Ui' of the Hereditanfients so pu pbfes of this A&t in f^chnk ii the Peace&r the time b of»f

Application if left than aol.

1 A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III. C ix. IJ39

f Xy III. And be it further enacted, That in case the Perjfbu or Per- Titles not made

a toll fons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be ordered or awarded out>&c*

to* to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Lands, Tenements or i^ Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make out a good Title to the 14* Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, the said 32k Justices of the Peace for the time being, or any Five or more of ft* them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums % 1 of Money shall be so ordered or awarded to be paid as aforesaid .0*1 cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, fl'N Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com -hJH missioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said fat County, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or^Sums of Money so ordered or awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [describ'ing the m'], subject to 0 the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery

0 which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or

0 Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered (in

I a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall

1 seem meet) to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are

1 hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums

I of Money (mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the

I fame is or are received), to such Person or Persons as shall pay any

such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall Purchase arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into Money paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- Chancery on

1 countant General of the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this f-^Hv^Titler"

I Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tene- how disposed of.

nients or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the Contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unlest it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession 4 D 2 vra*

CAx

55° GEO. III.

A.D. 181j.

was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons wa» or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Court may order XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by pence* of invert- rea^on of.any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or

ing Money in Corporation entitled to any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or

Purchase of Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the

other Lands to Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the

be paid by Com- said Court of Ch

anccry, and to be applied in the Purchase of other m» oner*. Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ules in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Pur chafes from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Expences of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to be assessed and raised upon the said County of Hereford, by and under the Authority of this Act, or by the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Hereford, out of the County Rate of the said County, who shall from time to time pay such Sum of Money accordingly, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Tenant* at Will to deliver up Possession on Six Calendar

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will for one Year, or from Year to Year, and every Person or Persons in oia Possession of any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Heredita-

MomhsNotice. ments as shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint to take Possession of the same, upon having not less than Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being; and it shall be lawful and sufficient for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace, to give'stich Notice, as well before as after the respective Purchases of the

said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall have been completed, or the Purchase Money thereof paid, tendered or in-veiled as hereinbefore mentioned; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the time or times of such Tenant's Entrance or Holding, or not, or as soon after as he, she or they shall be required by such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to the said Clerk of the Peace, or any Person or Persons authorised by such Commissioners or any Five or more of them to take Possession thereof; they the said Cotnraifiioneri Coropenfhtion. making such Satisfaction and Compensation to every such Tenant or Lessee, or other Person or Persons in Possession as aforesaid, in case f he, she or they shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall deem just and reasonable; and if any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching the Amount of such Sitis-faction and Corapeufatiop, then and in such case the same shall be set-

1I4*>

A.D. 18f$.

55fiGED.ni.

C. ix-

tied and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, are hereinbefore directed to be settled and ascertained in case of any Difference or Dispute about the same; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County of Hereford, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the same Premiles, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Mortgagee on

Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages upon any being tendered Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be pur- t^n.

chafed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, not being in Pof- e'session thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall (on

Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of not less than Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, and on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due at the time to be mentioned in such Notice), convey, release, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises so purchased, to or in Favour of the said Commissioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, on such Payment or Tender thereof, then all Interest on the Principal Money due on every such Mortgage shall thenceforth cease and determine.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances FormofCon-and Assurances of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments veyanco. and Premises, to be made to the said Commissioners, the Justices of

the Peace for the said County of Hereford, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

4 J H. B. of in Consider-

4 ation of the Sum of

4 paid by the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \here insert the Title of this do hereby

4 grant and release unto the Commissioners appointed by the said

Act, the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the County of Hereford, and their Successors for the time being, Justices of the 1 Peace for the said County, All [here describe the Mejjuagesy Lands,

4 Tenements and Premises to be conveyed>-] and all my Eslate, Right,

Title and Interest of, in and to the same and every Part thereof,

To hold to the said Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, and their Successors for the time

being, Justices of the Peace for the said County, for ever: In Wit-

4D 3

nefs

C. iti

SS° GEO. III.

A; D. igij.

Conveyance valid, &c.

nefs whereof; I have heteuritO fek my Hand and Seal, this

Day of in the Yea(f Of our Lord

Anti every such Sale, Conveyance and A fluran£e so made, arid every Contract and Agreement for such Sale, Conveyance and Affufance, shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Proofed what-foevcjr, not only to (ell or convey the Estate of Interefi of the Perfort or Persons conveying, but also to felt and to convey all Right, Eslate, Interest, Ufc, Trust, Property, Possibility, Clairri and Demand whatsoever, of his, her or their several arid respectlvfc Ce/ltiiqtu Trulls, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, froth or urider him, her or them respectively, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion ex pedant upon such Particular or other Mate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Peffons (if Ihe or they shall be entitled to any Right of Dowel-), and all Estates Tail, and all Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and the I flue and Issues of such Per ton or Persons, and every Person claiming or to tlaira under therri respectively, as effectually as Fines and Common Recoveries would do in cases where a Fine and Com-rpon Recovery would acquire the absolute Fee Simple if levied or suffered by the Parties interfiled, and such Parties had beeti adult Bodies Politic, and without Impediment of Disability (ariy Law, Statute, Usage Or fcc. indemnified £uAom to the contrary notwithstanding); and all arid every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate Or Sole, apd all Tenants for Life or per autre vie, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years deterriainable on any Life or Lives, or having a beneficial Estate for Years, and all Feoffees in TrhA, Husbands, Trustees, Executors, Admiriistrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Personp, shall be and are hereby indemnified fdr what they shall do or cause to be done by virtue or in purfuarice of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com-xniifioners, the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the Paid County of Hereford, to hold all Lands, Tenerhents and Hereditaments to be taken, purchafod, conveyed to, or otherwise vested in them by virtue of this Act, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeiture^ of the Statutes of Mortmain; any Law, Statute of Usage whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

_______ XXIV. Ahd be it further enacted, That when the said MefluSges,

taken down and Dwelling; Houses, Tenements, Buildings, Gardens, Outlets, Grounds, new Courts. Eifements, Lands and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, shall so as aforesaid be purchased or become veflfcd in the said Commissiorierb, Ae JrifticeS of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, it Hlall and riariy he lawful to aim for tbi said Comrtilfiioners, or any Five dr fribre bf them, to diferit dr calife the Paid Messuages, Dwelling arid other Buildings to be taken

down, and td Tell the Materials thereof either When taken doWn or stan^iri]?, or to qfe the ferine or ariy Part thertof in the ntew BtriMibgs hjfttiriafter riferitidned, is to stich CotlririiflSdbert of aby Flite or thOre ol them shall feed* most propes, add to abMy'iftt bldaf-Motafes arising from frich Safe (If %,) ris the MObfer to he iritifcd Ob the said County bf &frefotd are hereinafter dife&ttf to be abdlied, Of is the fttthd CoWwtSifrr the Pfa&gfe MdJtett*B*#)g

.v math

Mortmain.

Old Buildings

erected, &c.

U43

A-E55° GEO. III. C.ix.

Houses, Tenements, Buildings and Hereditaments, or any of them respectively, to agree that the Materials thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be taken down and removed b v the Person or Persons respectively agreeing to sell the same, to his, her or their own Use and Benefit; and also to cause to be erected, built and made on the Scite of the said Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, Buildings, Gardens, Outlets, Ground, Lands and Hereditaments, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, and upon the Scite of the aforesaid old Gaol, and the Buildings and Premises belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, new Courts of Justice, a new Shire Hall, and an Office or Offices for the Use of the Clerk of the Peace, and for keeping of the Rolls, Records, Books and Papers of the said County of Hereford, and a House for the Lodging or Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the said County of Hereford, together with such Buildings, Rooms, Additions, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Outlets, Avenues and other Accommodations to or for the same respectively, and to be completed and fitted up in such manner as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall judge requisite and proper, and also to widen and improve the Avenues and Approaches to the said new Shire Hall, Courts, Offices, Buildings and Premises, by throwing any Part or Parts of the Scites so to be purchased or acquired, into the Public Streets near or surrounding the same or any of them, or any other Application of such Scites, or any Part or Parts thereof; and also to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for executing all or any of the aforesaid Works, or to cause and procure the same to be executed, without entering into such Contract or Contracts, in such manner as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper: Provided always, that all such Buildings, Rooms, Additions, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Outlets, Avenues and other Accommodations as aforesaid, shall be completed within Three Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such House, Lodgings or Accommodation for the said Judges as aforesaid, either shall and may be erested, built and made upon the Scite of the said old Gaol, and the Buildings and Premises belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, or of any Houses, Buildings or Premises near or adjoining to the same, which shall be purchased and taken down as aforesaid, or by purchasing, repairing, fitting up and adapting any other convenient and suitable Messuage or Dwelling House, or Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Yards, Gardens and Premises, in the said City of Hereford, at such a Distance from the said Scite of the said old Gaol, as to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall seem most expedient; all which Messuage or Dwelling Houses or Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Yards, Gardens and Premises, shall and may be purchased, repaired and fitted up under the Provisions and Directions hereinbefore contained.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of this Act for the time being, to take and receive from the High Sheriff of the said County of Hereford for the time being, as a Consideration for providing such Lodgings and Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices of Assize as aforesaid, at each and every Assize holden for the said County, such Sum or Sums of Money as hath or have usually been or shall hereafter be allowed, paid or issued by or out of His Majesty's Exchequer

4 D 4 to

L

Proviso,

Lodgings for Judges made on Scite of Old Gaol, or near thereto, or by purchasing, any Messuage or Premises at a Dillance from Scite.

Commissionerg empowered to take Consideration for Judges Lodgings.

tifc

U44

C.its.

5j*Gfio.nr.-.A.D. 1S15.

Sheriff, for providing such Lodgings and Accom-

And be it farther enacted, That when the said Courts,

_____ __________ Offices and Buildings shall be completely firtished and

for Public P11/- ffted up, the same, and the Ground thereof, and all other the Lands, poses. Hereditaments and Premises whatsoever which shall be respectively

purchased by virtue of this Act, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and the same are hereby from thenceforth veiled in the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Hereford, upon Trull, and to the End, Intent and Purpose that the said Justices of the Peace shall and will from time to time and at all times hereafter appropriate such Part or Parts of the said Buildings as they shall think proper, for the sole Purpose of an Office or Offices for the Use of the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Hereford and his Deputy and for the safe keeping of the Rolls, Records and Papers of the said County, and peaceably, quietly and freely permit and suffer all the Courts of the Justices of Assize and Nil! Prius, Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, or special Commissions for the said County of Hereford, and the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, and the County Courts of the said County of Hereford (whether for the Purpose of Elections to be held therein, or for ordinary judicial Proceedings), and all Inquisitions, and Writs of Inquiry, of and for the said County of Hereford, and the Hundred Courts and other Courts of the said County of Hereford, to be holden in the said Courts of Justice, or one of them, or in the said Shire Hall, as the Occasion may require; and also permit and suffer the other Buildings and Premises to be erected or adapted as aforesaid, and the Appurtenances to be had and used at all such Times for the respective Purposes for which they may be designed and adapted; and also peaceably, quietly and freely permit and suffer the Sheriff and Freeholders for the time being of the said County of Hereford to meet and to hold all Public Meetings of such County in the said Shire Hall (when and as often as they shall be there legally convened by the said Sheriff); and also peaceably, quietly and freely permit and suffer the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall and other Buildings and Premises, to be had, used and enjoyed for such other Public Uses and Purpose6 as the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time direct, order or appoint, with free Liberty, for all Persons whom it may concern, to act and officiate in and to resort to and attend upon the said Courts and Meetings as they shall have Occasion; and when and as soon as the said Courts, Shire Hall, and other Buildings and Premises shall have been completed, and shall be fit for the Purpose for which the same are hereby directed to be made, the present Shire Hall called*The Shire Hall, ' with the Rooms, Buildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging (which Premises belong to the Corporation of the said City of Hereford), shall from thenceforth be discharged of and from all Claims, Rights and Privileges thereto or therein, which have heretofore cxifled, or been claimed or exercised for or on account of any of the Purposes or Occasions of the said County of Hereford; anil the said County of Hereford shall for ever thereafter be wholly exonerated and diifcharged from any Liability to maintain or repair the o, said

to the said modation. Cr?'&TC*, XXVII.

veiled in Juf- shjre Hal,

rtf I VinnfTF '

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO.IIL C. ix. 1145

said present Shire Hall, Rooms and Buildings, with the Appurtenances.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as Junfi*i£Hjn the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall, and other Buildings and s'ven to Courts. Premife8 to be provided and erected under the Powers and Authorities

of this Act, shall have been erected and completed as aforesaid, or made fit for transacting Business, then and from thenceforth the Justices of Assize and Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for the said County of Hereford, and also the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, at their General Quarter Sessions and at all other times, and the Sheriff of the County of Hereford for the time being, as well for the ordinary Purposes of Jurisdiction as for electing Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Hereford\ and for electing Coroners for the said County of Hereford, and for executing all Writs of Esquire for the said County of Hereford, and all Juries, Officers,

Witnesses and others, of or acting for the said County of Hereford,

shall and may lawfully fit, execute and discharge their several Functions,

Commissions, Processes, Duties and Services, in the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall and other Buildings and Premises so as aforesaid authorized to be erested, made or acquired by this Act, in the same manner and under the same circumstances as hath been used at the old Shire Hall and Courts of Justice in and for the said County; and that, for removing all Doubts and Difficulties which might otherwise arise as to Jurisdiction in or upon the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall, and other Buildings and Premises to be erected and built, made or acquired by virtue of this Act, all and every the Processes,

Rules, Orders, Attachments, Judgments, Executions, Records and Proceedings of the said Courts of Assize and Nisi Prius Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, Quarter Sessions, County and other Courts whatsoever, as and when the said several Courts shall respectively fit or be holden at, in or upon the said Courts of Justice,

Shire Hall, and other Buildings and Premises to be erested, built, made and acquired under the rowers of this Act, shall be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, and shall be deemed and considered, and are hereby declared to be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said several Courts had not been removed, but had respectively continued to fit and be holden in the said old Shire Hall and Court Houses respectively, or the former Place or Places where the same several Courts respectively have heretofore fitten and been holden; any Law, Statute or Practice to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Commissioners be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, at may^or ex* any time or times, to make Sale and dispose of any Part or Parts of oi^Scite^of old* the Scite or Scites of the aforesaid old Gaol and the Buildings an& Gaol, &e°not Premises belonging thereto (if any) which shall not be wanted for wanted for Pur-the Purposes of this Act, such Sale to be made by Public Auction pofei of Act. or Private Contract and in such Lots, and for such Prices, as to

the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall seem meet, and upon the Completion of any and every such Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, by any Deed or Deeds sealed and delivered by them, and to be enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, to

grant,

1146 C. ix. GEO. III. A.p. 13

giant, appoint, convey or otherwise aflfure the Ground, Scites, Buildings and Premises which shall be so sold as aforesaid with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, and his or their Heirs and Assigns, or otherwise to such Uses and in such manner as he or they shall direct or require. Monies so arise XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all the by Sales, paid to Monies to arise an(j produced by any such Sales as aforesaid from rea urer. time to time, shall be from time to time paid to the Treasurer for the time being appointed for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be applied for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, in like manner as is hereinafter provided with respect to other Monies.

Courts, &c. in- XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Courts,

1 ortedTat Ex*" Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises shall be completed,

pence of*finished and fitted up, the same shall be for ever thereafter insured,

County. supported, repaired, and kept and maintained in Repair, and provided

with proper Accommodations and Furniture from time to time as Occasion shall require, at the Expence and Charge of the said County of Hereford; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at any General Quarter Sessions of the said County, or the major Part of them then asserabled, from time to time to order the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises to be insured, supported, repaired and kept and maintained in Repair, and provided with proper Accommodations and Furniture, and be repaired and altered in such manner as they shall think fit; and the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall and may from time to time appoint one or more Person or Persons to look after and take Care of the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises, and the several Apartments thereof, and shall and may order such Salary, or allow such Fees to such Person or Persons, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and also shall and may order the Expence and Charge thereof, and likewise of the Furniture, Insurance and Repairs of the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises as aforesaid (and also the Insurance of the same whilst building, if they think proper so to insure the same) from time to time to be defrayed and paid by and out of the Monies to be raised by the general Rates and Assessments made and to be made, assessed and levied in the said County by virtue of an Act

12 G.z. c.zy. of Parliament made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy affejsing, colie Sing and levying of County Rates, and by

13 G. % . c.18. virtue of an Act made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the

5 7' Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An

A3 to continue several Laws therein mentioned; for punching such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing ExaSiotis of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames IVeJlward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty's Subje3s trading thither under Foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manntr

C. ix.

1147

A.D.f8i$* 55° GEO. III.

of dppdyhig fot the fdMi } for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Frdnchifes or Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties dhd Frdnchifes as hdise Cotnrhijftons of the Peace within themselves, and ift such maflrter as is directed in and by an Act of the Ninth Year df His present Majesty, intituled Art AS to enable the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter Sessions of their respeSive Counties and Divi/tonsi to repair the Shire Hallsi County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Assii.es or Grand Sissions are usually held.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, or in any maimer destroy the said Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings and Premises so to be erected arid built, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectitely, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom fiieh Person or Persons shall be tried shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, to such Place and in such manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such Corporal Punishment, or such other Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as the Court before whom such Person or Persons is or are so tried shall think proper to order Or inflict; and the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, assembled in their General Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised from time to time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments at the Assizes for the County of Hereford, and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County for the time being, out of the Public Stock or general County Rates of and for the said County; and in every such Iridiftmerit'or Indictments, such Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings, Premises and Appurtenances, shall respectively be alleged, and described, and deemed and taken to be the Courts, Shire Hall, Offices, Buildings, Premises and Property respectively (as the case may happen) of*The Justices of the Peace for the County of HerefordJ without particularly (fating or specifying the Name or Names of all Or any of the said Justices.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the pafiittg of this Act, the said Commissioners or any Five or ihorfe of them shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed and required from time to time to affeis and raise within arid upori the said County of Hertford (except the City of Hereford and the Borough of Leomnjler, and the Liberties thereof respectively, 6r such Parts thereof respectively as have not been usually assessed to the County Rate), such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty three thousandone hundred and fifty Pounds, as shall be reUUifitfe arid {Efficient for purchasing, acquiring,

Xfebtfild&ig, repairing and fitting up such Ground* Prtrbtifrt Us hereinbefore mentioned, and for effecting'thd^fafpig into frill Execution the fevettl Powers and Purposes & Acts Act, and discharging the Several Cods, Charges and Expences 'fp incident

9 G. 3. c. 40.

Destroying Courts, £cc.

Transportation,

See.

Justires of the Peace to order Prosecution of Offenders, &c.

Money for carrying Act into Execution, how raised.

C. ix.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

incident to or attending the same, or to be occasioned thereby, and to that End, Intent and Purpose the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed and required from time to time to cause to be levied and raised such Number of Rates as they shall think fit, of the like nature and upon the like Plan as the ordinary County Rates for the Special Rates. said County of Hereford, and to be called*Special Rates in the*Nature of County Rates, and for that Purpoic from time to time to issue their Precept or Warrant to the High Constables of the re-ipe&ive Hundreds or Divisions of the said County of Hereford, except as aforesaid, notifying the Sum or Sums of Money which they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them shall have rated or assessed upon the said County of Hereford, and also notifying in each of such Warrants or Precepts, the Share or Proportion of such Sum or Sums of Money which ought to be raised or levied, upon each of the respective Hundreds in the said County, according to the ancient or usual Scale or Proportion by which the said several Hundreds in the said County have contributed, or been assessed or rated to the County Rates raised for the said County of Hereford, and in the manner usually adopted in levying and raising the County Rates, together with the time which the mid Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper to appoint for the Payment thereof (and which time it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them so to appoint), and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said respective High Constables, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue Warrants or Notices under their Hands to the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and other Places within their respective Hundreds or Divisions, to be delivered to such Churchwardens and Overseers respectively, or to be left at their respective Dwellings, or usual or last Places of Abode, requiring or direfling them to raise, collect, levy and pay to such relpeffive High Constables, within the time specified in the said Precept or Warrant which shall have been issued by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them (such time not being less than by the Laws now in force is allowed for the raising and paying of County Rates in the like case), the Sum or Sums which ought to be paid and contributed by or rated or assessed upon such respective Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and Places (Parochial and Extraparochial), according to the Share and Proportion by which they respectively have anciently or usually contributed or paid, or have been rated or assessed towards the County Rates raised or levied within such Hundreds respectively; which Sum or Sums such Churchwardens and Overseers are hereby required to pay to such High Constables respectively, whose Receipts shall be good and sufficient Discharges for the same; and for delivering or leaving such Warrant or Notice as aforesaid to the respective Churchwardens and Overseers, it shall be deemed and considered to be a sufficient Service of such Warrant or Notice, if the same shall have been delivered to or left at the Dwelling or usual or last Place of Abode of One of such Churchwardens or Overseers; and the Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers of every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet and Place which shall have been so rated or assessed as aforesaid, shall and may and is and

are

C.ix.

1149

arc hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the Sum or Sum of Money from time to time thereon so rated or assessect, by a Rate or Assessment upon the several Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Property rated or rateable to the Relief of the Poor within such Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinA, Village, Hamlet and Place, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Proportions by which such respective Occupiers shall have been rated or assessed in and by the Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor within every such Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinA, Village, Hamlet and Place respectively, which shall have been made next and immediately preceding the Date of such Precept or Warrant made and issued by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, under this Act as aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons shall (after Demand made, or Notice thereof in Writing left at his, her or their Dwelling or usual or last Place of Abode) neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated or assessed upon him, her or them, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace ft>r the said County of Hereford, upon Complaint thereof made by any One of such Churchwardens or Overseers by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default, not only in the said County of Hereford', but in any other County (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the same in the last mentioned case being first indorsed by some Justice of the Peace for the County where any Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons shall be found), rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduAing the Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinA, Village, Hamlet or Place, shall neglect, make Default, or refuse to pay, within the time to be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, to the High Constable of the Hundred or Division within which such Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinA, Village, Hamlet or Place doth lie, such 6um or Sums of Money as shall have been demanded or required by the said High Constable as and for the Share or Proportion payable by or from such Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinA, Village, Hamlet or Place, of and towards the Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid, upon the said County at large, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to levy the same, or so much thereof as shall remain unpaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, so negleAing, making Default or refusing as aforesaid, not only in the said County of Hereford but in any other County, City, Town, Borough, Franchise or Place (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the same being in such last mentioned case first indorsed by some Justice of the Peace for the County, or by the Mayor or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchise where any Goods of the respective Defaulters shall Tie' found), rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduAing the Charges and Expences of

Distress.

Overseers nej-ledting to raile Money subject to Didrcls.

C.ix.

5S«CE0.m.

A.D.f8ij.

Tenants in Country may dedud Two thirds of Rate out of Rents.

such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case any such Distress and Sale shall be made, or if any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers shall pay unto any High Constable any Sum or Sums of Money, which shall have been so as aforesaid rated and assessed by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for such Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Purpose of re-imbursing himself and themselves all and every such Sum and Sums of Money for which such Distress shall have been taken, or which he or they shall have so paid, to raise and levy the same by a Rate or A(Te(Tment, in such and the like manner as he or they is or are hereby authorized and empowered to raise and levy any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been rated or assessed by the said Commissioners, or the Proportion thereof payable from or by the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place of which he or they shall be the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Rack Rent of any House, Land, Tithe, Tenement or Hereditament in the said County of Herejord, who shall pay any Rate or Assessment to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall and may (subject to the Proviso hereinafter contained) dedud Two third Parts thereof out of his, her or their respective Rent or Rents, and shall be acquitted or discharged for so much Money as such Two thirds of such Rate or Assessment, or Rates or Assessments shall from time to time amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the Amount thereof had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Rent or Rents is or shall be payable, and such Person and Persons is and are hereby required to allow from time to time such Deductions upon the Receipt or Tender of the Refidpc of such Rent or Rents (notwithstanding any Agreement or Covenant between any Landlord and Tenant to the contrary); but if it shall so happen that any of the said Premises shall be rated, for the Purposes of this Act, at a higher Value than the Sum paid as the Rack Rent for the same, then and in every such case a relative Proportion of the Rate, with Reference to the Excess beyond the Amount of such Rent, shall be paid wholly by the Tenant.

__________ XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the

extended to Ad Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisoes and Authorities provided or for raising Rate given to Justices of the Peace and others, for making, collecting and upon County. ]eVying County Rates or othervvil'e, contained in and by the said several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of His said late Majesty King George the Second, shall (except as far as the same are varied or filtered by this Act, or are inconsistent with the Powers and Euadraents in this Act contained, or auy of them) be and are hereby applied and extended to.the said Commissioners the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford hereby appointed, and to all the High Constables, Overseers, Petty Constables and others, for the making, assessing, raiiing, levying, collcding and recovering and enforcing the Payment of all and every the special Rate and Rates, Assessment and Assessments to be made for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid upon the said County of Hereford, or upon any Parish, Town, Liberty, Prcciud, Village, Hamlet and Place, Paro-

Former Ad*

C. ix.

iiSi

dhial and Extruparochial therein, and shall extend to and be good, valid and effectual for the carrying of this Act into Execution to all Intents and Fufposes, and as fully and effectually as if the said Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions and Authorities were specially repeated, inserted and enabled in and by the present Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be Application of iraised and received by the said Commissioners the Justices of the Money re-Peace for the time being for the said County of Hereford, upon and ce, vc(i from the same County, or by any other ways and means by virtue

of this Act, shall in the first Place be applied in discharging and paying all the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, with In-tfcreft for all Monies advanced, and afterwards for the several Purpose* of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from time to time think fit and direct; and that after all such Costs, Charges and Expences, and the Expences of erecting and making the said Courts of Justice, Shire Hall,

Offices, and Buildings and Premises, and of all other Matters and Things by them authorized or directed to be done in and about the Execution of this Act, and all Dabts incurred thereby, and all other Monies to be by them expended in pursuance of this Act, shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Surplus of the Money (if any)raised and levied upon the said County of Hereford, or otherwise raised or received by virtue of this Act, shall, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be paid into the Public Stock of the* said County, and be deemed and taken and shall and may be paid and applied as Part of the Common Stock, to and for such Uses as the County Stock can or may be applied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Com- Commissioners, missioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are herebyc-to au'J, t respectively required, between the First Day of January and the ccoum&' iFirst Day of July m every Year, until the Powers of this Act shall

be fully performed and executed, examine, audit and settle the Accounts of Monies received and paid by them respectively from time to time, by virtue and in Execution of this Act, of or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and such Accounts shall from time to time be stated, examined and settled, and shall also, if required by the said Commissioners, or auy Five or-more of them, be verified on the Oath of the Person accounting for the same, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of them, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

XXXIX. And, for the more speedily raising a.Fund for the Ratesmort-Pufpofes of this Act, be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful

for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting'or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow and take up at Interect, upon the Credit pPthe Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act on tile said County of Hereford\ any Sum or Sums of Money, which to them or any Five or more of them shall appear necessary or expedient for the Purposes of this Act, or for carrying the same into Execution; and for securing all -and every Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered faflm time to time, by«ny -Writing under their Hands, or the Haro? 01 any Five or more of them, in the Form hereinafter contained, to mortgage, demise, . grant

r

IIS*

C. ix.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Fee.

Form of Mortgage.

Mortgagees to be Creditors in equal Degree.

Mortgages

alCgoed.

§aJ

Su

or assign the said Rates and Assessments upon the said County of Hereford, or any Part or Parts thereof (the Charges of such Mortgages or Securities to be paid thereout), to any Person or Persons as a Security or Securities for the Money which shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof; and Copies of all.such Mortgages, Demises, Grants or Assignments respectively, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for each of which Copies he fhatl be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Form of every Mortage to be made by virtue of this Act as a Security for any Sum or I urns of Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be in the Words following, or in any other Words to the like Purport or Effest; that is to say,

' BY virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled \here insert

the Title of this A3-] We the undersigned Commissioners appointed by the said Act in Confederation of the Sum of

advanced and lent by A. B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes

of the said Act, do grant, bargain, fell and demise, unto the said A. B. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, such Proportion

of the Rates and Monies to be by us raised or rated by virtue of

the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall

4 bear to the whole Sum which may at any time be borrowed, or become due and owing, or charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and until the said Sum of with Interest for the same,

4 after the Rate of per Centum per Annum shall be

4 repaid and satisfied. Witness our Hands the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred

4 and

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Demises, Grants or Assignments shall be made, shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein respectively mentioned, be Creditors on the said Rates and Assessments so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal Degree One with another, and shall not nave any Preference with respect to the Priority of any such Mortgages, or of the Dates of their said respective Mortgages, but the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as to the Mortgages made by them, shall nevertheless have full Power and Authority to direct in what Order and Course such Mortgages respectively shall be discharged.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time to time transfer or assign over his, her or their Right, Title and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoener* by IndorsemedMW the back of such Security, or any Writing totbe annexed the WiS

lTS3

A.D. 1815. 5*5° GEO. III. Clix.

to C. D* his Executors, AdrainiftratoTs and Assigns. Dated the«Day of A. B.'

Which Transfer or Alignment shall be produced to the Clerk of the Raftered. Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, who shall register and enter the same in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages, for which he shall be paid Two Shillings and Fee.

Six pence by the Person requesting the same; and after such Entry thereof made, and not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignees may in like manner transfer and assign again from time to time (such Transfer being entered and paid for as aforesaid), and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignmentor Transfer of any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Money due thereon; and in case any such original Mortgages, Assignments or Securities shall be lost or destroyed, the Copies or Entries thereof, made as aforesaid, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence to entitle the Person or Persons to whom the Monies due thereon shall respectively belong to the Payment thereof, as fully and effectually as if the said original Mortgages and Assignments respectively were existing; and the Clerk of the Peace, or Person in whose Custody such Copies or Entries shall happen to be, is hereby required to produce the same for the Benefit of such Creditors respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall Aggrieved by be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of Irregularity of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall r"'

the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Speci l Oj-Trespassers on account of any Dcfed or Want of Form in the In- mag*s. formation, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or in the Appointment of the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or of any other Agent or Person levying the same, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties didraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularities shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, {he or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Colts in an Action of Trespass, or upon the Case.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, For- Recovery of feitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Penalties, manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to admf-nifter), and in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith by the Offender or Offenders, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of full* Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and req|frQd to grant for such Purpose), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale 55 Geo. III. 4 E are

C.\x.

55° GEO.III. A.D. 1815.

Application of Penalties,

Convifllon of Offenders.

Form of Conviction.

arc recovered and deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all such Costs and Charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all such Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines when levied (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed) shall from time to time be paid to the Treasurer for the time being under this Act, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money arising from such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall and may be incurred or levied by virtue of this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer appointed by virtue of this Act, and shall be applied and disposed of to and for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Uses or Purposes whatsoever.

XLVI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That^very Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any other Form to the same Effest, as the case shall happen; that is to say,

iDE it remembered, That on ' [Time of ConviBion] at [Place of

4 ConviBion] A. B.

[Name of Offender] of [Addition of Offender]

was duly convicted before me [or, us] [Name and Style of con-

vising Justice or Jufices] for that the said A. B.

[Name of Offender] on [Time of committing Offence] at [Place of committing Offence] did [herefate the Offence againf this Act> according to the

FaB] contrary to the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled

[herefetforth the Title of this AS] and I [or, we] do therefore declare and adjudge that the said A. B.

[Name of Offender] has for-

feited for the said Offence the Sum of [Fine] or shall be committed to [Place of Imprisonment] for the Space of [Time of Imprisonment]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals]

the Day and Year first above written.*

Appej. XLVI I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person

or Persons shall think himself, herself or theraselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, then and in every such case, he, (he or they shall asd may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the said Cowgyof Hertford, at their GeneralQuarter Selfioda to he holden next after any such Cause ff Appflfllshall hay ariiep^and the said Justketar*

Ix55

A.D. 1815* 55 GEO. III. C. ix,

1 Order shall be final and conclusive, and not removeable by Cnliorari Certiorari, or otherwise.

I XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Perjury.

Examination, Return or Proceeding is herein directed to be taken, made or done upon Oath, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any One or more of the said Commissioners, or of the Members of the Committee or Committees, or of the Person or Persons (being respectively a Justice or Justices of the Peace) before whom such Examination, Return or Proceedings directed to be taken, made or done, to administer such Oath; and that all and every Person and Persons who, upon any Oath to be taken by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly swear falsely or take a false Oath, and all and every Person or Persons who in any Examination taken by virtue or under the Authority of this Act shall give false Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, shall and may be respectively prosecuted for the same respectively, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiffs not to Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced recover without against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in purfunnee of 'p^niler of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Dc- Amends, fendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any time after the Action brought and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the tune of such last mentioned Tender, but shall pay Treble Costs, Treble Costs. to be recovered in the same manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other case by Law; or iu case no Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before lftue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Money peiU into Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. Court.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing Actions. done or to be done by virtue of this Act, until after Twenty one Days Notice of an Intention of bringing such Action shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons agahrft whom such Action is intended to be brought, thereby setting forth the particular Cause of such Action, or af&r Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or 4 E 2 after

C. \x*

ix $6

55° GEO. m.

A.D. 18!5*

General Issue.

Tender of Amende.

Treble Coll*.

Public Act.

after Three Calendar Months next after the Fa A or Cause of A&ioa shall have arisen, and every such Action shall be brought, laid and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant and Defendants in such Actions shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be tried thereupon, and that the Ad complained of, or the Subject Matter of such Action, was done by virtue and under the Authority of this Act; and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action was brought before the Expiration of such Twenty one Day8 next after such Notice shall have been given or left ai aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the End of Three Calendar Months next after the Fad or Cause of such Action shall have arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County than ai aforesaid; then and in every of the said cases, the Jury on the Trial of such Action or Actions shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the same after the De« fendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be non-suited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering his, her or their Costs in any other case by Law.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act j and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being spe. cially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

TENEMENTS.

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

No. I. A Messuage and Public House,1 called The Catherine Wheel, with all the Houses, Outhouses, Buildings, Yards, Stables and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate in Saint Owen's Street and Gaol Lane, having Saint Owen's Street on the Erst and South, Gaol Lane on the West, and Saint Peter's Church on the North and East Parts thereof No. 2. A Messuage situate in Saint^Owen's Street, having the said Street on I the South, a Messuage in the Occupation I of John Aston on the East, and the'Ground belonging to the Old the North jSidet thereof, with Outbuildings^Apj

James Allen.

John Aston.

f James Allen and

[ Jas. Bosworth.

Late b the Occupation of I Mils Powell, I but now roid. j

TENEMENTS.

OWNERS.

OCCUPIERS.

No.3. A Messuage situate in Gaol' Lane, having the said Lane on the South West, the Land belonging to the Old Gaol on the North, a House called The Flower Pot on the North West, and No.4., next mentioned, on the East Sides thereof, with the Yard, Outbuildings and Appurtenances - -

No. 4. So much of a Skittle Ground' or Garden as lies behind, and of the same Breadth as the Messuage and Premises No. 3., having the same Premises on the West, the Ground belonging to the Old > Gaol on the South, the Residue of the said Skittle Ground or Garden on the

John Aston.

John Aston.

William Bruton.

Wm. Morgan.

North, and N0.5., next mentioned, on the East Sides thereof - - -J

No. 5. So much of a Garden as lies^behind, and of the same Breadth as the Messuage and Premises No. 3., having the Residue of the said Garden on the North, ! the Ground belonging to the Old Gaol on the South and East, and the said Skittle Ground and Garden, No.4., on the West Sides thereof -

No. 6. A Messuage situated in Bve'j Street, having the said Street on the South, a Messuage in the Occupation of Mr. John Thackway on the West, a Messuage in the Occupation of William Symonds Esquire, and a Street or Lane called Gomond's Lane, on the East, and certain Stables, Outhouses and Buildings, belonging to the said William Symonds and Joseph Woodhouse, and J. T. Wood-house on the North Sides thereof, with the Stable, Coach House, Garden, Outbuildings and Appurtenances - -J

JohnAfton.

Jos. Woodhouse and

J.T. Woodhouse.

James Hill.

Joseph

Woodhouse*

All which Premises are situate in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the City of Hereford.

Cap. x.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Stanhope, by jEdmondbyers, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Greenheady in the Parish of Shotley, in the County of Northumberland (b) [[23d March 1815.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present 34 o. 3. c. lit Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick. (r) [23d March 1815.]

[ Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ccafc} new Tolls granted.]

4 E 3 Cap.

C.xii — xviii.

55'GEO.IIL

A.D. 1815.

43 G. 3. c. cxxii. repealed.

«9G. 3. c 107. in part md 39 k 40 G. 3. c. xix. wholly repealed.

33 G.3. c. 182.

32 G. c. 37. aoG.3. c. 72. 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. xci.

Cu/>. xii.

An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and frost the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exe Bridge and Countess JVear Bridge. (b) [23d March 1815.]

[Additional Tolls (in certain cases) on Sunday.

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from EUand Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, to join the Dewsbury and EUand Turnpike.Road, at or near to a certain Obelisk belonging to Sir George Armytage Baronet, in the Parish of Dewsbury, all in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [23d March 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Hasting den, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making and maintaining several Branches therefrom, all in the County Palatine of I.an-caster. (u) [23d March 1815.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from 0diham to Alton, in the County of Southampton. (b) [23d March 1815.]

[.Former Tolls to cease, new Tells granted. Additional Tolls on Sunday, j

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Second; and of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfeld, in the County of Derby, (a) [23d March l8lf.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday. See Mistake, as to Tolls, reBified, pof. c- lxxxviii.J

Cap. xvir.

33 G.3. c. i8g. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Road* in the County of Roxburgh, and other Roads connected therewith leading into the Counties of Berwick, Northumberland and Durham. (b) [23d March 1815.]

Cap. xviii.

A.D. 1815.

GEO. III.

C. xix — xxvi.

1159

Cap. xix.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and amend the Powers of 3 G. 3. c. 45. Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from3 G.3. c.iox.

JLawton, in the County of Chester, to Burjlem and Newcastle under 45 0-3 c.lxxx. Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also to make a new Road from Burjlem aforesaid to Cobridge, and a Branch therefrom to Burjlem Church. (£)

[2d May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, 51G. 3. c.cnv for repairing, enlarging and improving the Parish Church of Uungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for building a 3' G. j. c. 74.

new Church at Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act to light, watch, pave, cleanse and improve the Streets,

Highways and Places within the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide Fire Engines and Firemen for the Protection of the said Borough.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to alter, extend and amend the Powers of Two Acts, passed 10 G.a. c.6. in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George repealed, the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present 11 G> - c.74* Majesty, for better paving, lighting and watching the City of [he FM^y*5 New Sarum, in the County of Wilts.

[2d May 1815 ] repealed.

[Tolls to be taken on Sunday, and during the Saltfbury Races.2

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving and 34 G. 3. c.106. otherwise improving the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving 41 g. 3. c. cxixi. certain Plots of Ground belonging to the Right Honourable Ann 43 G. 3. Dowager Baroness Southampton, and other Persons, in the Parish c* of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

[ad May 1815.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of 330.3.0.92. His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing and improving 37 G. 3. c.44* the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructiona jmd Annoyances therein; and for watching the said Town.

4E 4

[ad May 1815.]

Cap.

C. xxvii — xxxiii.

55° GEO^IU.

A.D. 1815;

46 G xxv"'

o*c,ln. Act for dividing, inclosing and felling the Waste Lands, and Lammas and other Commonable Rights, in the City and County of the City of Lichfield; to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places within the City of JAchfield, and the Suburbs thereof; and for better applying the said City with Water.

[2d May 1815.]

[«S>e post. c. xxix.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for building a Market House in the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon; and for better paving, lighting, widening and improving the Streets and other Public Places within the said Borough.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to rebuild the Bridge in Bird Street, otherwise Bridge Street, in the City of Lichfield.

[2d May 1815.]

[For 21 Tears, &c. unless 2, 500l. borrowedfooner paid off. See ante,

c. xxvii.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for rebuilding Tempsford Bridge in the County of Bedford.

[2d May 1815.]

[Tolls granted to continue for 21 Tears from Commencement to receive the same, unless Half of Expence of building Bridge and obtaining AR, and Half of Money borrowed with Interefi, and of Annuities to be granted, sooner paid, and on Payment of same or on Expiration of said Term, which shallfirfi happen, Tolls to ccafe.-\

Cap. xxxi.

c hP Se^*' 3' to a^ter an<^ amen^ an Act ^e Forty seventh Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a County Hall and other Offices for the County of Perth.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Mythclm Royd Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, to communicate with the Road at or near the Sixth Mile-stone from Rochdale in the County of Lancaster. (a)

[2d May 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xxxiii.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEO. III.

C. xxxiv — xl.

1161

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stirling to 34 G. 3.0.119. Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, repealed. Dumbarton and Perth. (£) [2d May 1815.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Roy/-9 Ann. Vol. iv. /on, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, and from F* 95 the Town of Huntingdon to Somersham in the County of Hunting- y0j h" V don} so far as respects the Middle Division and separate District of I3 o. i. 0.3a.*the lad J oads.

[2d May 1815.] 14 G. 2. c. 13.

[For Twenty one Tears, £sV. Provided that upon Roads being fuss- 5 C^g

cienlly amended and Money borrowed paid, Tolls, Duties, &c. to repealed so far^a* cease. J respedU the Middle Division and separate Diflritt.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King 8 G.a.c.7. George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 27 G.z- c.37. repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale in the County 6 Gp3'-C'9°kQ Palatine of Lancaster, to Halifax and Ealand', in the West Riding 33 3* C*1

of the County of York. (b) [2d May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Heron Syke to Kirkby in Kendal, and from thence through Shad to Famont Bridge, in the County of Westmorland; and for mating a new Road from the said Road, at a Place called Far Cross Bank, near Kirkby in Kendal, to communicate with the intended Canal from Lancaster to Kirkby in Kendal, and to join the said Road at or near a Place called the Lound, near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid. (a) [2d May 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

26 G. 2. c.52.

19 G. 3. c. 108. repealed, and 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xxii. repealed, except as to such Parts as relate to the widening, &c. Road from Heron Syke to Eamont Bridge.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of n G. 3. c. 73. Two Acts of Kis present Majesty, for amending the Road from 33 G. 3- c*x37» the Bottom of Galley Hill to the Cross in Clanfeld, in the County.*of Oxford. (£) [2d May 1815.].

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to amend several Acts of His present Majesty, for making 33 G 3. c. 112. the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation.

[12th May 1815.] 35 G. 3. c.jt.

49 G. 3. c. xlii.

Cap. xl.

An Act for establishing a Navigable Communication between the Birmingham Canal Navigations, and the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, and amending certain Acts passed relative thereto.

[12th Mayi % 1$; ] c.4. 34G.3.C. 87. 46G.3. c.xcii. 51G.3. c.cv.

s Cap.

8G.3.C.38.

9 G. 3* c. 53

23 G. 3-c9*'

24 G.3. SelT. a. 31 G. 3* c, 59*

C. xli — xlv.

5r GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Cap. xli.

49 G. 3. c. xiin. An Act for enabling' the Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of* Money for the Completion of their Works.

[iath May 1815.]

[15.000l.]

Cap. xlii.

49 G. 3- c. exxii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds in the County of York, and other Purposes; to provide for the Expence of the Prosecution of Felons in certain Cases; and to establish a Police and Nightly Watch in the Town, Borough and Neighbourhood of Leeds aforesaid.

£i2th May 1815.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for paving the Foot Ways and Cross Paths, and lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, in the Borough or Town of jindevor, in the County of Southampton.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Thomas, in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry to provide a proper Place for the depositing and preserving the Public Records of the said County, together with a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the safe Custody of such Records, and convenient Offices for transading his Business; and also to settle a Table of Fees to be taken by such Clerk of the Peace.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Rolls and other Public Records of the

County of Surry are become very voluminous, not only

from the Increase of Business of the Court of Quarter Scifion,

but from the Office of the Clerk of the Peace having become,

under the Provisions of several Acts of Parliament and the Standing Orders of the House of Commons, the Depository of a great

Variety of Public Documents: And Whereas the Confeqaences

of the Destruction of the Public Records of the said County would

expose the County at large, and also Parishes and Individuals, to the greatest Injury, by the Destruction of Evidence affecting their Rights, Interests and Estates: And Whereas at the General'Quarter Session of the Peace holdeo in and for the County of < Surry, the Justices of the Peace th$k and there assembled did

deem it expedient to provide a proper Plaice for depositing and preserving the , Public Recorda oju^«fa^jffounty, tog^rWh

C. xlv.

1163

said County (bould be enabled to Purchase a House or Houses, or Piece or Parcel of Land, and to erect on such Piece or Parcel of*Land a Record Room, and Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the safe Custody of the said Records, together with necessary Offices for transacting the Business of such Clerk of the Peace

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing or this Act, it Juflic?$ of lhalland may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the Peace ?.t Qu*r-said County of Surry, at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, S-ftons may to contra& and agree, or by the Order of such General Quarter pj' c» YorVde-n* Session, to authorize any Three Justices of the Peace to contract ^firing Records and agree with any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, and Houte for for the Purchase of any House or Houses, Piece or Parcel of Land Clerk of Peace, within the said County, and to erect and build thereupon a Record Room, Residence and Offices for the Clerk of the Peace, or to enlarge, alter, lit up and repair any such Building or Buildings, and by the Order of such General Quarter Session to direct the Removal of the Records of the said County to such Building or Buildings, at such time as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Costs and Charg es of such Coutra&s and Purchases, and also of such Erections and Buildings, and of the.enlarging, altering and fitting up thereof respectively, and of any future enlarging, altering or repairing thereof respectively, when the same shall appear to the said Justices from time to time assembled as* aforesaid, to be necessary, shall and may be defrayed out of the Rates to be raised upon the said County.

II. And be it further enacted, That if in any case the Owner or Justices empow-Owners of any Houses, Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds or ered to purchase Hereditaments, Part only of which Premises shall at any time be w.h.ole of required by the said Justices to be applied for the Purposes of this t^rell'pl^t Act, shall be unwilling to fell or dispose of such Part only of the thereof. Houses, Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments belonging to the said

Owner or Owners, as shall be required by the said Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice9 to purchase of and from the said Owner or Owners the Whole of the Houses, Lands,

Grounds or Hereditaments of the said Owner or Owners, and to apply so much or such Part thereof as they shall fee fit to the Purposes of this Act, and to fell the remaining Part of such Premises, and to apply the Produce thereof to the Purposes of this Act, or to nay the same to the Treasurer of the said County, to be added to the Rates thereof, and applied as Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Sales to be Clerk* of Peace made pursuant to the Provisions lastly hereinbefore contained, it shall by order of and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of Justices may fell the said County, pursuant and in Obedience to any Order for that or dcmile* Purpose of the Justices thereof, assembled at any previous General

Quarter Session, by Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by such Clerk of the Peace, to grant, bargain and fell the Hereditaments concerning which such Order shall be made as aforesaid, in Tee as shall be expressed in such Order, and for such Security as shall be therein expressed; and the Receipt of the Treasurer for the time being of the said County shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or

C. xlr.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Clerk of Peace to reside.

Justices may sue and be sued in Name of Clerk of Peace.

Veoviso.

Purchasers of such Hereditaments respectively, from so much of the Purchase Monies payable by him, her or them respectively, pursuant to any such Order of Session, as shall in every such Receipt be acknowledged or expreflea to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Nonapplication, of such Monies, or any Parts thereof respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any House shall be purchased or erected under the Provisions of this Act, as a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall reside in such House, to take care of and preserve the Records of the said County, and to exhibit the same to such Persons as may have occasion to search the same; and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall not absent himself from such Residence for more than Eighty four Days in any one Year, over and above such Days as such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall be attending the Quarter Session of the said County, or shall be otherwise employed in the Execution of his said Office, without a sufficient Cause to be allowed by the said Justices assembled in Quarter Session.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Surry for the time being shall and may sue and be sued in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for or in respect of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done by them or any of them, under the Authority of this Act, or for or in respect of or concerning any Nuisance, Encroachment or Trespass made, done or committed, or hereafter to be had, made, done or committed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in or upon the Houses, Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, to be purchased pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the time being; and in commencing,

prosecuting, carrying on and defending any such Suits or Actions, the said Houses, Buildings and Hereditaments shall be deemed and confidiered in Law to be, and shall be described to be in the Possession of the said Justices for the time being, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no such Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Justices or any of them by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or for any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the time being, done or omitted to be done, without the Consent of the said Justices of the Peace for the time being; but that such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the time being, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in all such Suits or Actions (as the case may be); and that in all and every such Action and Suit, Actions and Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing to pay, or being liable to pay br contribute towards the Public Stock oftherifaid County, or by reason of hia, her or. their being charged 'with wimble to pay any of; the Rates within the> same County r ay a, - '

X)ep&^b*ing 6

C.xlr.

55° GEO. III.

116$

time forthwith, by Order of the said Justices, or the major Part of them in Session assembled, be re-imbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County, out of the Stock and Money to be raised by the Rates of the Fame County, the full Costs, Damages and Expences bona fide expended or incurred for or by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VI. And Whereas the Expences of purchasing. the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Houses, and of building the said Record Room, Residence and Offices pursuant to this Act, may become very burthensome to the Occupiers of Land and other the Gontri-

butors to the Rates of the said County, in case the said Expences

should be raised in the manner hereinbefore mentioned; Be it

therefore enabled. That where it shall appear that the Amount of any Mode of raifinj Estimate approved by the Justices assembled at any general Quarter Money to pay Session, for the purchasing, building and fitting up any House or Buildings, under the Powers of this Act, shall exceed One Half of the Amount of the ordinary Annual Assessment for the County Rate for the said County (such ordinary Assessment to be taken on a mean Proportion of the said Rate for the last three Years preceding), that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, so assembled in their Quarter Session as aforesaid, if they shall think fit, from time to time to borrow and take up on Mortgage of the Rates herein mentioned, by Instruments in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like Effect, any Sums, not less than One hundred Pounds each, at legal or lower Interect, as to them or the major Part of them (such major Part not being less than Five) as shall appear necessary and expedient for the Purposes aforesaid; and to secure all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates to be raised upon the said County; and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorized to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and by their Order to confirm and establish every such Agreement as aforesaid; and every such Agreement so established by such Order, and signed by the Chairman and Two or more Justices present at the time of making such Order, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the Person or Persons so advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same, on such Terms as in and by such Agreement or Agreements respectively shall be for that Purpose stipulated; and Copies or Extracts of all such Agreements or Securities shall be kept with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered (by indorsing his, her or their Name or Names on the Back of such Security or Securities) to transfer and assign the same, and his, her or their Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto any Person or Persons; and every such Assignee may in like manner transfer the same again, and so toties quot'ies; and the Person or Persons to whom such Security or Securities or any such Assignment thereof shall be made, and his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be Creditors apon the said Rates in an equal Degree one with another, and shall

C. xlv.

55* geo. nr.

A.D. 1815.

Accounts of Monies, &c. be kept.

Penalty.

Time for Payment of Money borrowed limited.

Just feet not concerned in Contract*, &c.

not hare any Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies so advanced; subject and without Prejudice nevertheless to any Security or Securities which may have been made or granted of or upon fuen Rates, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament parted previous to the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall and: o they are hereby authorized and required, not only to charge the Rates to be raised upon the said County of Surry, with the Interest of the Money so borrowed on such Securities, but also with the Payment of a further Sum, equal to the Interest of the Principal Sum so charged; which said Sums shall be assessed on the said County in such manner as County Rates are directed to be assessed by the Laws now in being, and paid and applied under the Direction of the said Justices, in DiT-charge of the Interest, and of so many of the Principal Sums on the said Securities, as such Money will extend to discharge in each Year until the whole of the Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said Justices are required to fix One or more Day or Days in each Year on which such Payment shall be made, and shall make Orders for Assessments, in due time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof; and they are hereby required to direct the Treasurer of the Public Stock of the said County, for the time being, to keep an exact and regular Account of the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act, in a Book or Books, separate and apart from all other Accounts, and the same to settle and adjust in such manner, that it may be easily seen what Interest is growing due, and what Principal Money has been discharged and what remains due; and the said Book or Books so adjusted and settled to deliver into Court at every General or Quarter Session to be held for the said County; and the said Justices are required at every such Sessions, carefully to insped all such Accounts, and make Orders for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in such manner as to them shall seem meet; and if at any time it shall appear to the said Justices that the said Treasurer has neglected the said Order, and has not duly and without Delay applied the Money in his Hands, to the Purposes hereby directed, such Treasurer shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money which shall not have been applied to the Purposes of this Act, such Penalties to be added to the Stock or Rates of the said County, and to be sued for by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the time being; and the said Justices so assembled in Session as aforesaid shall direct in what Order such Securities shall be discharged, by drawing Lots or otherwise as they shall think fit, first discharging all Securities which shall bear the highest Interest.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Session shall and they are hereby required to make Provisions by means of the Rates (which they are hereby authorized to make) and by their Orders and Directions (which they are hereby authorized to give) in such manner that the whole Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall be fully paid and discharged within a time to be limited, not ttcc^ding Jon Years from bt^wing&e j*me*

C. xlr.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

1167

Matter or Thing in the Execution hereof, shall be capable of having any beneficial Interest or Concern whatsoever either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person in Trust for him, in any Contract or Agreement to be made under the Authority of this Act, or shall for any Design or Plan he may deliver or produce, receive any Benefit or Emolument whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and For- Recovery of feitures by this Act imposed, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Penalties.

Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record

at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall belong to the said Treasurer of the said County, and shall be added to and be deemed and applied as Part of the Rates or Stock thereof for the Year wherein the same shall be recovered or levied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any A<^10tis* thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or £>uit shall

be brought or commenced within Three Calendar Mouths next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the General HTue. special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and that if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in such case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall Treble Coftj. have such remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law.

XII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Justices of the ' Peace, in their respective Quarter Sessions, have Authority to settle,

alter or vary the Fees of the Clerks of the Peace of their respective 1 Counties, as they are empowered to do with respect to the Fees of the Clerks of Justices of the Peace, by an Act passed in the ' Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 26 G. 2. c. 14.

' the Second, intituled An Act for the settling and ascertaining the 1 Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace f Now, for the removing of such Doubts, be it further enacted, That it shall and Justices of Pence may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said County to settle Table of Surry, at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, to make and jf F*es taken b7 settle a Table of Fees, to be taken by the Clerk of the Peace of the clerkof eace said County for the time being, in the like manner as they are authorized to do with respect to the Fees to be taken by the Clerks to Justices of the Peace; and such Fees, when made, shall be subject to the Approbation of the Justices of the Peace at the then next succeeding Quarter Session, and shall be laid before the Judges of Assize, to be by them ratified and confirmed in the like manner as is

C. xlv — xlvii.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

26 G. i. c. 14.

required by the said Act made in the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, with respect to the Table <?f Fees to be taken by the Clerks to Justices of the Peace; and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act contained, shall be applied and extended to this present Act.

Expences of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining this Act, shall be paid out of the Public Stock of the said County of Surry.

[Public Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE hereinbefore referred to.

FORM of Mortgage anil Charge upon the County Rates, for securing the Money borrowed.

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Session for the County of Surry, holden at

the Day of other of His

Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, and affein-bled in the said Court, in pursuance of the Powers to us given by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [<here insert the Title of this AbT] do hereby, in open Court, mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the said County, under the Description of County Rates by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of which of

hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid, towards defraying the Expences of purchasing, building, &c.

[as the cafeshall be] the

for the said County, &c.; and we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said his Executors,

Administrators and Assigns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of and Interest for the same after

'the Rate of per Centum per Annum; and do order

the Treasurer for the said County to pay the Interest of the said Sum of n Half yearly, as the same shall

become due, until the Principal shall be discharged, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

Cap. xlvi.

An Act to enable The Union Society for effecting Insurance from Fire, and The Union Life OJfice for effecting Insurances on Lives and Survivorfhip8, and for granting and purchasing Annuities, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being.

[12th May 1815.]

55° GEO. III.

C, xlviii — liv.

1169

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surry,8 g. 4. c. 48. through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey 10G. 3. c.84. Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same 39*400.3. County. ('£) Q12th May 1815.] c-cxu. repealed.

[The 200l. per annum, to be paid by Trustees of 42 G. 3. c. lxxvi. to the Trustees of 10 G, 3. c. 84. to be paid to Trustees of this A3.

The 200l. per annum. to be paid by Trustees of 47 G. 3. Sefs. 1. c. xxv. to the Trustees of repealed Acts, to be paid to Trustees of this A3,

DoubleTolls on Sunday.

Cap. xlix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Jesus Lane, in »8 G. a. c. 43. the Town of Cambridge to Newmarket Heath, in the County of 3 3-

Cambridge, (a) [i*th 1815.] "

rc n i* -i " - - repealed as to

ISee 53 <?.3. r.xll.] Riad from Cam-

Cap. 1.

bridge ro Newmarket Heath.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Highgate ioAun.Vol.iv. Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to the Thirteen Mile P- mo.

Stone, near Gannick Corner, in the Parish of South Mims, in the 7 x* s^' x* said County, (a) [12th 1815.] c.39.30.^037.

*8 G.3. c.84 repealed.

Ca/. li.

An Act for amending the Road from Keighley to Bradford, and for 46 G. a. c. 83. making and maintaining a Branch therefrom, all in the West 17 G. 3. c. 73. Riding of the County of York, (3) [12th Max 1815.]«l*l«l* to

Road from

Keighley, through Bingley, to Bradford and 35 G. 3. c. 15 x. wholly repealed.

£*/. 1H-

An Act for continuing and amending Three Act9 for repairing 330.4.0.59. several Roads in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, leading to* G-3- c-86. the Borough of Launceston, (a) [12th May 1815.] 4^G 3- (U. K.)

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.

Caps liii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for 33 G 3.0.133. opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyfon, in the Parish of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of TJlradyvoduck near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan. (r) [12th May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Extra Toll on Waggons, &c. carrying Timber between Ift Nov, and ijl March. Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. liv.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, 33 G.3. c. 131. or repairing the Roads from Uttoxeter to Stoke near Stone, and from Millwich to Sand on, in the County of Stafford, (b)

[12th May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.

55 Geo. III. 4 F CaP\.

le«

C.lv — lx.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

1170

53 G. 3. c. cxvii

29 G. 3. c. 96. repealed, except as relates to repealing Acts thereby repealed.

Proviso for 14 G. 3. c. 116. as relates to lighting. Sic. Stoke Newington which by the said Act is enacted to

Cap. Ir.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Derwent at East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of York to the Town of K'tngston upon Hull, at a certain Place there called Street Bridge, in the Township of Pocilington, in the said Riding.

[25th May 1815.]

The Pocilington Canal Company" incorporated. 32, 000l. and if necessary 10, 000l. additional

Cap. Ivi.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a New Gaol for the County and City of Perth; and for other rurposes relating thereto.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for enlarging the Churchyard and providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Helen in Abingdon, in the County of Berts, [25th May 1815.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for paving or grayelling, watching and lighting certain Places situate on the West Side of the Turnpike Road in Kentish Town, in the Parish of Saint Paneras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. lix.

An Act to repeal an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shore-ditch, to the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield; and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly flood to the Market Place in Enfield; and from Newington Green to Bush Hill; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; and to provide for more effectually repairing the said Roads, and for lighting, watching and watering several Parts thereof, (a)

[25th May 1815.]

be perpetual, and is declared by this Act not to be repealed.

39 fc 40 G. 3. c. lxi. repealed as to Koads from Halit borough Bridge, through Crewk-berne and Chard, through Stoney JLane to Axmin. Her; and frofa Chard to Ho-

Cap. lx.

An Act for repealing an Act of His present Majesty, for the Repair of several Roads in the Counties of Somerset, Devon and Dorset, leading to the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset; and for making and repairing a Road from Chard to the Honiton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of XJpottery, in the County of Devon, and for more effectually repairing the Residue of the Roads com* prized in the fuid Act. (b) P l'1

£0<*

A.D. 1815.

55° GEO* III.

C. lxi — lxiv.

Cap. lxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into and through the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and several Roads communicating the rewith. (a) [25th May 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Timber, £9*c. between \Jl Nov. and 30th March.

One Half more Tolls on Sundays.]

Cap. Ixii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Fi/herton, Wilton, Heytesbury> and other Places in the County of Wilts; and for diverting the Line of Part of the said Roads, (b)

[25th May 1815.] [Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, and certain Roads therein mentioned; and to make and maintain other Roads to communicate therewith. (r) [25th May 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for making further Provision for the Secretary and Usher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out 4 a further Sum of the Suitors* Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expenses of the Office

of the Accountant General; and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lu- 4 natics; and for building Repffilories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and of the several

Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been,

by virtue of the several Orders of the said Court made for that

Purpose, taken out of the Common and General Calli belonging to

the Suitors of the said Court which lay dead and unemployed in

the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the

Accountant General of the said Court on Government or Par-

liamentary Securities, have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

carried to an Account, entitled u An Account of Monies placed

u jout for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the

" High Court of Chancery, " and out 01 the Dividends and In-

4 F 2*terest

1171

22 G. 2. C. 26. 13 G.3. c. 96. 31 G. 3. c. 114. repealed.

iG. 3.C.37.

2 G. 3. c. 51.

20 G. 3.0. 8a. 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. xiii.

34 G. 3- c. HO.

32 G.3. c. 4».

1172

C. Ixiv.

55° GEO. in.

A.D. 1815.

46 G. 3. c. 128.

46 G.3. c.129.

49 G. 3- c. lxix.

4 terest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several ' Acts of Parliament, the several annual Sums and Salaries and the ' several other Payments thereby directed to be made by Two several

Acts of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ' one of them intituled An Act for making Provision for such ' Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age

or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Ap

probation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the

Masters in Ordinary of the said Court; and the other of such ' Acts, intituled An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present

Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court

of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office 1 with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respeS of the said

Office i and by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Provision for such.of the Sub f Registrars or Deputy Regtjlrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be affliSed with permanent Disabilily, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office $ and for

making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars, for the Clerks in the Registrar's Office, for the Master of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court; and for making other Payments and Regulations

50 G. 3. c.clxiv. < in respeS of the said Offices; and by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Curfttors, Clerk of The Crown,

1 and Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court; and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from Length of Service or from Age or Infrmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Courr; and for making other Payments in respeS of the said Offices t have been from time to time made and paid, and the Surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securitie8 beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the

Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Pro-

duce, have been from time to tiia£ in pursuance of the said first < and last mentioned AAs laid out in the Purchase of Government

or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of the Accountant Ge- neral of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account,

4 entitled " Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest ' " arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed ' u out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the 4 " High Court of ChanceryAnd Whereas by the said last mentioned Act, it was, among other things, enacted, that out of the Cacti belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery,

4 which then lay or which should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds should and might, by vutoe of an Order or*Orders of the said Court to be made for-jto.Punmfe, from time

50 G. 3. c. clxiv. ir.

C. Ixiv.

I!73

A.D. 1815.

55° GEO. III.

such Government and Parliamentary Securities as in and by such

Orders should be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and

Annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out might

be applied for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned, and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities when pur-

chafed should be carried to the said Account, entitled " Account

44 of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the 4 44 Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas under

and by virtue of another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 3- c.i<.

4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice, after malting certain Provisions for an addi-

tional Judge to be Assistant to the Lord High Chancellor in the

said Court of Chancery, to be called the Vice Chancellor of England, and certain Rules and Regulations respecting the said Office,

4 it was, amongst other things, further enacted, That out of the Caffi § 8.

4 belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or which should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a further Sum not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds should and might by virtue of any further Order or Orders

of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, be in like manner placed out on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Orders should be directed, and the Interest and annual Produce thereof applied for the Purposes by the said Act directed,

and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities, when purchased, should be carried to the said Account, en-

4 titled Account of Monies placed out for the BeneSt and better 5 8.

44 Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and it was thereby further enacted, that out of the Dividends and Interest thereof, and of the other Government or Parliamentary Securities in the said Act mentioned, there should (amongst other Payments thereby directed) be paid the several Salaries thereinafter mentioned; that is to say, to the Secretary to the said Vice Chancellor of England, the Net yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

and to the TJftier to the said Vice Chancellor the Net yearly Sum of Eighty Pounds; and that such Officers respectively should not take or receive or demand any Fee or Reward whatsoever, over and above the Salaries thereby directed to be paid to them respectively,

4 for or in respect of any Business which should be done by them by virtue of the Powers and Authorities given to them by the said Act:

4 And Whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twelfth 12 G. a. c. 24, Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

4 intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to I it

4 upon proper Securities any Monies not exceeding a Sum t n 4 limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arifng therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court;

and by another Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and for applying the Interejt arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the

4* 3

4 said

m?4

9 0.3. c.xj.

C. lxiv.

55° GEO. III.

A.D. 181

32; G. 3. c.42. 46 O. 3. c.129

Order* of Com of Chancery.

5 G.3. c. liv.

/aid Court; and by another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to say out upon Government Securitier a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court; and by the above mentioned Aftj of the Thirty second and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the several Orders of the High Court of Chancery made in pursuance of the said several A6te, the present Clerks in the Office of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery have and receive out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, entitled " Account of Monies placed out for the " Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of " Chancery, " and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Govern ment or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, entitled " Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest«arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed M out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " the several Payments and Sums hereinafter mentioned; namely, the First Clerk the yearly Sum of Five hundred Pounds; the Second Clerk the yearly Sum of Four

hundred Pounds; the Third Clerk the yearly Sum of Four

hundred Pounds; the Fourth Clerk the yearly Sum of Four

hundred Pounds; the-Fifth Clerk the yearly Sum of Three hundred

Pounds; the Sixth Clerk the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; the Seventh Clerk the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; the Eighth Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds; the Ninth Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds} the Tenth Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds; and the Eleventh Clerk the yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds: And Whereas under and by virtue of another Act, passed iti the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Provision for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being* by any Order or Orders of the High ^ourt of Chancery, to be made from time to time on a Petition >resented to him or them for that Ptirpose by the Accountant General, or any of the Clerks in his said Office, to order such an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money to be paid to any Clerk who should have acted in the Capacity of Clerk in the fad Office for Thirty Years, or who, having acted in the Capacity of Clerk for the Space of Fifteen Years, mould be rendered incapable of perforating the Duties of a Clerk in the said Office through permanent ttinds or Infirmity, as the said Lori High Chancellor, Lord loot'd* Commissioners fhouWWnA fit and fefc l frph Gferkott

C.lxiv.

55° GEO. III

117S

9 and Dividends arising from Securities purchased or to be purchased

in pursuance of the said several Acts, or any of them; in which

Order or Orders the Cause or Ground of making the same should

be distinctly stated and specified, and the Annuity or yearly Sum 1 mentioned in such Order or Orders should be paid by the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Interest and

Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities (but

subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and

other Sums of Money which by the several Acts thereinbefore

mentioned or referred to, or any other Act theretofore made and ' passed, are directed and authorized to be paid thereout) Quarterly,

as therein mentioned, to the Clerk named in such Order, for and

during the Term of his natural Life: And Whereas the Business

of the said Office of the Accountant General of the said Court ' of Chancery hath of late Years greatly increased, and is Hill in-9 creasing, and the present Establishment of Clerks in the said Office

is inadequate to transact the Business thereof with such Accuracy ' and Dispatch as is necessary for the Public Service; and many of

the Clerks in the said Office have been very many Years employed

therein, and their present Salaries are not a sufficient Compensation9for their Length of Service, considering the Nature and Importance

of it, and the Attendance, Qualifications and Responsibility ne-

cessary to enable them to fulfil the Duties of it with Advantage to ' the Public: And Whereas the Salaries so as aforesaid provided to ' the Secretary and Usher to the said Vice Chancellor of England9are not an adequate Compensation to Persons properly qualified to9fulfil the Duties of the said Offices, and for their Attendance and

Trouble therein; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Interest and Dividends arising from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said

Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present 3*G- 3* Majesty, and the several other Acts therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and carried to the said Account entitled 99 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security 99 of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and also out of the Interest and Dividends of Securities purchased and to be purchased with the Surplus Interest in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, or in pursuance of this Act, and carried to the said Account, entitled 99 Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest 99 arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out 99 for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High 99 Court of Chancery, " there shall be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed are directed or authorized to be paid thereout), by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, such additional yearly Sums or Salaries to be from time to time paid Quarterly free of Taxes to Additional the Secretary and Usher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and to s* , et* the First Ten Clerks of the said Accountant General for the time

4^4

being.

C.lxiv.

55aGE O. III.

A.D. 1815.

being, as hereinafter mentioned; videlicet, to the Secretary to the said Vice Chancellor of England Three hundred Pounds; to the Usher to the said Vice Chancellor One hundred and twenty Pounds; and to the First Clerk of the said Accountant General One hundred Pounds; to the Second Clerk One hundred Pounds; to the Third Clerk One hundred Pounds; to the Fourth Clerk One hundred Pounds; to the Fifth Clerk Eighty Pounds; to the Sixth Clerk Sixty Pounds; to the Seventh Clerk Forty Pounds; to the Eighth Clerk Seventy Pounds; to the Ninth Clerk Sixty Pounds; and to the Tenth Clerk Thirty Pounds; the First Quarterly Payment thereof to commence and be computed from the Twenty ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And also such several yearly Sums or Salaries as are hereinafter mentioned, to be from time to time paid Quarterly free of Taxes to Four additional Clerks for the time being; namely, a Twelfth, Thirteenth, Four, teenth and Fifteenth Clerk to be appointed; that is to say, to the Twelfth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds; to the Thirteenth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds; to the Fourteenth Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds; and to the Fifteenth Clerk one hundred and eighty Pounds: And also like yearly Sums or Salaries of One hundred and eighty Pounds each to Three more additional Clerks in the said Office, in case it shall at any time hereafter appear necessary to the said Court of Chancery to appoint such Three additional Clerks or either of them, in pursuance of the Clause for that Purpose hereinafter contained; the First Quarterly Payment to such additional Clerks respectively to commence from the Day of the Date of their respective Appointments; and also any further Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in any One Year in Addition to the Provision already made by the before recited Acts for that Purpose to the Accountant General of the said Court for the time being, to defray the additional Expences of Stationery, Coals, Candles and other necessary Expences of the said Office.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Clerks appointed an(j for the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord to Accountant Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain

for the time being, upon the Requisition of the Accountant General for the time being for that Purpose, and upon its being made appear to the Court that additional Assistance is necessary in the said Office for transading the said Business of the Suitors of the said Court, to appoint not exceeding Three more Persons to be Clerks in the said Office, who shall have and be entitled to the yearly Salaries of One hundred and eighty Pounds each, hereby provided for the additional Clerks in the niid Office; to be paid and payable out of the same Funds and in the same manner as is directed and provided by the Clause last hereinbefore contained.

Clerks removed. III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any present or future Clerk in the said Office from being removed or displaced therefrom at any time, in such manner and by such Authority at Clarks in the said Office can* now be removed or

the Inter# and

Salaries to Four adiirimal Clerks in Accountant General's Office.

Further additional Clerks.

Further Sum to

Accountant

General

Three more

n77

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III. C.lxiv, lxv.

procuring and passing this Act, and the Coils, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Surplus Money Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be Placed oul to placed out on Securities pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament securities!"1 hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what

shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts, shall from

time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities,

and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pur-

fuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of 3*G*3* c*4*

His present Majesty, entitled " Account of Monies placed out for*x*

" the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court " of Chancery; " and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call iu any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for S«urit: es the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or c lanS€(1,

Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court

of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to or pursuant to this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Money called That for and not with (landing any of the Provisions contained in this in when wanted Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money to fuPPl7 Replaced out puvfuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any malKlsof Suitors, of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be

wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in such case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the same, and the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned, shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the Common and General Cash belonging to such Suitors.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing pr0vif, for Re. in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any form of Office*. Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by

any Person or Persons having Authority to reform or abolish the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Sheffield to Tinjley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[7th June 1815.]

[" The Company of Proprietors of the Sheffield Canal" incorporated

80, 000l. and if necessary 20, 000l. additional.

Cap.

C. lxvi, lxvii.

55° GEO. m.

A.D. 1815,

Cap. lxvi.

31 g. 3, c.59. ^or enabhng the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester

38 G.3. c.xx'xi. and Birmingham Canal Navigation, to complete and extend their 44G.3.C xxxv. Works, and for better supplying the said Canal with Water; and 48 G. 3. c. xlix. also for vesting in Trustees for the said Company of Proprietors, His Majesty's Right and Interest in certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of King's Norton and Northfeld, in the County of Worcester, forfeited to The Crown.

[7th June 1815.]

[90, 000l. additional.']

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses to ered Light Houses on the Illes of Many and Calf oj Man.

[7th June 1815.]

a6 G.3. c. ici.*WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of x*the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

1 ereBing certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, Commissioners were named for putting the said Act into Execution, and for erecting Four Light Houses in the Northern

§7-

§ 10. S 16.

*8 G. 3. c. 45.

§ x.

S3. h 2.

29 G. 3. c. s2.*Pa]

§ 1.

§4.

38 G. 3. c. Ivii.

Parts of Great Britain; and certain Duties were thereby granted

for answering the Expences of making and maintaining the Works

by the said Act authorized to be made; and the Commissioners

were empowered to borrow Money on the Credit of the Duties j

and if any Surplus should remain, after the necessary Expenditure

to be incurred in carrying the said Act into Execution, the same

was directed once in every Year, to be veiled in some one or other ' of the Public Funds, until the yearly Interest of the same Should

amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attending the said

Light Houses, when such Duties were ipso faBo to cease, deter-

mine and be no longer payable: And Whereas by another Act]

passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in 1 the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 1 AB for ereBing certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of 1 Great Britain, the said Commissioners were authorized to levy

certain additional Duties; to borrow a further Sum of Money; and to commence levying the Duties as soon as Two of the said Light Houses Should be lighted: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for ereBing certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great

Britain, the said Commissioners were authorized to ered Two (a)

' additional Light Houses; and were likewise empowered to cause

such other Light Houses to be erected, as they Should deem necessary, whenever the Produce of the Duties mould enable them

so to do: And Whereas by another

> Wvtdi of^gG

.^convetuifetl

passed^in the Thirty

C. Ixvii.

55° GEO. m.

4 eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for ereSing certain

Light Houset in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commissioners were incorporated for the better carrying the said several

Acts into Execution, and made One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Commissioners of the Northern Light HousesAnd Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereSing a Light House on The Bell or Cape Rock on the Eastern Co act of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain towards that Purpofty Authority was given to the said Commissioners to ered the said Light House, and to levy certain additional Rates and Duties for the Support of the same: 4 And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power was given to the said Commissioners to purchase the Island and Light of May in the Frith of Forth; and instead of a Coal Light, to exhibit and maintain on the said Island an Oil Light or other improved Light; and also to ered and maintain fuen additional Light House upon such other Parts of the Coasts and Islands of Scotland as they should deem necessary: And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Security of Navigation, and be of great Benefit to the Public, if Powers were given to the said Commissioners to ered and maintain certain Light Houses upon the Isles of Man and Calf of Man; but as these Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner3 of the Northern Light Houses, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree with the Owners and other Persons interested, and to purchase and hold to them and their Successors and Assigns, the Lands and Hereditaments necessary for eroding the Light Houses and other Buildings and Conveniences hereinafter mentioned, in such Situations as they shall deem most expedient, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Penalties or Disabilitres; and thereupon to ered and maintain One Light House on the Isle of Calf of Man, and another Light House on the Nlc of Man, with such other Buildings and Conveniences at each of such Light Houses as to them shall appear necessary 5 and in such Light Houses to maintain and exhibit such Lights distinguishable from the other Lights on the adjacent Coasts, as shall from time to time to the said Commissioners appear to be proper and necessary.

II. And, to enable the said Commissioners to defray the Expence of making the said Purchases, of erecting the said Light Houses and other Buildings, and maintaining proper Lights in the said Light Houses, be it enacted, That so (bon as the said Light Houses shall be erected, and Lights shall be exhibited therein, it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive and take from all and

every

"79

51-

46 G. 3. c. 13a

§r.

54 G.3. c. 136.

§1.

$*

Commissioners to treat for Ground, 8cc. and erect Light Houi'es.

Duties to be collected.

C.lxviu

SS° GEO. III.

A.D. 1815,

Exemption from Duties.

Power to borrow Money.

Application of Money.

Powers of former Act extended to Ad.

every the Matters and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, navigated according to Law, which shall fail to or from any Port or Place in Saint George*s Channel between the Head Lands of Holyhead and Howlk-bead both inclusive on the South, and Port Patrick and Donaghadee both inciufive on the North, or which shall fail to or from any Port or Place in the Frith of Solway, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be loaded or in ballatt, or Outward or Homeward bound, or on a'Foreign Voyage, or failing Coastwise, and from the Matter or Owner of every Ship or decked Vessel, failing within the aforesaid Limits (excepting as hereinafter excepted), a Sum not exceeding One Farthing for every Ton of such Ship or Vessel, and for every Foreign Ship or decked Vessel failing as aforesaid (excepting as hereinafter excepted), a Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny for every Ton of such Ship or Vessel.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to charge with the Duties hereby granted, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Duties granted for the Support of the Light Houses under the Charge of the Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses, by any of the Acts, hereinbefore recited, or any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Revenue, or of His Majesty's Postmasters General in Great Britain or Ireland, or any Ship or Vessel by any of the before recited Acts exempted from the Duties thereby granted.

IV. And be it enacted, That in addition to and over and above the Sums of Money which the said Commissioners are by the said recited Acts authorized to borrow on the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, it shall and may be lawful to and in the Power of the said Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interect, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts and by this Act granted, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Purpose of erecting the foresaid Two Light Houses, and for defraying the Expences of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall apply the Produce of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, in making the Purchases aforesaid, in erecting and maintaining the said Light Houses and other Buildings, exhibiting proper Lights therein, in paying the Expences of preparing and passing this Act, and in repaying the Money to be borrowed, and Interest thereof 5 and the Surplus or Residue of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, which shall remain after answering the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall once in every Year be vetted in some one or other of the Public Funds; and the same, together with the Interest thereof shall be allowed to accumulate until the Yearly Interest shall amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attending the Light Houses under their Charge when the whole Ratea and Duties by the said redtedAfts apd by this Atft^ranted shall cease and determine.

VJU rAficf be it enacted, That, the said '<3dflimissioners fcall htve

C. Ixvii — lxxiv.

1181

pounding for the same, for maintaining and supporting the Light Houses by this Act authorized to be erected, and maintaining the Lights therein, and for the Appointment and Removal of Collectors, Keepers and other Officers, as are contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them.

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and Public Places within Part of the Precinct of Saint Katherine, in the County of Middlesex.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for establishing a Church or Chapel in Toxteth Pari, in the Parish of Walton on the Hilly in the County of Lancaster.

[7th June 1815.] [The Church of Saint Michaely Toxteth.

Cap. Ixxi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for widening, altering and rebuilding Qufe Bridget in the City of York; and for widening certain Streets and making other Improvements in the said City.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River of Rofty at the Town of New Rofty in the County of Wexford.

[7th June 1815.]

[Tolls increased.3

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Paisley and County of Renfrewv.

[7th June 1815.]

[See 46 G. 3. r.cxvi.3

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Womborne to Princes Endy and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penny and thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge9 and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford. (V)

[7th June 1815.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ccafcy new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.-\

Cap.

Public

54 G. 3. c.ccxx.

49 G. 3. c.cxxvi. 5° G. 3. c.lxxxvi.

35 G. 3. (I.) c. 48.

33 G. 3. c. 167.

C.lxxv — Ixxxii.

55°omm,

A.D. 1815.

43 G. 3* c. cxxzii.

*3 & 14 G. 3. (I.) c. 60.

15 & 16 G. 3.

Wa

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, to the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Old Stratford, and to be continued from the same Turnpike Road at the Town of Stony Stratford, to the Town of Newport Pagnail, in the County of Bucks. (k)

[7th June 1815.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Southwark to Deptford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for lighting, watching and cleansing certain Parts thereof, and other Places in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surry.

[7th June 1815.]

[This Act relates only to the lighting, &c. as in the Title, and a Rate not exceeding Eighteen pence in the Pound is granted on Houset, and not exceeding Six pence on Land being Meadow, fsV.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for amending the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the County of Louth. (b)

[7th June 1815.]

[Tolls of first mentioned AB to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday between Sunrise and Sunset.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for establishing and well-governing the Charitable Institution

of Soldiers, Sailors and Marines, Natives of Scotland, and of indigent Scotch Parents, resident in London, not entitled to Parochial Relief.

[14th June 1815.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for defraying the Expence incurred in rebuilding the Parish Church of Hanworth, in the County of Middlesex.

[14th June 1815.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[14th June

[Saint James.]

Cap. Ixxxi.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Management and Direction (K)c. '3' of the Meath Hospital, or County of Dublin Infirmary, and for

16G.3. regulating the same.

[74th June 1815.]

(h) C.

Cap. lxxxii.

°, 3. t, aL 4foA& to expjajp and amend i

55° GEO. III.

C. lxxxiii — -lxxxix.

1183

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money to 34 g. 3. c. 39. complete the Montgomeryshire Canal, and to extend the Power of deviating from and making certain Alterations in Part of the original Plan; and for explaining and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[40, 000l.] [22d June 1815.]

[ Former Rates repealed, new Rates granted.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to alter and amend Two Ada made in the Thirty second 3* G. 3. c. 74. and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Support 37 G. 3. c. 8f. and Maintenance of Ramsgate Harbour, in the County of Kent,

[22d June 1815.]

[Additional Rates.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for providing a Market for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

[32d June 1815.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for embanking and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bening-ton, in the County of Lincoln.

[22d June 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, f 18. 20. 23.

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in and leading 13 G. 1. c. 16. through and from the Town of War minder, in the County of 16G. a. c. 5.

Wills.(a) [22d 181J.]

[Regulations as to Market and Fair Days; and paving, &c. the repealed. Footways in Warminster. Compensation to Trustees of this Act from Trustees of Froome Road under 50 G. 3. c. lxii. Compensation to Trustees of this Act from Trustees of Warminster and Froome Road under 52 G. 3. c. lvi.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act to rectify a Mistake (a) in an Act of this Session of Parlia- Ante, c xvl ment, for continuing and amending several Acts for repairing the Road from Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turn-pike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

[22d June 1815.]

{a) [As to the Tolls.-]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His 4* G.3. c. ci. present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads com- 44G.3.c.xxxvii. municating with the West and East India Docks, and for repair- 3- c. exxv.

ing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a^G' 3'^cx^"' new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Tilbury Fort, in the Counties or Middlesex and Eftex; and also for making a new Branch of Road from King David Lane Shadwell, to the Essex Road at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex. (J) [22d June 1815.]

Cap.

C.xc — xci.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Cap. xc.

33 O. 3. c. 145. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rockford, and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Halting-bury to Hockerill, in the County of Hertford. (b)

[22d June 1815.]

Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

5 & 6 W. & M. c. 10.

21 O. a. c. 29.

7 G.3. c.37.

Cap. xci.

An Act for enlarging and improving the West End of Cheapfde, in the City of London, also Saint Martin le Grand, Aldersgate Street, Anne's Lane and Foster Lane, and for providing a Site for a new Post Office between Saint Martins le Grand and Foster Lane aforesaid.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS the widening and enlarging Part of Aldersgate Street, in the City of London, the Street called Saint Martin le Grand, partly in the said City and partly within the Liberty ' of Westminster, and the West End of Cheapfde in the said City,

would be the means of opening a more easy Communication between the Great Northern Roads and the Principal Streets and Avenues of the City of London, and would be of great Utility and Convenience to the Public: And Whereas it is desirable that Foster Lane and Saint Anne's Lane, in the said City of London, should be widened and improved: And Whereas the Post Office

in Lombard Street in the said City of London is inconvenient and

inadequate for the Purposes thereof, and it is expedient that a new Post Office should be erected in a more open Situation, and upon an enlarged Plan, and that a suitable Piece of Ground should be provided for that Purpose: And Whereas the Fund, called The ' Orphans' Fund, was established by an Act, passed in the Fifth and

Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, in-

tituled An Act for the Relief of the Orphans and others Creditors of the City of London: And Whereas the Receipts and Disburse-

ments of the said Fund are under the Management and Direction of

the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London: And ' Whereas by Three Acts passed, One in the Twenty first Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: another, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars in the City of London, to the oppofttc Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge and on London Bridge for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the feud 'City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the

Worth Side tfvthefaid River, within eiti&tLimitt: wed fid for-> 4htr tentinuimt towards theft Pu*t#fa &*fmt#fyie&

C.xci.

1185

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; 4 and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and the other, in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans* Fund certain Sums of Money for those Purposes, and also for enlarging the Powers of the faitl Acts; the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have been continued and augmented, and the whole of the Rates and Charges applicable thereto since the time of passing the said A A of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are continued until the Fifth Day of July which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven; 4 but the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum, by the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty first Year of His said late Majesty King George the Second, charged upon or made payable out. of the Revenues of the said City of London, and certain other of the Rates and Charges applicable to the said Fund in the same A As 4 mentioned, are thereby continued until all the Principal Monies charged upon the said Fund, with Interest for the same, shall be paid off and annihilated: And Whereas the Income of the said Fund has been from time to time applied according to the Directions of the several A As of Parliament relating thereto, and thereby the Capital Debt due to the Orphans of the said City of London was, on the Fifth Day of January last, reduced to the Sum of One hundred and sixty two thousand three hundred Pounds; and the Capital Debt due to the other Creditors of the City of London,

and charged upon the said Fund before the passing of this A A,

4 was on the said Fifth Day of January last, reduced to the Sum of Six hundred and forty six thousand four hundred Pounds, and it is probable that the whole of the said Debt, due to the said Orphans, will be paid off and discharged by the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and the whole of the said Capital Debt by the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty four, if no further Charge or Incumbrance be made on the said Fund: And Whereas the Income of the said Fund affords a reasonable Probability that the Surplusses thereof will be sufficient to pay off, by or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven, not only the whole of the Capital Debts and Sums of Money now charged on the said Fund,

4 but also the further Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, with Interest thereon, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum,

4 computed from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, when it is computed that the whole of the said Capital Debt, due to the said Orphans of the City of London, will be paid off and discharged as aforesaid, which may be applied in Repayment of Part of the Costs and Expences of making the Improvements, and obtaining the Ground hereinbefore mentioned; but as the Improvements, and Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by 55 Geo. UI.G The

44 C. 3.c.uvii,

C.xci.

$5* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Corporation to enlarge Alderf-#»te Struct, &c.

Corporation to nuke Site lor new Foil Office.'

The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered to open and make a spacious and convenient Communication from the Great Northern Roads through AlderfgaU Street into Cheapside in the said City, by altering, widening and improving Aldersgate Street aforesaid, from the South Side of the Church of Saint Botolph to Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, and also Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, and enlarging, altering and improving the West End of Cheapside aforesaid; and also to alter, widen and improve Fofler Lane and Saint Anne's Lane aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered to make a convenient Site for a new Post Office, by taking down and laying open all the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, between Cheapside aforesaid and Newgate Street in the said City on the South, Saint Anne's Lane aforesaid on the North, Foster Lane aforesaid on the East, and Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid on the West.

III. And Whereas a Map or Plan describing the Lines of the said Streets and Places, and the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Streets and Ways, through and upon«which the proposed Alterations and Improvements are to be made

or carried by virtue of this Act, which is referred to by the Sche- dule to this Act annexed, has been made for the Purpose of being

deposited for Public Inspection Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be Two Parts of the said Map or Plan, each of which shall be authenticated by the Signature of the Right Honourable the

Map or Flan, gp^e, . Gf the House of Commons, and severally deposited. One Town*Clerk's with t^ie Town Clerk of the City of London, and the other at the

Offics and Ge- General Post Office in the said City, within Three Calendar Months neral Polt Office, from the passing of this Act, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable times have Liberty to inspect the same at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection j and that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in improving the said Streets or Ways, shall not deviate from the Lines described in the said Map or Plan.

J.and and Pre- IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be miles marked in lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Com-h ft a nd! 'e r mon Council assembled, to make the said proposed Alterations and raw in SchtdulV. ImProvements» and the said Site, into, through, across, over or upon*the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, over which the lame is or are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of the Owners or Occupiers thereof may happen to be omitted or mif-stated in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Aldermen of the said City of London, hid be certified, by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake. -.-

V- And be it farther enacted, Thatffofc the Puroofes afaefaft it tafl^awfalftr^ke &d Lord fdky«myAJdOTneA w&GvmXjfr "

1

Street*, kc. made according

Corporation, their Surveyor*,

C.xci.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEO. III.

Common Council assembled, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, Officers and Workmen, from time to time, at all reasonable times in the Day, to enter into and upon the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, comprised in and described in the said Map or Plan and Schedule, or any of them, in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think necessary and proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punishment, on account of entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for the Damages that mail be thereby occasioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to treat and agree for the Purchase of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments described or comprised in the said Map or Plan and Schedule, and of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Estates and Interests therein, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall not within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act, agree for or cause to be valued as hereinafter is mentioned, the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Parts thereof respectively, which they are hereby empowered to purchase as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth the Powers hereby granted to them for such Purpose, shall cease, determine and be utterly void; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrator3, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Ctftuique Trusts or Wards, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seized, possessed of or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or any other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Persons or Person whomsoever, who are, is or shall be seized or possessed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments described or comprised in the said Map or Plan, and Schedule which, or Part of which, by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall be thought proper to be purchased, to contract for, sell and convey the same, and every or any Part thereof, to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargain^, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances, Acts and Deed$, which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Per-

4. G 2 son

11V7

&c. may enter upon HoulVs, &c.

Common Council to purchase and pull «lo\vn Houses, &c.

Purchasing limited to Five V ears.

Bodies Politic, Ike. to sell and convey, tee.

C, xci.

I'rtS

J5*GEO.III. A.D. 1815.

son or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever so contrafting or conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respectof any such Sale which he, she, they or any of them, shall respectively make, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

Not compellable IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any' Eita^e if willing Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Truf-

t.VfcH the whole. tee8> or other Person or Persons, shall be applied to by or on behalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey any Part or Parts of any House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, and shall by Nptice in Writing, to be left at the Comptroller's Office in the Guildhall of the said City within Thirty Days after such Application, signify his, her or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of and convey the whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, and it shall happen that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, then and in every such case nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to compel the several Persons interested therein to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey, or to authorise the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to take or use Part only, or less than the whole of such House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Satisfaction X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies

made, and ac- Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, and other cepted. person or Persons hereinbefore capacitated to contract for, fell and

convey any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Owners of any such Houses, Buildings, Lauds, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, may accept and receive such Satisfaction or Recompence for the Value thereof, and such Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons, Owner or Owners, and also any Tenant or Tenants for a Year, or from Year to Year, or at Will, or other Occupier or Occupiers of any such Premises may accept and receive such Compensation for such Goodwill or Improvements as shall be loll, and for such Injury or Damage as shall be sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, or in any wise relating thereto, as shall be agreed upon between them respectively, and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled } and in case the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and the said Parties interested in such Houses, Buildings,

1

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III. C.xci.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons seized or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein as aforesaid, or any Occupier or Occupiers thereof, sustaining such Lo.fs, Injury or Damage as aforesaid, for and on his, her or their Part or Parts, or for or on the Part of his, her or their Cejluique Trusts or Wards, or of any other incapacitated Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse to accept such Purchase Money, Satisfaction, Recompence or other Compensation as shall be offered by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorized by them on their behalf; or if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons seized or possessed of, or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall, (upon Notice in Writing given to the Principal Officer or Officers of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affixed upon the same Premises, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice) neglect or refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability, cannot agree with the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or their respective Shares, Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such case the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the Outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, shall, and the said Court are hereby empowered from time to time to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriffs of the City of London, com-.manding such Sheriffs to impannel, summon and return a Jury; and such Sheriffs are and each of them is hereby authorized and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return Forty eight substantial and indifferent Persons qualified to serve on Juries; and the Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid is hereby required to come and appear before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, at such time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and to attend the said Court from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court 5 and out of which such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Court appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are directed to be drawn; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the time and Place appointed as aforesaid, fbme Person to be by^Cl j the

iVs,

Parties refuting to accept batia-art ion, or to treat, or cannot be found, \c. Court of Mayor and Aldermen to' issue Precept for impannolling Jury.

C.xci.

IT90

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

the said Court appointed, shall return other substantial, honest and indifferent Men of the Bystanders, or of others who can be speedily procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make ury c a enge.Up the fai<j jury to the dumber of Twelve, and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time as Occasion shall require, by Precept or Precepts, to summon and call before them all and every or any Persons and Person whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on nis, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, if they think fit, shall and may on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places and Premises in Question, in such manner as they shall direct, and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until all such Affairs, for which they were summoned, shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths ( which Oaths as well as the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall esquire of, assess and ascertain, and give a Verdi ft for the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of, or a Satisfaction or Recompence for either the Entirety of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts shall bedirested, and the Compensation which shall be to be made in respect of Goodwill, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever, to be loft or sustained as aforesaid, to any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts shall be directed (the same respectively to be estimated by the said Jury in as just and liberal a manner as if the Improvements authorized by this Act had never been in Contemplation), and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall give Judgment for such Purchase Money, Satisfaction, Recompence Verrfift of or Compensation so to be assessed; which said Verdict or Verdicts, Jury final. and the said Judgment and Judgments thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Persons whomsoever, provided Previous Notice that Fourteen Days* Notice in Writing at the least, of the Hour or being given to Time and Place at whic|| such Jury are so required to be returned ^arties intere - meet>^jven to tj, e Principal Officer or Officers of the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to he, by leaving such Notice at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or with forae Tenant or, Oc^pitrnjilqlne of the-Tsjd Houses, Building*, Lands, Tepen^sofcf upon the fajqet(3nd tfce said V and* ' '

C. xcU

A.D. 181 J.

55° GEO. III,

1191

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Coukt of Mayor and VerdiA of V*lus Aldermen, and Juries, shall award all Determinations, Judgments and ^La, d* a"d VerdiAs, which they shall make and give in the Execution of the tained?^peA- Powers hereby vested in them concerning the Value of Houses, ively. Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Share or

Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, separately and distinAly from the Consideration of any other Loss or Damages to be sustained by any Person or Perfotis in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguisti the Value set upon the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Here* ditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interestor Interests therein, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Loss or Damages as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Jury and Jury- -Tl»rY l, nder

men as aforesaid shall be under and subject to the same Regulations, ', 1

Pains and Penalties as if such Jury or Jurymen had been returned n, ^r.2t

for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts of perjury. Record at IVeJbninJler; and that all and every Person and Persons,

who in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act shall wilfully give false Evidence before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or before any such Jury as aforesaid, shall and may be pi; o-fecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case a Verdi A shall be F.xpence* of given for a greater Sum of Money as a Satisfaction or Recompence Provided for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or lor*

any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or as a Compensation for any Goodwill or Improvement, or any Loss or Damage to be sustained as aforesaid respectively, than shall have been offered by or on the behalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, before the summoning of such Jury, or in case a VerdiA shall be given for any Sum or Sums of Money as a Compensation for Goodwill, Improvements, Loss or Damage where no Compensation shall have been offered by or on the behalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, previously to the summoning of such Jury, or in case by reason of Absence, or other Impediment or Disability, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at Hand who may be legally capacitated to contraA with, and make Conveyances to, or receive Compensations from the said Lord Mayor,

Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, when the Dispute is for such Compensation as aforesaid only as hereinbefore is mentioned, then and in every or any such case, all the reasonable Costs, Chargee and Expences of causing and procuring such Recompence, Value or Compensation respectively, to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be paid and borne by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this A A, but in case any VerdiA shall be given for the same Sum of Money as shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, m Common Council assembled; or xor a less Sum than shall have been £0

4G 4

C. xci.

5$e GEO. in.

A.D. 1815.

Ten Days* No. tice of Injury given, or Jury not allowed to award Compensation for same.

Court of Aldermen may fine Sheriffs, Sec not attending.

previously offered, or in case no Compensation shall be given by the Verdict (when the Dispute is for such Compensation as aforesaid only), or in case of such Refusal to treat or convey by any Body or Bodies, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, legally empowered to treat and convey or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in every or any such case (except where by Reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, in which case all such Costs, Charges and Expences are to be paid and borne by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, as aforesaid), all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value, Recompence or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be taxed by the Registrar for the time being of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons entitled to or claiming such Value, Recompence or Compensation; and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said Costs, Charges and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of all such Sum; or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, That no Jury which shall be summoned by virtue of this Act shall be allowed to assess or award any Sum or Sums of Money to any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, by way of Compensation for Goodwill or Improvements alleged to be loft, or any Injury or Damage alleged to have been sustained by him or them, in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Notice in Writing, stating the Particulars of every such Claim, and how and in what manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, shall have been given or left by or on behalf of such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, at the Comptroller's Office aforesaid, Ten Days at least before the time of the Meeting of such Jury.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power apd Authority, from time to time to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputies or Deputy, or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries who shall not appear without some^aeasonable Excuse, or shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Verdist, or otherwise neglect his Duty, and also on any Person and Persons summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, who shall not attend, having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his or their Costs and Charges, or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or to give his, her or , their Evidence, and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his/her or their Duty in the Bgunget, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, andfe^time to time to j such FmeorFwc* Jg; Ojrfcc^tJ# Aj4 % of Mayor

V

C. xci.

A.D. 1815.

55° GEO. III.

the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, and that a Copy of the Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said City of London for the time being, shall be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting or aiding and assisting the rein, to make such Distress and Sale, and all such Fines shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further eroded. That all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Determinations, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Court of Major and Aldermen and Juries, as relate to or concern any of the cales before mentioned, and all Receipts which the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give for any Sum or Sums of Money paid into the Bank in manner hereinafter mentioned, in consequence of any Verdict and Judgment, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees and Orders, and other Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the same (gratis) and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding Six pence for every Seventy two Words, and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be accepted, or so to be awarded and adjudged as aforesaid, after such Deduction (if any) as aforesaid, to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons to whom the same shall be agreed to be given or awarded, for the Purchase of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or for the Purchase of any Share, Estate or Interest therein, such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances in the Law, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or of such Share, Estate or Interect, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed to be accepted or shall be awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters and Things necessary and recjuiite to make a good, clear and perfect Title to the same Premises; and such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall on the Part of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens be required.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Titles to, and the Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which Hand upon that Part of the Ground which is to form the Scite for a New Poll Office, and is not to be used for any other Purposes of this Act, shall previously to the same Conveyances and Assurances being executed unto the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,

1193

Verdicts and Judgments tn tered among Records.

Upon Payment of Value assessed Premifei conveyed to City.

Title, See. to Site of new Port Office approved of on behalf of Postmaster General.

U94

C. xcu

55° GEO. ID.

A.D. 181$,

Bargains and Sales to have Force of Fines -and Recoveries.

Claims entered

be laid before, and approved of, by the Postmaster General, if be shall think fit.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of the Estate or Interest of any Ferae Covert to the said Mayor and Com. monalty and Citizens, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and enrolled in the Court of Huttings of the City of London, or in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries would or could do if levied and suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sale whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof as shall be purchased or taken by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate inTruft for such Bargainor or Bargainors, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and

within a limited person whomsoever, having or claiming any Right, Title, Interect, time, or lurie: ^Property, Claim or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession,

Reversion, Remainder, Contingency or Expectancy, of, into or out of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, which by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act shall be purchased, and shall be conveyed, or expressed and intended to be conveyed to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens by such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of Five Years to be computed from the Day of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interect, Use, Property, Claim and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town Clerk of the said City of London for the time being; which Book the 1 said Town Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly,

and for which Entry he shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law entitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words; and all and every Persons and Person whomsoever not entering such Right, Title, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim or Demand within such time, and iit&ch manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim or Demand with Effest, within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, Use, Trust, Equity, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Contingency or Expectancy, into, upon or out of the said Premises and every Part thereof, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and those claiming by, from or under them, shall be, and' they are hereby quieted in the Po&ffiou of all such Houses, Binkling*, Lands, Tenements «sd Hwfcditamerta, or Pa*t La*, f v

>\

C. xci.

A.D. 1815. 55" GEO. III.

XI9S

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any But mayrecovar

Person or Persons barred of any Right, Title, Estate, Interect, Use, frinhafe Trust, Property, Claim or Demand whatsoever, in, to or out of the "les\*c* frum. said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or rete, unii

Part or Parts thereof, purchased, or taken by virtue of this Act,

shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received to his, her or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representatives of any Person or Persons, who shall have received all or any Part of the Purchase Money arising from such Sale of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments aforesaid, or Part or Parts thereof, and that in every or any such case the respective Plaintiffs on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover the said Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase Money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest or Mesne Profits as shall be equivalent to the Mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been entitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such uP°n Payment Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contrafted and agreed,

or shall have been assessed and awarded by any Jury or Juries, in man- £it ner aforesaid, to be paid for the Purchase or for the Value of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein as aforesaid, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or such other Body or Bodies, Person or Persons as shall be interested in or entitled to receive the same, at any time after the same shall be so agreed for, assessed or awarded; or if the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall not be known, or shall refuse to receive the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, then, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, as hereinafter directed and required (in case the same shall be requisite), for the Use of such Person or Persons, or of the unknown Person or Persons, so interested or entitled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, to enter into and upon such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Parts,

Shares, Estates and Interests, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate,

Right, Title, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or unknown Person or Persons, to whose Credit such Money shall be paid, in, to and out of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises to be purcfiafed as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the aCtual Seisin or Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Body or Per*

C. xci«

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

son having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the same byLeafe and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interect, Claim and Demand of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or unknown Person or Persons, of, in or to the same Premises to whose Credit such Tender, Payment or Investiture shall / have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and con*

strued to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Effates in Posses. fion, Reversion, ' Remainder, Expectancy or Contingency, and the Issue and Iifues of such Person and Persons, and every other Person whomsoever.

Application of XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Compensation Money to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or when amount* Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate

... or Estates, Interect: or Interests therein, purchased by virtue of the

Powers of this Act, which shall belong to any Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or Cejluique Trust, or to any Person whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, are limited iu strict or other Settlement, or to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be cx-ifting, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery* up$k Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General ifl nts Name, in the Par-chafe.of Three Gon&ll&Ued, or TfcrteftgSifc

fa A

A.D. 1815.

55° GEO. III.

1197

intil the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be 'old for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce )f the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from ime to time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would, for the time being, have been mtitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Pur-: hase and Settlement were made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there should De any Money to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tene-nents or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, purchased as iforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or any Person or Persons jnder any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Parts, Shares, Estates or Interests, so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons making such Option; and be approved of by the said Lord Mayor for the time being (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates and Interests so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts, Shares, Estates or Interests therein to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or in case such Person or

Personi

Application where Compensation less than aool. and exceed 20I.

Application where Money i< less than 20I.

In case Titles deficient, Money paid into Bank.

C. xci.

55° GEO. til

LD.i8i$,

Persons to whom such Sum and Sums shall be so awarded as afore* said, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates or Interests, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Party or Parties interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (describing such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments), or if such Party or Parties shall not be known, then to the Credit of the then unknown Person or Persons interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (describing the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments), subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall, and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interect, of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive fuchr Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Body or Bodies, Per* T tie, Interest of son or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, mton Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the p/id to p«rfnn Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of who was in Pof- any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or i-Hiicin of Pre- Part or Parts thereof, or of any Estate, Right, Title or Interect, in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased or taken in pursuance of this Act, or of any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who shall have been in the PossefGon of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Body or Bodies, Person or Persons claiming under stich Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or under the Possession of fisch Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall bei deemed and taken to ha*e been lawfully entitled to such Hdttfee, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to-such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Sntis&dfeif of the said Chart of Chancery, and tb# Dividends or Interest tof the Bank Anrttritiei't6 be purchased with such 'Money, and of

In C'jfe of Doubt upon

ii iies when taught.

C. xci.

"99

A.D. 1815.

55° GEO. III.

Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accdrdingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where Court of Chan, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Body or Bodies, kYueruxs of 'r Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons entitled to any purduiVs to be Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or pa«i.

Parts thereof, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the

Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Mortgagees on Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, feilder ol Pr, n-Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall be purchased ^convey."*1^ or taken by virtue of this Act or any Parts or Shares thereof, not

being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages,

shall on the Tender of the Principal and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months' Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or such Person or Persons as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed as aforesaid in Trust for them,; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thence cease and determine; Provided always, that in case the Sum Provif*. due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the said Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Part or Parts

thereof

Upon Payment of Principal and Interest into Binlc, Premises to vest in C\ty.

C. xci.

SS° GEO. III.

ArD.l8t$.

Proviso.

Mortgagors to convey, or be forecloied.

thereof which shall be taken for the Purposei of this A d, such Value to be ascertained in manner hereinbefore directed, then the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council aflera* bled, shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises, to be determined as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Mortgagee shall refuse or neglect to convey or assign as aforesaid, then, upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any such Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like manner as hereinbefore directed in case of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Persons or Person in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that if the Money and Interest due in respect of any Mortgage or Mortgages of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof which shall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, shall amount to more than the Value of the Premises charged therewith, or of such of them or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum to be ascertained, as the Value of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to be purchased or taken as aforesaid, forthwith convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interect, in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and in Default of so doing, and on Payment of such Money into the Bank of England, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give lucn Receipt or Receipts as above mentioned, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her or them in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, the Value whereof shall have been so ascertained and paid into the Bank as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possessioo of the said Premises to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and such Sums of Money shall be deduded from the Amount of the Principal and Interest due to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Money and Interest dne in respect of any Mortgage or Mortgages of the (?id Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, shall amount to more than the Value of the Premile* charged therewith, or of fudrof them, ! or-such Part or Parts thettSlF as shall be purchased or token' by virtue of this Act* the

or

A.D. 181j. s J GEO. III. C.xcl 12°!

or Mortgagors, or other the Person or Persons entitled to the Redemption thereof, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum to be awarded or a fife fled, as the Value of the Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to be purchased or taken as aforesaid, to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or into the Bank as aforesaid, forthwith, without any Const-deration, convey, assign or release, his, her or their Right, Equity of Redemption and Interest, in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons^ as shall be appointed as aforesaid; and in Default of so doing shall be and are hereby barred and foreclosed from all Right or Eauity of Redemption of and in the same Premises; and all the Estate,

Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim and Demand of him, her or them, and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her and them, in the same Premises, shall veil in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body Possession cfe-

and Bodies, Person and Persons, in the actual Possession of any liver* d up on Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or auy ll* M°uths Part thereof, to be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, as ollce*

Owner, Leaseholder, Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or for

any shorter Term or otherwise, shall, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from and after the next Quarter Day after Notice in Writing from the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council affeiribled, or their Agent, duly authorized, shall have been left at or affixed upon the same Premises, or so footi after as he, (he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Lord Mayor,

Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall refuse to give up such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the said City of London, to deliver Pofllssion of the Premises to such Person or Person3 as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Cods as shall accrue from the issuing of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give up such Possession as aforesaid by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Tenants at Will, any Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year of any such Houses, Build- &e* qukting beings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part or A)reoW, 8«d bT Parts thereof, shall, by virtue of this Act, deliver up the Possession CompenratiMu. of the same before the Expiration of the time for which he would

otherwise have been authorized to keep Possession thereof, then and in every or any such case, such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to such Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, in Satisfaction and Compensation for delivering up the Possession of the same Premises as shall be agreed upon between such Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Com-55 Geo. III.*4 H mo*

not

C.i

geo. nr.-

JtD.i&i/.

Proviso.

mon Council assembled; and in case such Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, and the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction or Compensation, then the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, in manner herein* before directed for ascertaining and settling the Value or Recompence for Houses, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises to be purchased or taken for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that in case any Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, who shall be entitled to Compensation and Satisfaction by virtue of this Act, shall be desirous of delivering up the Possession of the Premises in his or her Possession, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the next Quarter Day after such Notice shall have been left at or affixed upon the same Premises for that Purpose as aforesaid, notwithstanding he or she may not be then required so to do, then and in every such case the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall immediately after the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, or so so on after as the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for Satisfaction and Compensation to such Tenant at Will or 'Lessee for a Year respectively, shall be agreed upon or awarded, cause Possession to be taken of the same Premises, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be agreed upon or awarded for Compensation as aforesaid, to be thereupon paid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any have 'Satisfaction 'person or Persons in the actual Occupation of any Houses, Buildings, paid to them on Lan(js> Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, having a Execution of greater Interest therein than a Tenancy at Will, or Lease for a Year,shall within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after Notice to deliver Possession of the same Premises shall have been left or affixed in pursuance of this Act, deliver a full and perfect Abstract of his, her or their Title to the same Premises, or to his, her or their Estate or Interest therein, and shall, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Delivery of such Abstract, supply all Defects (if any) which shall be found therein, and of which due Notice shall be given, and deduce a clear Title to the same Premises, or such Estate or Interest therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, then and in every such case the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall on or before the Expiration of Seven Calendar Months next after such Notice shall have been left or affixed as aforesaid, or so soon thereafter as the "Sum or Sums of Money, Satisfaction or Recompence to be paid to such Person or Persons for the same Premises shall have been agreed' upon or awarded as aforesaid, cause proper Conveyances, at Align-

ments and Assurances of the same Premises respectively to be prepared, and om the Execution thereof, and of all Acts necessary for perfecting the fame, by the necessary Parties, shall cause the Sum

crSums of Money, Satisfaction or Recompense to be agreed or .^Warded to be paid for the same Premises, orvfueh Estate or Interest Provife ftEttfrefa, tobepttid in fitch manner as it directtd by this Act*? Pro-

no wilful or eflM&italD&ty fbalLbe tnadfcJby or

in

Occupiers to

Conveyances within Seven Months after Notice to qpit.

A.D. 1$i£ 4? GEO. IK. C. ext.203

the same, to be awarded as aforesaid, or in preparing such Convey* ances, Alignments and Assurances as aforesaid.

f XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Money paid lie* Sums of Money or other Consideration, Recompence or Satisfaction Tore ai*y life to be paid pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, ma^e ^>ie" shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, or into the Bank of England as herein mentioned, before the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to take Possession, or pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings comprized in or affected by such Agreement or Verdict respectively, or to use the Ground, or any other Land, Tenement or Hereditament, or Part thereof, for any of the Purposes of this Act, unless Leave shall be given for that Purpose in Writing, by the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses, Erections,

Buildings, Land, Tenement or Plereditament.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor; Power to cleat Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, ana Gtounri and sett they are hereby authorized and required to pull down, or cause to be Old Material*, pulled down, all Houses and other Erections and Buildings which shall

be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, or such of them, or such Part thereof, as they shall think proper to be pulled down, and to level and clear the Ground whereon the same shall Hand, and all other the Ground to be purchased, or taken by virtue of this Act, in such manner as they shall think proper, and to fell, or cause to be sold, the Materials of Houses and other Buildings to be taken down and re*» moved purfnant to this Act, and the Monies to be produced by the Sale thereof (after deducting the Expences of pulling down such Houses and Buildings, and of such Sale or Sales), and also the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, until the same shall be pulled down or cleared, shall be applied and dif* posed of for or towards the Purposes of this Act or any of them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Burial Ground

for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common 'Foiter°*

Council assembled, to take or use for the Purposes of this Act the Laj<' taken. Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, Foster Lane, and to lay open Part

thereof into the Street or Way called Foster Lane aforesaid, and the same shall at all times thereafter form Part of the said Street, and be used by the Public accordingly, and the Residue of the said Burial Ground and Soil thereof, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the same, shall be and are hereby veiled in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be accordingly conveyed by them in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Corporation for Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, do and purdufe new shall, and they are hereby empowered and required out of the Moniep ?UI^l

to be received for the Purposes of this Act, to purchase a fit and nwd.Foster °" convenient Piece or Parcel of Ground, equal in Quantity to and Lane, within the Distance of a Quarter of a Mile from the said Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, Foster Laney to be appropriated and used as and for a Burial Ground for the Parishioners of the fiud Parish Of Saint Leonard} Foster Lone* and to - procure the same to fie coq-4. H 2 (berated

C. xcL*

JTS° GEO. III.

A.O.18! fr

Proviso for present Burial Ground.

Graves, Ac. dif-tarbedas little as potlible.

Regulations as to removing

Bodies

fecrated and settled for that Purpose in such manned as the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, or such Person as they shall appoint, shall direct, and to cause such new Burial Ground to be inclosed on such Sides thereof as shall be necessary with an Iron Railing and a proper Gate to be erected as an Entrance thereto, with a Lock and other necessary Fastenings, and such new Burial Ground, and the Soil thereof, and the Freehold and Inheritance of the same, in Fee Simple, shall be veiled in the same manner, and shall be subject to the same peculiar Jurisdiction and Visitations as the present Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, Fojier Lane.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said pre-ient Burial Ground of Saint Leonard, Fojier Lane, shall not be taken' or applied for the Purposes of this Act until such new Burial Ground shall have been conveyed and effectually secured and procured to be consecrated and inclosed as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it farther enacted, That the Graves in the said present Burial Ground of Saint Leonard aforesaid shall be as little disturbed, and as little Damage shall be done to the Grave Stones therein as reasonably may be.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary, in pursuance and Execution of this Act, to open and disturb any Grave or Graves, or any Burial Vault or Vaults in the said Burial Ground of Saint Leonard aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Relations or Friends; of any Person or Persons who shall have been interred or deposited in such Grays or Graves, Vault or Vaults, with the Consent of the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish, or the major Part of them, to remove and carry away the Remains of any such Person or Persons, and place the same in such new Burial Ground as aforesaid, or in any Church or consecrated Ground in such manner as the Dean and Chapter of Westminster or such Person as they shall appoint shall direct; and that the Expences of such removing, carrying away and placing (not exceeding in anyone case the Sum of Ten Pounds) shall be paid by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; and that the Remains of such Person or Persons as shall have been interred or deposited in the Graves or Vaults so to be opened find disturbed as aforesaid, which shall not be removed and carried away as aforesaid, shall, (except such Vaults or Graves shall be finally closed up) at the Expence of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to be paid out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, be removed from such Graves or Vaults into, and be interred in such New Burial Ground as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Dean and Chapter for the time being, or such Person as they shall appoint, shall direct.

XLII I. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Hein, Executors, Administrators, Relations or Friends of any Per-foo or Persons whale Grave. Stones are laid inthefaid Burial Ground of Samt Leonard, to remove and carry avray t^Mbe at his, her or

C. xci.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to be paid out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, be removed from the said Burial Ground of Saint Leonard into, and be put up and laid in such new Burial Ground as aforesaid in such manner as the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, or such Person as they shall appoint, shall direct.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to alter, divert, Hop up or enclose, such Streets, Courts, Alleys, Ways or Pastages, and void Ground, situated between the North Side of Chtapfide, and Newgate Street aforesaid on the South, the South Side of Saint Anne's Lane aforesaid on the North, the West Side of Fofltr Lane aforesaid on the East, and the West Side of Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, on the West, which now are or heretofore were used as Streets, Ways and Passages, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as to the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be thought proper to be altered, diverted, flopped up or enclosed for the Purposes of this Act; and the Ground or Soil of such Streets, Courts, Alleys, Ways, Passages and void Ground, or Parts thereof respectively, as shall be (lopped up and enclosed, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof shall be and is hereby veiled in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be accordingly conveyed by them in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, during the making of the said Alterations and Improvements, to flop up or cause to be flopped up, all or any Part of the Carriage Ways of Streets, and other Places, which they shall think necessary, and for that Purpose to put up, or cause to be put up, Sufficient Pali fa does, Bars, Posts and other Erections, and to make such Orders for regulating the Passage of all Carts, Carriages and Horses, as to them shall seem proper.

XLVI- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Street, the Carriage Pavement of which shall be of sufficient Width for Two Coaches or other Carriages to pass each other, and which shall not be intended to be ultimately flopped up for the Purposes of this Act, shall at any time be wholly flopped up, but that sufficient Room shall be left at all times for the free Passage of Carts, Carriages and Foot Passengers.

XLVI I. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise or lower the Ground of the Streets and Ways to be made, widened, enlarged and improved as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, as they - shall judge necessary.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in widening, improving and enlarging the said Streets, Ways and Places in pursuance of this Act, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, in a substantial and workmanlike manner, fill in all and every the Vaults, Cellars and open Places over which it may be necessary to new pave (except such as may be usedgain as Celiars, Vaults or Areas) with good found hard Brick 4H3 Rubbish,

i*o$

Power to flop up Streets and Ways.

Power to flop up Ways during Execution of A«.

No Street quite temporarily (lopped up.

Streets raised of lowered.

Pavements how laid and made.

C. xcl;

i.aoft

55'GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Provifc,

Sewers and Drains arched over, or filled up.

Rubbish, to be well rammed down every Three or Four Inches thick, to prevent the Ground from giving way; and out of such Monies so to be received well and effectually pave over all the Ground of the said Streets or Ways so widened, enlarged and improved as aforesaid, with the Materials of the present Pavement as far as they will extend, and with a sufficient Quantity of new Materials of like Quality and Dimensions, to supply the Deficiency; and shall and will in like manner, out of such Monies so to be received, relay and repair all and every Part of the Streets, Ways and Passages, which they full disturb or alter in carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution: Pro. vided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, or the said Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, with repairing or making good such Pavement in future, but that from and after the same shall be so paved, relaid and repaired as aforesaid, the same shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the respective Wards to which the same shall respectively belong, and that the Right and Property of all Pavements, Stones and Bricks, so to be laid as aforesaid, shall belong to and be the Property of the said respective Wards, in the same manner as Things of a like Description in other Parts of the said Wards rtv spedlively arc now veiled by Law.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause all Sewers and Drains which shall lie and be in or near such Streets or Ways to be altered, widened, enlarged or Improved, or Hopped up, or inclosed as aforesaid respectively, or any Part thereof respectively, to be arched over or filled up as shall appear necessary for completing the Purposes of this Act, so as the same shall not in any wise obstruct, injure or prejudice any Public Sewer or Drain whatsoever, or any Private Drain, without making another Drain or Sewer in lieu thereof equally serviceable and convenient to the Individual or Neighbour-Dram* or Sew- hood: Provided always, that at the time of filling any Sewer or Drain ers made, 3cc. as aforesaid, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall make, erect and build other good and sufficient Sewers and Drains, of convenient Depth and Width, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Sewers appointed or to be ap. pointed under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to Sewers in the said City of London, and when the same shall be so made and completed, the said respective Sewers and Drains shall be under the Jurisdiction, Care, Management and Direction of such Commissioners.

Ground laid into L. And be it further enacted, That when the said Streets or Ways Street to form shall jje a]tCrcd, widened, enlarged and improved, in pursuance of this Act, all the Ground and Hereditaments which shall be laid open into the said Streets or Ways, and paved as aforesaid, shall form Part ol the said Streets or Ways respectively, and shall be nfed by the Public accordingly; and the foie Power and Authority of paving, repairingi cleansing, lighting and watching the same, flail be tinder the Care, Management, -Controul and Jurisdiction^the same ComraiffioiKTs 2* tS1* ^1?$* Perfoos, as thfe oth^ftrfcts and Ways k the

Part thereof.

A »f'

A

C. xri*

no?

55° GEO. m.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ground or He- Corporation em-xeditaments situated in Paternoster Raw, the West End of Cheapside, 10 ?nt

or the South Side of Newgate Street aforesaid, and also any Ground ^GroumlaV. or Hereditaments, situated between Saint Martin le Grand and the \yeti £nd of intended Poll Office, and southward of the Site of the intended Poll Cheapside, and Office, which shall be purchased and cleared by virtue of this Act, between St. shall not be laid into and form Part of the said Streets or Ways when widened and improved as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be p0^ office, lawful for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of Louden, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the Houses and Buildings on such Ground and Hereditaments shall be pulled down, by an Indenture or Indentures under the Common Seal of the said City, to demise and lease all such Ground and Hereditaments, either altogether or in Pareels, to any Person or Persons who shall erefl and build, or covenant and agree to ere£t and build thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof, Houses, Erections and Buildings, of such Rate or Class, or respective Rates or ClalTcs of Buildings, upon such Plan and Elevation, or respective Plans and Elevations, of such Height or respective Heights, and with such Stories, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper, for any Term or Number of Years, to determine at or before the Expiration of Ninety nine Years from and after the passing of this Act, so as there be referred in every such Demise or Lease such yearly Rent or Rents, to be incident to the immediate Reversion of the Premises therein comprized, as to the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appear reasonable, and so that in every such Demise or Lease there be contained a Covenant for the Payment of the Rent thereby to be referred, and such other Co-

venants on the Part of the Tenant or Lessee therein to be named, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall reasonably advise or require; and also a Clause in the Nature of a Condition of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent thereby to be reserved, or on Nonperformance of the Covenants therein to be contained on the Part of the Tenant or Lessee, to be observed and performed; and that every such Tenant or Lessee shall Tenants, &c.to give such good and sufficient Security for the erecting, finishing and give Security, completing of every House, Erection and Building, which he shall covenant or agree to erect within the time in which he shall have contracted to finifti the same, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall order and direct.

LII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may Corporation tH 1 be after the Houses, Erections and Buildings to be erected and built fell Ground as hereinbefore is mentioned, or any of them, shall be finished and R«nt« and Re-completed, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Com- Houf"*common Council assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorized to fell rrize<1 -in and dispose of, or cause to be sold and disposed of, the Ground 1 Rents to be reserved by the Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises, in pursuance of or in ConsideratioA of which the same Houses respectively shall have been erected and built, and also the Reversion and Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession (subje& to such Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises) of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground therein demised, and such Houses and other Buildings thereon, either altogether or in Parcels* by Public Auction or Private ContraA* for

4 H" 4

A

I2o3

C.xci. 550 GEO. IE; A.D.iBiJ.

such Price or Prices, or Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think reasonable; and the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens shall, and they are hereby empowered and required at the Request, Costs and Charges of the Purchaser or Purchasers of the same Premises respectively, upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given for the same respectively, to the Chamberlain for the time being of the City of London, to convey and a/Ture the Piece or Parcel of Ground, or Pieces or Parcels of Ground, so purchased by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, together with the Houses, Erections and Buildings then eroded and built thereon respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof with the Appurtenances, to such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, his, her or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, or as he or they respectively shall in that behalf order or direct, free from all Incumbrances whatsoever (except the Building Lease or Building Leases to be granted thereof by virtue of this Act), and that upon and after the Payment of the Purchase Monies of the said Premises respectively into the Chamber of the said City, the Receipt or Receipts in Writing of the Chamberlain of the said City shall be a sufficient and effectual Discharge, or sufficient and effectual Discharges, to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the Purchase Monies in such Re-

ceipt or Receipts expressed or acknowledged to be received, and that the Purchaser or Purchasers to whom the same respectively shall be given, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication, or be in any wise obliged or concerned to foe to the Application of the Money in such Receipt or Receipts expressed or acknowledged to be received.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be received by the said Chamberlain from the said Sales hereinbefore directed to be made, and also the Rents (if any) which shall be received from the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground so to be demised as aforesaid, or any of them, until the same shall be sold, shall (after Payment of the Costs and Expences of the said Sale or Sales, which are hereby directed to be paid thereout) be applied in Aid of and in the same manner as the other Monies to be received by virtue of this Act,

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby Into Strutts con- empowered and required, at the Option of the Postmaster General veyed to Poll-_ for^tjme being, either from time to time, as and when any I-ands, Grounds and Hereditaments which are not to be demised and sold as aforesaid, or to form Part of the said Streets or Ways, shall become vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Succe/Tora, by virtue of this Act, and the Houses and Buildings thereon shall have been taken down, or after all and singular the Lands, Ground and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the Houses and Buildings thereon shall have been taken down as aforesaid, to grant, convey and allure all the Ground and Hereditaments to be vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, which shall not be to be demised and fold, or form Part of the said Streets to be altered and widened and enlarged U aforesaid, unto His Majsftr*

Po&naifer

Purchase Monies and Rents to form Part of Fund.

Residue of Ground qot laid

matter General.

C.xci.

11GQ

55° GEO. III.

Postmaster General for the time being, and his Sacoeflors for ever (who shall be, and is hereby for that Purpose made a Body Corporate, and shall have a Seal), but nevertheless in Trust for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, and upon no other Use, Trust, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, at such time or times, by such Deeds, Conveyances ^pd Assurances, and in such manner as by the Postmaster General for the time being shall be reasonably deviled or advised and required, the necessary Charges ^and Expences of such Deeds, Conveyances and Assurances to be defrayed out of the Money to be advanced for the Purposes of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be advanced and paid from and out of the Revenue of the Post Office, such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, as shall be necessary for answering and satisfying all the.Purposes of this Act, and all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to or incurred in for about the obtaining and passing of this Act, or in any wise relating thereto, and of carrying the same into Execution, or in any wile relating thereto, the said Sum or Sums of Money as and when the same mall be wanted to be paid into the Chamber of London, by the Receiver General of the said Revenue by virtue of the Warrants of the Postmaster General, such Warrants to be authorized by Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid from time to time into the Chamber of London as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, for or towards the Purposes aforesaid, and that no Part thereof shall be applied to or for any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That if any Monies received by virtue of this Act shall be misapplied or converted to any other Use than the Purposes aforesaid, by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for the time being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons acting under Colour of any Warrant, Power or Authority, by, from or under them respectively, then and in such case the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, shall be answerable for the same out of the Revenue of the said Corporation, in any Action or Actions to be brought by the Postmaster General for the time being, or any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, claiming under or by virtue of this Act, or by the Executors, Administrators and Assigns of any such Creditors, which said Sum and Sums of Money so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the Monies so mifepplied or converted should or might have been' applied to if such Mifepplication had not happened, except that the Colts of Suit shall be deduded and retained thereout in the first Place for the Benefit of him, her or them so suing.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That from time to time there shall be provided and kept, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, One or more Book or Books, in which all the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be received by virtue of this Act, shall from time-to time, as the same shall be paid, be entered and set down,

'and

Money not exceeding 340, 0001 advanced for Purports of A3.

Money applied accordingly.

Corporation answerable in case of Mtfap-

Chamberlain to keep Accounts of Receipts and Dtfbuifementfc

C.xtii

VUA

5j, GEO.IH.i

A.D. 1Stjt

Chamberlain of London to lay Account before Parliament yearly.

Part of Money

and wherein also all the Monies to be paid frnd disbursed out of the Sum or Sums of Money to be received shall from time to time be entered and set down; and such Entry shall express the time when, the Occasion for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same respectively shall be paid.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London shall yearly lay before each House of Parliament a true Account of the Receipts and Application of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be received by virtue of this Act, and a Copy of every such Account shall be delivered by the said Chamberlain at the Office of the Secretary of the General Post Office.

LX. And be it further enacted, That a Sum of Money equal to paid into Cham> One tyr(j part Of the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into the Orphan* Fund Chamber of London as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, shall with Interest be repaid by and out of and charged upon the said Fund called The Orphan's Fundover and above the several Sums of Money heretofore charged, and now remaining due thereon, together with Interest fot the same in the mean time, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to be payable Half yearly.

Corporation to LXI. And be it further enacted, That, for securing the Repayment execute Bonds of the said Sum of Money and Interest, the said Lord Mayor, Alder-for Annuities to men and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, and they fours Money. are hereby required at any time or times, after any Sum or Sums of Money shall be received by virtue of this Act, at the Request of the Postmaster General for the time being, to cause One or more Bond or Bonds, at the Option of the said Postmaster General, under the Common Seal of the said City, to be executed for Payment of an Annuity or Annuities, equal to the Amount of such Interest as aforer said, on One equal Third Part of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been received as aforesaid (no such Annuity being less than Five Pounds) to commence from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to be payable Half yearly, and to continue until Redemption thereof by Payment of the Principal Sum or Sums to the Amount of the Interest on which respectively after the Rate aforesaid, the same Annuity or Annuities respectively shall be equal, and the necessary Charges and Expencea of such Bond, Bonds or Securities, shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act.

Bonds assignable LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bond or Bonds by lodorfement, fljall be assignable by Indorsement, and the Annuity or Annuitiesnd to thereby respectively Secured, shall be made payable to the Chamber-

nd*assigned by of t^ie "id City, who shall forthwith indorse and deliver the same him, and num- to the said Postmaster General for the time being, who is hereby bered. required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the same, and in case

more then One such Bond shall be executed as aforesaid, the same Bonds shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progrtffion.

Bonds delivered LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bond or Bond* be delivered by the said Postmaster General to the Receiver Ofoe, and General of the Revenue of the Post Office for: the time beings and lofrdja soak. be is hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the fuse

ipeaitefy, and forthwith as and when the fane shall he received* lodge the Oau m

' '$oixnt

A

C.xc'u

mfi

A.D. 18r5.3

$5° GEO.IID

count of the Receiver General of the Post Office for the time being-, to be delivered to him or to his Order in Writing, for the Purpose of receiving the Annuity or Annuities thereby secured, or the Principal Monies to be paid for the Redemption thereof respectively, and to be delivered to him for any other Purpose, by Warrant of the Postmaster General, authorized in Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the said Receiver General for the time being shall accordingly from time to time, receive the said Annuity or Annuities, as and when the same shall become due, and also receive the Principal Monies to be paid for the Redemption thereof respectively when the same shall be payable; and he is hereby required forthwith to pay all the Sums of Money to be received from time to time in respect of such Annuity or Annuities or Principal Monies into the Bank of England, 44 To the Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of the Post OfficeProvided always, that it shall be lawful for the said i>roviso' Receiver General for the time being, in pursuance of any Warrant or Warrants of the Postmaster General for the time being, authorized by Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from time to rime, and at any time or times, to take the said Bond or Bonds out of the Bank of

England, and to fell, dispose of and convert the same into Money, in such manner as shall be thought most advantageous; and the Sum or Sums of Money to be produced by such Sale, Disposition or Conversion, shall be forthwith paid by the said Receiver General into the said Bank of England to the Account aforesaid; and all Sums of Money paid into the Bank of England, as aforesaid, shall be applied in the same manner as, and shall be considered Part of the Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund called Tbt Orphan's Fund Orphan's Fund, shall be, and the same is hereby charged and made charged with chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable by virtue of this Annuities.

Act, subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of

Interest on the Principal Debts remaining due to the Creditors of the

said City, and to the Payment of the several Annuities which are or

shall be payable in respect of the several Principal Sums borrowed and

raised upon the Credit of the said Fund, by virtue of any Act or Acts

of Parliament already passed and now in force.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said ^eVoffund Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, out of the future Surplusses of the said Orphan's Fund (after referring so much Money as will be sufficient to satisfy the Interest payable from time to time to the Creditors of the said City, and also to satisfy the Annuitants and yearly Interest payable from time to time in respect of the several Principal Sums raised by virtue of or under the Authority of the several Acts of Parliament already passed for that Purpose, and now in force) the Annuity or Annuities charged by virtue of this Act, shall be paid from time to time as the same shall .1

grow due, before any Part of such Surplusses shall be applied in Redemption of the Annuities, and the Payment of the Principal Sums already charged and then remaining secured upon the said Fund, and that the Residue of such Surpluses after such Payment as by this or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in .>

Force, are or doll be directed to be made put of the lame, &all he ... paid

C.x ci.v

SS'GJLO.m.

A.D. 1815.

Upon Notice of Redemption of Annuities, and Tender of Monies, Annuities to ceaft.

Prorifo.

Surplus of Mo uies how applied*

If SurpluSes of Orphan*# Fund insufficient far Annuities, De-fidendes paid oatafCtumbvr «f Lotaden.

paid and satisfied, (Kail from time to time, by Ohder of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London (which Order the said Court are hereby authorized and directed to make), or by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, be applied towards the Redemption of all and singular the Annuities by this Act charged on the said Fund in such Order and Course as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen (Kail think fit.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London shall give or cause to be given Notice in the London Gazette of the Intention to redeem any Annuity or Annuities which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and shall annex to such Notice a Copy of this present Clause, and at the End of Six Calendar Months next after such Notice, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sum or Sums for which such Annuity or respective Annuities shall have been granted, together with a proportionate Part of the same Annuity or Annuities respectively up to the Days of such Payment or Tender, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being in the Guildhall of the same City, the Annuity or Annuities payable to such Person or Persons respectively shall cease and determine: Provided nevertheless, that such Person or Persons, at any time after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, and before the End of the said Six Calendar Months shall, at the Expiration of Ten Days next after a Declaration in Writing of his, her or their Intention to receive the same shall have been delivered at the said Office (such Declaration being delivered between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon), be paid at the said Office the Sum or Sums for which such Annuity or Annuities respectively shall have been granted, together with a proportionate Part of the same Annuity or Annuities respectively, up to the Day expressed in such Declaration for receiving the lame, and such Annuity or Annuities respectively shall, upon the Day specified in such Declaration for Payment, ceale and determine.

LXVI I. And be it further enacted, That in case, after all the

Sum or Sums of Money to be received by virtue of this Act shall have been paid, and the Repayment of One third Part of the Monies advanced out of the Revenue of the Poll Office shall have been secured by a Bond or Bonds as aforesaid, any Surplus shall remain of the Sum or Sums of Money to be received by virtue of this Act, after effecting all the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, then Two equal Third Parts of such Surplus shall be paid to the said Receiver General of the Revenue of the Poll Office for the time being, to: be paid and applied in the same manner as the Revenue of the said Poll Office is applicable, and the remaining One equal Third Part of such Surplus shall be applied towards the Increase of and is hereby. declared to be Part of the said Fund called The Orphan's Fuad, and shall be applied accordingly.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Surplnffes of the said Fund charged with the Annuity or Annuities which shall \he payable by virtu? of tint Act, shall at any time*hereafter prove inluffiaent tp pay the fast»e, then and, r

hj^hc Sum 1

A.D. 1815. 5 5^ GEO. Ifl. C. xci.

and be made good and supplied out of the future Surpluses of the said Fund.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being shall enter in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, the Bond or Bonds, and Annuity or Annuities, to be granted in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments and Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of such Person or Persons as shall from time to time be entitled to such Bond or Bonds, to which Book and Books all and every Person and Per-fous entitled to or interested in such Annuity or Annuities, shall at all reasonable times in the Day-time have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to lessen or affect the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens, further or otherwise than is herein expressly directed and enacted.

LXXI. And Whereas the greater Part of the said Liberty of ' Saint Martin le Grand will be laid into the said Streets or Ways,

and cleared for the Site of the said New Poll Office: And c Whereas great Impediments to the Police of the City of London

have been occahoned, and other Inconveniences arisen, in confe-

quence of the said Liberty not being within the Jurisdiction of the

Magistrates of the said City, and it is therefore expedient that it

should become Part of the said City Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, or the Place now called the said Liberty, and the Houses, Hereditaments and Ground comprized therein, shall be and be deemed to be within and to form Part of the said City of London, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend to prevent any of the present or future Inhabitants of the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, who shall not be free of the City of London, from keeping Shops or otherwise carrying on their fespective Trades or Business in the said Liberty, in the Ume manner as if the same had not been made a Part of the said City, without being liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or to any Penalty, Hindrance or Disturbance whatsoever.

LXXII I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to destroy, or in any wise affect the Court of Error or Appeal, commonly called the Court of Saint Martin le Grand.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend, to dellroy or affect the Right or Claim of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, to any Efgheats, Fines or Amerciaments, to which they would hdve been by Law entitled in case this Act had not been made.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Place now called the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, and the Houses, Hereditaments and Ground comprized therein, and also so 1 many

U«J

Securities catered in Books.

Act not ro affect any of City's present Creditors.

Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand to form Part of City.

Persons not free of City may keep Shops in Saint Martin 1» Gund.

Court of Saint Martin le Grand not dellroyed.

Right of Dean and Chapter of West minder to Lfcheats and Fines preferred.

Liberty of Saint Martin le Graud and new Poll Office in Ward of Alderfgace within.

tf.xcfc

55° GEO. III

A.D.

many and such Parts of the Houses, Hereditaments and Ground comprized in the Schedule to this Act annexed) as are within the said Ward of Farringdan within, and situated between the North - Side of Cheatfide and of Newgate Street aforesaid, the South Side

of the said Place now called the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, the West Side of Foster Lane aforesaid, and the East Side of the said Street called Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth of December next after the passing of this Act, be and be deemed to be within, and to form Part of the Ward of Aldersgate within, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

y 0.3. c. 13.*LXXVI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better jbaying, cleansing, lighting and watching the Liberty of Saint Martin

le Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County

of Middlesex, and for preventing ObJlruQionx and Annoyance1

therein; Be it further enacted, That the said last recited Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, except so far as relates to any Rates in Arrear, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and the said Place now called the said Liberty shall from thenceforth (except as is herein otherwise provided) be paved, cleansed, lighted and watched by the same Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons, and in the same manner as the other Parts of the said Ward of Aldersgate within.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rates and Duties payable in the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand which shall on the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of ^ft» remain in Arrear or unpaid, or remain in the Hands of any next, paicTto Treasurer, Collector or other Person, shall be forthwith paid over to Conuni({loners the Collectors of the Rates for paving, cleansing and lighting, in

of Sewers. the said Ward of Aldersgate within, to be applied in like manner ei

such last mentioned Rates are applicable; and in case any Person shall refuse to pay any such Rates or Duties in Arrear to any such Collector or Collectors, the Payment of the same shall and may be levied and enforced by such Collector or Collectors in the like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same might have been levied and enforced by the Collectors thereof in the said Liberty in case this Act had not been made; and in case any such Treasurer, Collector or other Persons, in whose Hands any such Rates shall remain, shall refuse to account for and pay the same, then and in every such case such Treasurer, Collector or other Person, shall and may be compelled to account for and pay the same, in the same manner, and with the same Penalties and Punishment, as might have been put in Force for the like Purpose by the Commissioners ap# p 0.3. c.t3. pointed by virtue of the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or otherwise, under the same Act in case the same had not been repealed; and no Security given by any such Treafyrer or Collector shall be in any wise prejudiced or afiefted by this Act, but the Commissioners, Person or Persons, to whom the same respectively shall have hem given, shall enforce by means thereof any Payment or Payments to be made as aforesaid in inch manner as the.uid Commissioners of Seym of the City of Lcttdta and liberties thereof shall #rest. .*: 4.*^*

C - LXXVIII. And

repealed. Liberty how paved, &c.

Arrears and Balances of Rates in Saint

C.xcfc

A.D. 1Sif. ^50 GEO.IIL

12 tt

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from fend after the Place* united said Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, all the Houses and other Hereditaments now situated in the t#

said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, and io that Part of the Ward , other Part of of Farringdon within which shall become united to the Ward of Ward. Aldersgate within by virtue of this Act, and the Inhabitants thereof shall be subject (except so far as is hereby otherwise provided for)

to the Rates and JAffeffments for Land Tax and paving, cleansing and watching Rates, and all other Taxes and Rates whatsoever, which shall be assessed upon and directed to be paid by or in respect of the Ward of Aldersgate within, under the like Penalties and in like manner as the other Parts of the same Ward $ and the said Inhabitants, and all Persons committing Olfences in the said Places hereby united with the said Ward of Aldersgate wtflAn respectively, shall be under and subject to the same Regulations, Laws, Jurisdictions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, as if they were Inhabitants of, or the like Offences were committed in, the said other Parts of the said Ward.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, In future Orders Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, in of Court of Com-the Order and Appointment of the Number of Watchmen and 'Jk*

Beadles to be kept in each and every Ward in the said City after the Alterations*Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, made by Act and the Rates or Sums to be assessed and raised for that Purpose, considered. and other Regulations relating thereto, to be made by them in this 10 G*a* present Year, and every subsequent Year, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the City of London and Liberties thereof and for making more effectual the Laws now in being for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City, shall take into Consideration the Alterations to be made in the said Wards of Aldersgate within and Farringdon within by virtue of this Act, and make such Order and Appointment accordingly.

LXXX. And Whereas the Assessment or Rates fir paving, t cleansing and lighting made in the City of London, do not commence until the Twenty fifth Day of March in every YearBe it therefore further enacted, That there shall be paid and made for the Raee payable t*; Quarter of a Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December to the Commissioners Twenty fifth Day of March next after the passing of this Act to Jf.jJewerVn the Collectors of the paving, cleansing and lighting Rates in the DecTaj', 1815 Ward of Aldersgate within, by each and every of the Inhabitants of to M^h 25* Xhe said Place now called the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, who kSi6.

shall be assessed to, and pay, or ought to pay, a Rate or Rates on

the said Twenty fifth Day of December next, by virtue of the said

Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, such

Rate, Assessment or Payment as shall be equal together with the

Rate or Assessment for watching, to be paid by virtue of this Act

by such Inhabitants for the same Quarter of a Year, to the Rate "*

or Rates which shall have been payable by the lame Inhabitants

-respectively, to the Collectors of the said Liberty for the Quarter of

a Year from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty

fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act, and that

4iich Rate, Assessment or Payment, shall in all respects beconfi-

dered a Rate or Assessment; for paving, cleansing and lighting, in

I2*tf C.xcL J5* GEO. III. A.D.i8rj.

the City of London, and shall be recovered and applied in the same manner to all Intent* and Purposes as the paving, cleansing and lighting Rates shall be recoverable and applicable in the other Parts of the said Ward of Aldersgate within; and, for ascertaining the Amount of the Rates which ought to be paid in such Quarter of a Year as aforesaid, the Commissioners acting under the said Act of the $ G. 3. c. 13. Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December next transinit or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Sewers, a Copy of the last Asseffmentfr and Rates made in the said Liberty to the Twenty fifth Day of December next, and the Alderman of the Ward of Aldersgate within shall transmit, or cause to be delivered, to the said commissioners a Copy of the Assessments for the Watch Rate made on the Inhabitants of the said Place now called the said Liberty, to be made as aforesaid within Thirty Days after the Twenty fifth Day of December next.

Consolidated LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of such Parri^'M Part of the Ward of Farringdon within as shall be united to the Ward wUhin up to 25th Aldersgate within, shall pay and be liable and compelled to pay,

March 1616. the Rates or Assessments for paving, cleansing and lighting, assessed upon them respectively, up to the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the passing of this Act to the Collectors of the same Rates in the Ward of Farringdon within, in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act bad not been made, and the said Wards had not been altered by virtue of this Act.

Alterations in LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners

Wards consider- of Sewers of the City of London and Liberties thereof, in ordering ed in Assessment^directing the Rates or Assessments for paving, cleansing and ^conio ated lighting to be laid and assessed in each and every of the said Wards from the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the passing of this Act, shall take into their Consideration the Alterations made in the said Wards of Aldersgate within and Farringdon within by virtue of this Act.

Afltffments of LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Land Tax not nothing in this Act contained shall in any wise annul, alter or affect aa^MarchHe Assessments of Land Tax to the Twenty fifth Day of March

text, next after the passing of this Act, but that the same and all Arrears

thereof up to the same Twenty fifth Day of March, shall be paid and collected in the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand» and in the said Wards of Aldersgate within and Farringdon within, in # respect of the Houses and Buildings now situated within the same

Places respectively, in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

Commissioners - LXXXI V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of of Land Tax to Land Tax for the City of London shall, and they are hereby autho-fix new Propur- ^zed and required, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March March oomf next a^ter the pa^ng of this Act, in ascertaining and setting down the several Proportions of Land Tax which ought to be charged upon every Ward or Division respectively of the said City of London from such Twenty fifth Day of March, shall take mto th«r Consideration the Alterations made in the Wards of Alderfgaitwiihin and Farritgdom within respectively By viy^.thii^ ald Asii

5s° GEO. III.

C. xci*

A.D. 1815.

1217

Martin le Grand, and also with a proportionable Part of the Proportion which would have been charged upon the Ward of Parting-don within, if this Act had not been made, in addition to the Proportion which would have been so charged upon the same Ward of Aldersgate within, and at all times thereafter the enlarged Proportion to be charged upon the Ward of Aldersgate within, and the reduced Proportion to be charged upon the said Ward of Farringdon within shall be equal to the Proportions which would have been charged upon the said Liberty and upon the said Two Wards respectively, in case this Act had not been made: Provided never- Proviso.

theless, that the Amount of the several Proportions to be charged upon the said Two Wards respectively shall not at any time exceed the Amount of the Proportions which might have been charged upon the said Liberty and the said Two Wards, if this Act had not been made.

LXXXV. And Whereas by reason of pulling down the Houses

and Buildings aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, there may be ' Deficiencies in the Produce of the watching, paving, cleansing and lighting Rates, and the Land Tax within the Wards of Aldersgate within, Aldersgate without and Farringdon within, and the laid

Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, until the same shall become

Part of the said Ward of Aldersgate within f Be it therefore

further enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of Compensation the Houses and Buildings in the said Wards and Liberty respectively for Deficiencies to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted in Wa, d RatCli the Possession thereof, in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be du'in^Fxecu* left at or affixed upon the same Premises as aforesaid, and until the ti0nof Act. said New Poll Office shall be completed and the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built in the said Ward respectively, as the same shall then be altered by virtue of this Act, on such Parts of the Sites of the Houses and Buildings to be taken down as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said new Post Office, shall be completed and occupied, the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled,

shall, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, pay and make good all such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall from time to time be deficient in respect of the Produce of the Assessment, for watching and paving, cleansing and lighting Rates, and Land Tax within the said Wards respectively, and in the said Liberty, until the same shall become Part of the said Ward as aforesaid, br reason or means of the Alterations arising from the Want of Occupiers in, or the taking down of the said several Houses and Buildings respectively, to be computed according to the Produce of such several or the like Rates and Assessments, as near as the nature of the case will admit in such Wards and Liberty respectively, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and -fifteen, and the same shall be accordingly paid to the several Col-leftors of the said Rates and Taxes.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the perpetual Com-said new Post Office shall be completed, and the whole of the Houses pemation for and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the Deficiencies of Houses and Buildings to be taken down in the said Ward, of Alderf- ^and^T4 gate within by virtue of this Act shall be completed and occupied', Aldersgate 55 Geo<'III. 4 I such within.*

C.xci.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Compensation for Deficiencies in Land Tax and Ward Rates of Farringdon within.

Compensation for Deficiencies in Parochial Rates in Saint Aone.&c.

such Sum and Sums of Money shall, from time to time, and at all times, be paid out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Poll Office towards the Assessments of the Watch Rate and paving, cleansing and lighting Rates and Land Tax within the Ward of AlderfgaU within, which will be then enlarged by virtue of this Act, as would for the time being have been payable in respect of the said new Poll Office, in case the same had continued Private Property, and had been assessed as to the said Rates, at the fair Rent or Value at which the same shall be assessed or rated, not exceeding the yearly Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds of like lawful Money of Great Britain, and had been assessed as to the said Land Tax at the fair Rent or Value at which the same shall be assessed or rated, not exceeding the yearly Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds of like lawful Money, the same respectively to be paid accordingly to the several Collectors of the said Rates and Tax, at the same times and in the same manner as such Assessments respectively would have been payable.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the said Houses and Buildings to be taken down in the said Ward of Farringdon within (which will then be altered by virtue of this Act), as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, shall be completed and occupied, such Sum and Sums of Money shall from time to time, and at all times, be paid out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office towards the Assessments of the Watch Rate, and paving, cleansing and lighting Rates, and Land Tax, within the Ward of Farringdon within, as would for the time being have been payable, in respect of the said Houses and Hereditaments which shall be pulled down and the Sites thereof laid into the said Streets or Ways in the said Ward, in case the same had continued (landing, and had been assessed as to the said Rates at the yearly Rent or Value of Eight hundred Pounds, and as to the said Lana Tax at the yearly Rent or Value of Seven hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, the same to be paid accordingly to the Collector or Collectors of the said Tax, at the same times, and in the same manner, as such Assessments respectively would have been payable.

LXXXVIII. And Whereas by reason of pulling down the

Houses and Buildings aforesaid, and making the Alterations afore* said, in pursuance of this Act, there may be Deficiencies in the

Produce of the Church Rates and Poor's Rates in the respective

United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Chn/l Church, and Saint

Vedast alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querne; Be it therefore further enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Houses and Buildings in any of the said United Panfhes respectively, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left at or affixed upon the same Premises at aforesaid, and until the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be buik 00 such Part of the Sites of the said Houses and Buildiogs, in the said

Parishes respectively, to be taken down into the said Street! or WM

' ' r -i, . 1 t"

C.xci.

1219

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

laid Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, out of the said Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, pay and make good all such Sum and Sums of Money a9 shall from time to time be deficient in respect to the Produce of the Assessments for Church and Poor's Rates within such United Parishes respectively, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from the want of Occupiers in or the taking down of the said several Houses and Buildings situated in such United Parishes respectively, according to the Produce of such several Rates and Assessments respectively in such United Parishes respectively, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the same shall be accordingly paid to the several Collectors of the said Rates; and that from and after the whole of the said Houses and Buildings intended to be erected in every of the said United, Parishes respectively as aforesaid shall have been completed and occupied, such respective Sums of Money shall be paid, out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Poll Office, towards the said Church and Poor's Rates, in the said United Parishes respectively, as would for the time being have been payable, in respect of the same Houses and Hereditaments, in case the same had continued Private Property, and had been assessed at the respective yearly Rents or Values, not exceeding in all the said Parishes the Sum of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, and not exceeding in each and every such United Parishes respectively such yearly Sum as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, within the Space of Three Years next after the passing of this Act, by a Deed or Writing under their Common Seal, declare to be the respective yearly Kate or Sum at which such Assessments shall be made in such United Parishes respectively; and that they the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall take into their Consideration in determining the yearly Rate or Sum at which such Assessments should be made in such United Parishes respectively, the proportionate Amount of the respective Assessments of the said Houses and Buildings in the said Parishes respectively from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the same Sums respectively to be assessed or rated in the said United Parishes respectively to be paid to the several Collectors of the said Rates, at the same times, and in the same manner, as the Assessments made on such Houses, Buildings and Hereditaments would have been payable.

4 LXXXIX. And Whereas by reason of pulling down the Houses and Buildings aforesaid, and making the Alterations aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the Church Rates and Poor's Rates in the said Parish of Saint*Botolph without Aldersgate}* Be it therefore further enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Houses and Buildings in the said Parish, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof, in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left at or affixed upon the same Premises as aforesaid, and until all the Houses and Buildings intended to be erected and built on such Part of the Site of the Houses and Buildings to be taken down in the said Parish as shall not be laid 4 I 2 into

Compensation for Deficienciei in Parochial Rates in Saint Botolph without) AlJcrfgate.

C.xei.

Compensation f.)r Tithes until Buildings taken down in Saint Anne, &c.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

into the said Streets or Ways shall be completed and occupied, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of thil Act, pay and make good all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall from time to time be deficient, -in respect to the Produce of the Assessments for Church and Poor's Hates within the said Parish, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from the Want of Occupiers in or taking down of the said several Houses and Buildings situated in the said Parish, according to the Produce of such several Kates and Assessments respectively in such Parish, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and the same shall be accordingly paid to the several Collectors of the said Rates.

XC. And, for indemnifying the Rectors and Vicar of the respective Churches of the several United Parishes of Saint Anne Kvithin Alderfgale and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, and Saint Vedast alias Foster, and Saint Michael le Querne, wherein respectively several of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased as aforesaid, are respectively situate, and their respective Successors for the time being, against such Loss as might otherwise accrue to them respectively by reason of taking down the said Houses and Buildings, be it enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Houses and Buildings in the same United Parishes respectively to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, or in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left or affixed upon the same Premises as aforesaid, and until the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Parts of the Sites of the said Houses and Buildings in such United Parishes respectively to be taken down as aforesaid, as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said new Post Office, except such Houses and Buildings as may be erected between Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, and the Street described in the Map or Plan hereinbefore referred to on the West Side of the said Site of the said new Post Office, shall be completed and occupied, the Tithes or yearly Sums of Money, or customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, charged respectively on such Houses or Buildings as shall be quitted as aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, and all Arrears and growing Payments thereof, or annual IS urns of Money, equal to the Loss in Tithes or Sums of Money of customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, which the said Rectors and Vicar of the said United Parishes respectively may fullain by the Want of Occupiers in or taking down of such Houses and Build* ings respectively, shall be paid out of the Monies to be received hr virtue or this Act, and also by way of Compensation for the Lois which the said Rectors and Vicar respectively may sustain in Surplice Fees, such further annual Supi for every House in the same Parishes respectively, which shall for the time being have been quitted by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, exceeding in Number the House or Houses (if any) which ibafl for the time being have been built arttbo^cupied in the same Ps-xMbes respectively, onJParts of the Site* aforesaid, as is hereinsfer

*pi*

C. xci.

1221

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, the annual Sum of Twelve Shillings and Six pence for every House, in the said Parities of Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, the annual Sum of Seven Shillings for every House, and in the said Parishes of Saint Vedast alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querne, the annual Sum of Fourteen Shillings for every House, shall be paid and payable out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to the respective Rectors or Vicar of the said United Parishes respectively, and their respective Successors for the time being, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four moll usual Feasts or Days of Payment in every Year; that is to say, the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, by equal Payments in every Year, the'first Payment thereof respectively to be made on such of the said Feast Days as shall first and next happen after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of such Houses or Buildings in such United Parishes re-ipeftively, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall have quitted the same as aforesaid, together with all Arrears.

XCI. And, for indemnifying the Rector of the United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, the Rector and Vicar of the said United Parishes of Saint Leonard Foster Lane, and Christ Church, and the Rector of the said United Parishes of Saint Vedast alias Foster, and Saint Michael le Querne and their respective Successors for the time being, against such Loss as might otherwise accrue to him or them in respect of Tithes and Surplice Fees, by reason of taking down the said Houses and Buildings in the said United Parishes, and the Alterations intended by this Act to be made, be it further enacted, That immediately after the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the Houses and Buildings in the said United Parishes respectively, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said New Poll Office (except such Houses and Buildings as may be erected between Saint Martin le Grand aforesaid, and the Street described in the said Map or Plan on the Well Side of the said Site), shall have been completed and occupied, there shall be paid or delivered in every Year unto the said Rectors and Vicar of -the said United Parishes respectively, and their respective Successors for ever, at the Option of such Rectors and Vicars respectively, either the Sum of Money, or the Quantity of Wheat, or the Price thereof hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, to the said Rector of the said United Parishes of Saint Anne and Saint John Zachary, the Sum of One hundred and five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, or Two hundred Bushels of good, clean, wholesome, marketable English Wheat, of the bell Sort, or the Average Price thereof, for the time being, according to the London Gazette, published next preceding the Day on which Payment or Delivery shall become due respectively; to the said Rector and Vicar of the said United Pa* rilhes of Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, the Sum of Ninety Pounds of like lawful Money, or One hundred and Seventy two Bushels of such Wheat as aforesaid, or the Average Price thereof as aforesaid; and to the Rector of the said United Parjlhes of Saint Vedafl alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querne, the Sum of Fortr 4nre Pounds of like lawful Money, or Eighty fix Bushels of such a I*'^Wheat

Compensation ts Rectors and Vicar.

C.xci.

55° GEO. III.

A.D. 1815,

Wheat as aforesaid, or the Price thereof as aforesaid; the said Sums of Money, Bushels of Wheat or Prices thereof respectively, to be paid or delivered to the said Rectors and Vicar respectively, and their respective Successors for ever thereafter, at the Guildhall of the said City, for and in lieu of all Tithes and Surplice Fees, which may cease to become payable to them respectively by reason of the Alterations to be made in pursuance of this Act, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in every Year; that is to say, on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December; the first Payment or Delivery thereof respectively to be made on such of the said Quarter Days as shall first and next happen after all the whole of the said Houses or Buildings in such United Parishes respectively (except as aforesaid) shall have been completed and occupied as aforesaid; and which Sums of Money, or Bushels of Wheat, or Prices thereof, shall be charged and chargeable upon and paid or provided out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Poll Office.

Houses rebuilt XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said liable to Tithe?. Yearly Sums in lieu of Tithes hereinbefore provided and directed to be granted to the said Rectors and Vicar of the said United Parishes

of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Fo/ler Lane and Clrift Church, and Saint Vedast alias Fo/ler and Saint Michael le Querne, and their respective Successors, are hereby provided for them respectively, in respect only of such Houses and Buildings in the same United Parishes respectively, the Sites whereof shall form Part of the Site of the said new Post Office, or be laid into the said Streets or Ways, and that when and so soon as any Houses and Buildings shall be erected on any Ground purchased or taken by virtue of this Act in the said United Parishes respectively, the same shall become liable to the Payment of Tithes, or customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, and the Arrears thereof (if any) which shall not be otherwise paid by virtue of this Act, in the same manner as if they had been erected and built before the passing of this Act, or this Act had not been made.

If Houses built XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case between Saint any Houses shall be erected between Saint Martin le Grand and the

Mattin le Grand said Street described in the said Map or Plan on the West Side of

OfficT^arrf t^ie said intended Site of the said new Post Office as^ aforesaid, then

pensation to and f°ch ca^e> the Annual Sums of Money, or Bushels of Wheat,

Re&ors ami or Prices thereof, made payable out of and charged upon the said

Vicar of Saint Revenue of His MajestVs Post Office by virtue of this Act, to the

mbifli'ed^ Rector of the said United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate

and Saint John Zachary, and the Rector and Vicar of the said United Parishes of Saint Leonard Fo/ler Lane and Chri/l Church (in which such Houses will be situate, and become liable to the Payment of Tithes, or customary Payments in lieu of Tithes), shall be and are hereby respectively dimmished after the Rate of the Annual Sum of One Pound and One Shilling, or Two Bushels of Wheat, or the Price thereof as aforesaid, for or in respect of every House to be erested, as lastly hereinbefore is mentioned*hich shall for the

C. xci.

1223

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

minster, Impropriators of the Rectory and Tithes of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, their Successors, Lessees, Tenants and Assigns, against such Lois as might other wise accrue to them by reason of taking down the Houses and Buildings in the said Parish, be it further enacted, That immediately after the Tenants of the Houses and Buildings in the said Parish, or any or either of them, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted Possession of the said Houses and Buildings, and until all the Houses and Buildings intended to be erected on such Part of the Site thereof respectively, as shall be situated on the West Side of Aldersgate Street aforesaid, when altered and improved in pursuance of this Act shall be completed and occupied, the Tithes paid or payable respectively on such Houses and Buildings in the said Parish as shall be pulled down by virtue of this Act, according to the last Assessment to the Twenty fifth Day of March last, until Houses and Buildings to be erected on such Part of the Site thereof as aforesaid shall be rebuilt and occupied as aforesaid, and all Arrears and growing Payments thereof, or an annual Sum equal to the Loss which the said Dean and Chapter, their Successors, Lessees or Assigns, may from time to time sustain by the taking down of such Houses and Buildings, shall be paid and payable out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, until all the same Houses and Buildings in the said Parish, or the Site of the same, shall be conveyed to His Majesty's Postmaster General for the time being, or laid into the said Street or Way in pursuance of this Act, and from and after such Conveyance shall be made and executed as aforesaid, the same shall be paid and payable out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office to the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Successors, Lessee9 or Assigns, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four most usual Feasts or Day8 of Payment in the Year 5 that is to say, on the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, by equal Payments m every Year, the First Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Feasts or Days as shall nrft and next happen after such Tenants so quitting Possession of such Houses or Buildings, or any Part thereof, together with all Arrears, and from and after any Houses and Buildings shall be erected upon any Part of the Site of the Houses and Buildings or their Appurtenances, so to be pulled down within the said Parish, shall be occupied, the same newly erected Houses, Erections and Buildings, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of Tithes and all other Payments and Duties to the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Successors, Lessees, Tenants and Assigns of the said Restory, in the same manner and at the same Rates and Proportions, and with the like Remedies for Recovery in respect thereof, as all and every such new Houses, Erections and Buildings, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, would have been liable to in case the same had been erected and built before the passing of and otherwise than in pursuance of this Act, and this Act had not been made.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any One or more of the said present Houses and Buildings at the West End of Magpie Court, within the said Rectory and Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, shall in pursuance of this Act be pulled 4 I 4 down,

Compensation to Impropriators of Saint Botolph Alderfg-te.

Compensation to Impropriators of Houses in Magpie Court, purchased for Bui it Ground.

1224

C. xci.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

down, and the Site of such House or Houses, or any Part of them, or either of them, or the Appurtenances thereof, shall be appropriated and used as the Whole or any Part of the Burial Ground hereinbefore directed to be purchased, that then, from and immediately after the Tenants of the said Houses, Buildings and Premises, shall have so quitted as aforesaid, a perpetual Annuity or Annual hum of Three Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be paid and payable, out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Pod Office, to the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Sutfcessors, Lessees, Tenants or Assigns, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four moll usual Feasts or Days of Payment, in the Year; that is to say, the Twenty fifth Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, by equal Payments in every Year; the First Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Feasts or Days as shall first and next happen after such Tenants shall have so quitted Possession, unless and until the said Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, shall charge the same upon any Part of the Ground in the said Parish of Saint Botolph which shall be purchased or taken by this Act, and upon and out of such House or Houses or other Buildings as shall be erected thereon, which they are hereby authorized and required to do to the Satisfaction of the said Dean and Chapter of Westminster, their Successors, Tenants and Assigns, Impropriators for the time being of the said Rectory and the Tithes thereof.

XCVI. And, for indemnifying the Parish Clerks of the several United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, Saittt Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Church, and Saint Vedast alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querne, and their respective Successors for the time being, against such Loss as might otherwise accrue to them respectively by reason of taking down the said Houses

Compensation to and Buildings, be it enacted, That after the Occupier or Occupiers Parish Clerks. Of any of t}ie said Houses and Buildings in the same United

Parishes respectively, to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, shall have quitted the Possession thereof for the Purposes of this Act, or in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be left or affixed upon the same Premises as aforesaid, and until the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the said Houses and Buildings as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said new Poll Office, shall be completed and occupied, the Annual Sum of Five Shillings for every House in the same Parishes respectively, which shall for the time being have been quitted by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof as aforesaid, exceeding in Number the House or Houses (if any) which shall for the time being have been built and occupied in the same Parishes respectively on Parts of the Sites aforesaid, shall be paid and payable out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act to the ryspective Clerks of the said Parishes respectively, and their respectiyc Successors for the time being, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, at the Four most' usual Feasts or Days of

C.xcl

1225

A.D. 1815.'.55° GEO. III.

such of the said Feast Days as shall first and next happen after the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Houses, Buildings or Tenements, in such United Parishes respectively shall have quitted the same as aforesaid, together with all Arrears; and from and after the whole of the Houses and Buildings intended to be built on such Part of the Sites of the Houses and Buildings in the said United Parishes respectively to be taken down for the Purposes of this Act, as shall not be laid into the said Streets or Ways, or form Part of the Site of the said New Poll Office, shall have been completed and occupied* there shall be paid unto the said Parish Clerks respectively, and their respective Successors, the perpetual Annual Sums hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, a perpetual Sum of Fifteen Pounds to the Clerk of the United Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary> and his Successors for the time being; a perpetual Sum of Ten Pounds to each of the Two Clerks of the United Parishes of Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Churchy and their respective Successors for the time being; and a perpetual Sum of Five Pounds to the Clerk of the United Parishes of Saint Vcdajl alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querne, and his Successors for the time being; the said perpetual Annual Sums to be paid and payable for ever thereafter, at the Guildhall of the said City, out of the said Revenue of His Majesty's Post Office, clear of all Taxes and Deduction9, at the Four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in every Year, the First Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Feast Days as shall first and next happen after the whole of the said last mentioned Houses and Buildings in such Parishes respectively shall have been completed and occupied as aforesaid.

XCVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to vary or alter the Rights of the said Rectors, Vicar and Impropriators of the Rectory and Parish Clerks of the said Parishes of Saint Anne within Aldersgate and Saint John Zachary, Saint Leonard Foster Lane and Christ Churchy and Saint Vedafl alias Foster and Saint Michael le Querne, and Saint Botolph without Aldersgate respectively, within the same Parishes respectively, or to subject the Inhabitants thereof respectively to any other Claim or Demands of the said Rectors, Vicar or Impropriators and Parish Clerks respectively, than they respectively were heretofore lawfully subject unto.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from time to time to appoint One or more Committee or Committees to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby required to do, execute or perform, which Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall have such or so many of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

XCIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Member of any such Committee, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be }'made

Proviib that Rector?, t*c.

(h ill not havo greater Claim* within Parishes.

Mayor, &c. impowered to appoint Committees.

Persons inter rested not eligible on Committee).

C.xci*

55° GEO. III.

A.D. 181j.

Penalty.

Persons not free of City may be employed by Committees.

made or entered into by or on behalf of such Committee for or con. ceming any of the Works to be performed or done in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every such Contract shall be void, and the Person who being a Member of such Committee shall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit respectively no Protection, Essoin or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to employ any fit Person or Persons, whether free of the said City or not, in or about any of the Works, Matters or Things which they shall cause to be performed or done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and to contract for the doing and Performance of such Works, Matters and Things, or any of them, with any Person or Persons, in such manner as the said Committee or Committees shall think fit, and that no Person or Persons who shall be so employed or contrafted with, in, about or for any of the Purposes of this Act, nor any Person or Persons to be set to work by or under them or any of them, shall for any Act done or to be done in or about the Premises, be subject or liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or for any Penalty inflicted by any Bye-Law of the said City.

..... Cl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to

giving Notices of the making of any such Contract, Notice shall be given in tome of the Contrails. Daily Newspapers, that such Committee intend to make such Contract, and that all Persons willing to engage therein, may make Proposals to the said Committee at a certain Time and Place in every such Notice to be specified, and all Contrafts made or to be made in consequence of such Notice, shall fjpecify the several Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said Works are to be completed, together with the Penalty to be incurred in case of the Nonperformance thereof, and the same shall be signed by the Clerk for the time being of such Committee, as also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by such Committee.

Officers ap- CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be

pointed. lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Committee or Committees as shall or may be appointed as hereinbefore is directed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered respectively from time to time to nominate and appoint such and lb many Clerks and other Officers under them, as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the Execution of any of the Purposes aforesaid, and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, to make such Allowances to the said Clarks and Officers respectively, for their Care and Paisa in the Execution of their respective Offices, as they (hill think reasonable 5 any -thing* htreinbtfore cotatabc^'b tl» cottfMtm.W

V, - -TvTn f-

Directions for

S|

C. xci.

1227

A.D. 1815. 550 GEO.IIL

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers, and other Persons whomsoever, concerned or to be concerned in the Receipt of the Money by this Act appropriated to the Purposes aforesaid, before he or they shall be permitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any of the said Offices, shall be bound with sufficient Securities to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, in such reasonable Sum or Sums as by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City shall be thought fit, having regard to the Trusts reposed or to be reposed in such Officer or Officers.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer or Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the Monies aforesaid, divert or misapply the same or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then such Chamberlain or other Officer, or Person or Persons aforesaid, so misapplying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied, with full Costs of Suit, which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by the Postmaster General for the time being, or any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, claiming under or by virtue of this Act, or the Executors, Administrators or Assigns of any such Creditors who shall sue for the same by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Efibin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, hinder or disturb any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in the Execution of any Part of this Act, every such Person shall, for any such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break down, deface or damage any of the Bars, Posts, Rails, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for paving, Implements, Utensils or other Things whatsoever, which shall be the Property of or used by or under the Orders or Direction of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in making and completing, or for the Purposes of the said Alterations and Improvements, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to caule him, her or them to be conveyed before some Alderman of the City of London, and such Alderman shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if tfce Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, either by his, her or their own Consession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, he, (he or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to be applied for the Purposes of this Act a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and shall also make Satisfaction to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for

the

Officers concerned in Receipt of Money to give Security.

Officers mifap-plying any of said Monies.

Penalty.

Affinilting Officers, 8ce. Penalty.

Securing Offenders.

Penalty.

c. \c\:

55° GEO. III.

A.D. 1815-

Imprisonment.

Penalties and Forfeitures how recovered and applied.

Imprisonment.

Informer may have Part of Penalties.

the Damage so by him, her or them done as aforesaid, and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeitures, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Alderman it hereby required to commit him, her or them, to any Gaol or Prison in the said City of London, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the time for which he, {he or they shall have been so committed, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby in Aided or authorized to be imposed (if the manner of levying and recovering the same is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon due Proof of the Offences respectively, before any One or more Aldermen of the City of London, or Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place wherein the Offenders shall be or reside, or the Offences shall be committed, either by Confession of the Party of Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Aldermen or Justices, which Warrant such Aldermen or Justices are hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes; and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and dedusted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall be from time to time applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Aldermen or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said City or County wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefis such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Alderman or Aldermen, or Justice or Justices, from time to time, if they shall fee Cause, to adjudge that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as the said Alderman or Aldermen, or Justice or Justices shall think fit, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons (not being a Witness or Witnesses) taking, seizing or assisting the rein, or any of them; any thing herein contained ta the contrary not with {landing.

CIX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against thre Act, be it further enacted) That all and every the Alderman or Aldermen, Justice or^Justices of the Peace, befbfci whom any Person or Persons shall be ftmwftedof any Offence a "

this Act, &nfl; j^n»^catt{etlfefl' '

C. xcu

1229

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

4 BE lt remeiT>kered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A* B.

4 is convicted before C. D. One [or, Two, as the case may be] of the Aldermen of the City of London, [or, Justices of the Peace for the

County or City of as the case may be]

4 [Specifying the Offence and Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the case may be-\ contrary to the Form of

the Statute, made in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty King

George the Third, intituled [Here set forth the Title of this Act, ]

and I [or, We] do adjudge that he hath therefore forfeited the Sum of [Here insert the Penalty'or, shall

4 be committed to {Place of Imprisonment) for the Space of (Time of Imprisonment). Given under my Hand and Seal [or, Hands and

Seals] the Day and Year first above written.'

CX. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be d-. emed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser9 on account of any Def ft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction or Warrant of Distress or in the Appointment of the Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Paid Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespafters ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall happen to be done in making the said Distress, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, she or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Costs, and no more, in an Action of Trespass or on the Case, at the Election of the Party or Parties so aggrieved.

CXI. And be it further enacted*, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Mode of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said City of London, within Three Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall arise, unless the same shall arise within Ten Days preceding such Sessions, in which case such Appeal may be brought at the Second Sessions after such case shall arise j and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Complaint or Complaints; and shall and may, if they fee Cause by order of such Selfipn, mitigate at their Discretion all or any Part of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify or confirm the same with such Costs'as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and to levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the same; and for want of sufficient Distress, to commit such Person or Persons to some Common Gaol in or for the said City of London, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs: Provided always, that the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall, and he, she or they are hereby required to give Notice in

Writing

Form of Cua-vidtion.

Distress net unlawful for Want of Form.

Appeal.

Penalties mid-gated.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

Provifcfc

G. xfii.

J5° GEO. III. A.D.i8f$.

Writing of such his, her or their Intention of bringing or profc. curing such Appeal Fourteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, Recognizance. and shall, before such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before One or more Alderman or Aldermen of the City of London in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Ten Pounds each, with Condition to prosecute such Appeal, and to pay all Costs in case such Appeal shall be determined against the Party or Parties so appealing.

Proceedings not CXII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be quashed for had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against

Want of Form. this ^ft, or any made, or any other Matter or Thing to be

done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or re-CertiorarL movable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever,

into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster (except

as hereinbefore is mentioned) $ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of CXIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That'no Actions. Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought for any thing done

in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been tnade to the Party aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every Action or Suit shall be laid, brought and tried in the County or City where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, may at his, her General Jflue. or their Election plead specially on the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days' Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other City or County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdist, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Treble Costs. then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her or their Costs, in any other cases by Law.

public Act. CXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. on Houfo and Building* in the plan. Situation. Freeholders. Leaseholders. Occupiers.

2 Paternoster Row Peter Stephens Vaughan Griffiths - Arch. Hamilton and others.

Ditto - Ditto > John Sourtr - - ? John Souter.

1 Vaughan Griffiths - $ Vaughan Griffiths.

C Malcolm Dunnetf)

3 Cheapside - < Parish of St. Mi-C Malcolm Dnnnctc Malcolm Dannett.

chael le Quern j

2 Ditto - -1 The Bishop of 7 London -1 Malcolm Dunnctt Lawrence Ingram.

I Ditto - Ditto - Charles Kinder Charles Kinder.

57 Newgate Street Ditto - -1 Elizabeth Matthews Frederick Cole -.Elizabeth Matthews. Frederick Cole.

56 Ditto - Ditto - -1 Thomas Harris - ? Captain Dowbiggen - £ Thomas Harris.

55 Ditto - Ditto - Captain Dowbiggen Empty.

54 Ditto - - Corporation of)London - \ Henry Pritchard Henry Pritchard

148 Cheapside -1 The Governors of 7 Christ'sHospital 5 Ellis Shipley Lobb - 7 John Kynaston - J Ellis Shipley Lobb.

157 Ditto - Ditto - -1 Thomas Brown Charles Rogers T. Brown" 7 of a C. Rogers, t

6l a Newgate Street -Horse Shoe TaO Gilbert Burn John Epps John Epps.

vern, Horse S Shoe Passage 3 C William Sowerby Henry Baker Henry Baker.

Gilbert Burn O

6l b Newgate Street - < Sarah Mitchell - C William Bannifterj William Bradley William Bradley.

62 Ditto - Bishop of London / Charles Gat field Charles Gatfield.

63 Ditto - Ditto - William Matthew William Matthew.

64? 65 J Ditto - Dean and Chapter 7 of Westminster J Benjamin Stephens - Benj. Stephens and Son.

34 St. Martin Ie Orand Ditto - Samuel Smith Samuel Smith.

1 Round Court Ditto - -1 William Newman - ? Caleb Welch Collins William Newman.

2 Ditto - Ditto - Caleb Welch Collins - Empty,

11 Ditto - Ditto - Charles Gatfield - Ann Lewis. Charles Gatfiejd.

5 6 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto James Bill.

Ditto - Ditto - - John Leonard Elizabeth Stephens.

7 Ditto - Ditto - Thomas and Charles -1 Jones - - > Samuel Smith -J Thomas and Charles Jones.

8 Ditto - Ditto - - Mary Hood - - ? Samuel Smith - J Mary Hood.

St. Leonard's T

Church Yard, > Foster Lane -j Ditto

9 Round Court Ditto - c George Whitfield John Williams O Empty.

10 Ditto - Ditto - - < The Rector & Church- / wardens of Saint f Thomas Hacon.

i Leonard -j

XX Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto Ditto - - Wm. JohnMillward. Sarah Watkins.

X2 Ditto - Elizabeth Bateman.

No. on -'iiufe* an KuiMtiw n the plan.

13

14

15 x6

17

35

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

37

38

39

40

41

At

43

44

C.xci.

Situation.

ij-dEo.m.

Round Court -^Ditto Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

St. Martin le Grand

New Rents

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -

D tto -

Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -Eagle & Child Ale--'! house.St. iVlnrtin V 1c Grand -J

St. Martin le Grand Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

The George Ale-house -

-}

St. Martin le Grand

Freeholders.

Dean and Chapter ? of Westminster $ Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -

Di; to -

Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto -

1

I

{

{

Ditto -

Leaseholders.

William Abud

Ditto John Currell William Abud Samuel Smith John Powell -Michael Sheeres Wilson

William Jeffery E. and P. Coxe J. and C. Delafotis

----- Buchtnough

George Longftaff £dw. and Peter Coxe Ditto Hugh Thorp Kernot Edw. and Peter Coxe Ditto Ditto Ditto George Whitfield William Rogers Geary Salte Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

MeffieursDickenfon and' Co.

Geary Salte Rob. Bennet Thompson Robert Holmes William Freeman Geary Salte Edw. and Peter Coxe George Lee and Son James Bullions Edw. and Peter Coxe Goodwin, Skinner,

Co.

Joseph Ventom John Lewi* -?

William Purser -

Barclay and Perkins -

Joseph and Edward' Goodwin The Executors of the late James Wyatt, Esq.

Richard Knight and" William Smith John Hillman John Robert*

1

: r, am

A.D.lSlj*

Occupiers.

— M'Lellam. Elizabeth Flanders. Ann Read.

John Powell.

Michael Sheeres.

William Jeffery.

George Longflaff.

Thomas Caney.

Joseph Cohen.

HughTJiorp Kernel Empty.

Edward Young. Empty.

Herbert Fox.

Aaron Cohen.

Peter Smith.

Samuel Williams. Hugh Price.

John Cannon.

Joseph Mortimer.

Rob. Bennet Thomplon.

William Freeman. George Lee and Sou. James Bullions.

Thomas Smith.

John Lewi?.

Cheller FouKhara.

Joseph and Edward Goodwiu.

Richard Krifght. William Smith.

No. on

Houlet and Bu'ldinc* Situation. Freeholders. Leaseholders. Occupiers.

in 1 be pi n

I Dean's Court - Dean and Chapter 1 of Wellminiter. Robert Coleman John Grant James Beveridge: } Robert Coleman.

r Henry Watts o

2 Ditto - - Ditto - -< John Grant -> Henry Watts.

I James Beveridge J

3 Ditto - _ Ditto Thomas Rumball William Barret.

4 Ditto - - Ditto - Philip Hitter William Abud: } Philip Hitter.

5«Ditto - - Ditto George Hitter William Abud ] George Hitter.

Ditto - - Ditto - -i John Marftcn William Abud Robert Ward.

6 Ditto - - Ditto Alex. Russel and Son I Alexander Russel and Son.

7 Ditto - - Ditto William Abud \ John Godfrey Warner.

8 Ditto - _ Ditto.Ditto Robert Fish.

9 Ditto - - Ditto - -f Henry Rider -Thomas Chanlefs Henry Rider.

10 Ditto - Ditto 5 Samuel Evans Samuel Evans.

" " '1 William Abud - John Martin.

1 Little Dean's Court Ditto William Abud - Empty.

2 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Hannah Leak.

3 Ditto - _ Ditto - Ditto - Edward Wikey.

4 Ditto - Ditto Ditto - James Bird.

s Ditto - Ditto.Ditto - James Robinson.

6 Ditto - - Ditto r Ditto Richard Gould William Baker.

50 St. Martin le Grand Ditto - A Eliza Frances Simmons > Nathan IlrneL

\ Robert Fiftier -J

5i Ditto - - Ditto Eliza Frances Simmons 7 Robert Fisher - \ Martha Hearn.

52 Ditto - 5 Parish of St. Ann 7 and Agnes - 5 Ditto - David Bligh David Bligh.

S3 Ditto - I William Shepherd -i William Shepherd and Son.

54 Ditto - - Ditto; j Henry Budd -John Whitburn Henry Budd.

55 The Bell Alehouse Ditto Henry Meux Eliz. Sarah Langton.

56 St. Marlin le Grand Ditto - John Bailey.John Bailey.

57 Ditto - _ Ditto _ William Matthews - William Matthews.

58 Ditto - _ Ditto - Mary de Grave - Mary de Grave.

10 St. Ann's Lane.Ditto - John Connop - John Connop.

11 Ditto - - Ditto - Henry Stobart - Henry Stobart.

12 Ditto - - Ditto - Benjamin Sims - Benjamin Sims.

13 White Swan Pub- 7 Ditto _ Calvert and Co. _ Thomas Croxall.

he House - V

r Dean and Chapter

14 St. Ann's Lane { of Saint Paul's & > Minor Canons -J John Diggens - John Diggens.

r Ditto -A

Elizabeth Prickett.Thomas, John, and

15 Ditto - _ Ditto - A Thomas, John, and Ben- Y Benjamin Towles.

I jamin Towles - 1 George Cromwell.

l George Cromwell - J

r John Diggens

16 Ditto - _ Ditto - A I'homas Smith -> Charles Drake.

Charles Drake -J

17 Ditto - _ Ditto Barber - Johu Bidcn.

18 Ditto - -? Ditto - -J James Payne - A James Payne.

17 18 Fofler Lane I Rev. John Moore» -i

Ditto - Ditto Meriton - Johu Biden.

55 Gko. III. 4 K

C. xci.

S$* GEO. III.

A.D. 1Ujj,

1234

No. on Houl>» anti building. Inihe plan Situation. Freebolden. Leaseholders. Occupiers.

20 Fofter I, anc Golclsmith's Com- $ ThomaB Sawyer Thomas Sawyer.

1 2 Bell Square - > Ditto -J psny - - ( John HaU - - John Hall

3 Ditto - Ditto - Sawyer and Hall \ Henry Mills. Hannah Sherborn.

4 Ditto - Rev. John Davies George Djrling Warne 7 Edmund Warne - \ James Sharp.

5 Ditto - Ditto - Robert Fiflier - Robert Fisher.

6 Ditto - - j Parish of St. Ann 7 and Atnes - j John Whitburn - John Theobalds.

7 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - James Levertun.

Ditto - Ditto - -1 Samuel Bellingham Henry Stohart Samuel Bellingham.

9 Ditto - Ditto - Cornelius Rich Cornelius Rich.

10 Ditto - Ditto - - j Executors of the late 7 William Nunn. - 1 James Swetman.

11 12 Ditto - - 7 Ditro - - J T C Augustus Brown^i — Humphreys Brooks - Alice Latham. John Allen.

William Brown _ William Brown.

21 Fofter Lane - j Piercy -) William Blundftone.William Blundftone.

22 Ditto - Augustus Brown Ditto - Thomas Brind.

a3 Ditto - Augustus Brown.

*4 Ditto - Ditto - William Whitehoro 1 fate Kellett*

White Hart Ale- 7 Dean and Chapter 7 I William Whitehoro.

house - J of Westminster $ William Abud - s

28 Fofter Lane Ditto - -j William Anderson William Abud: } William Anderson.

z a George Street - Ditto - William Billinghurst Susannah Jaques.

/ John Jaques John Jaques.

it Ditto - Ditto - -< William King Thomas Wick :,) William King.

Blue Anchor Ale- 7 house - - j Ditto - -1 George Oakly Thomas Wick: George Oakly.

4 George Street - Ditto - -1 William Guthrie John Hillman - J James Williams.

5 Ditto - Ditto - -1 Thomas Habgood William Abud Thomas Habgood.

r Thomas Habgood 1 John Herbert.

6 Ditto - Ditto - -< John Herbert

I William Abud - J George Elies.

7 Ditto - Ditto - George Elies

f Thomas Habgood O William Davies.

8 Ditto - Ditto - < William Abud - }

I William Davies - J

9 Ditto - Ditto - - J George Archer John Hillman: } George Archer.

10 Ditto - Ditto - William Edwards William Edwards.

ii Ditto - Ditto - - J John Martton William Abud John Marston.

i Mould Maker's C John J^and - - 1 Mary Gurney.

Row - - / Ditto - - j — Beveridge - } William Garland.

3 Ditto - - f Ditto - _\ John Grant - J Mary Medcalf.

; 4 Ditto -.I Ditto John Hillman - Frederick Otto. j

5 Ditto., ] Ditto - t Samuel Sherman Thomas Wide Thomas Cofte.

i*f-'.I j: - J Ditto'- - RkhardDixon jggS- - if fc^Bgwell

Ii v jhC

PGc

A.D. 181$,

5fGEO. III.

C. xci.

23S

No. on lloufct and buildings Situation. Freeholders. Leaseholders. Occupiers.

n (be plan.

10 a Mould Maker's f Row - \ Dean and Chapter 7 of Westminster 3 William Piper William Piper.

IO b Ditto - Ditto - John Hillman Ditto.

i i Ditto - Ditto - - William Guthrie John Hillman George Clarke.

12 Ditto - Ditto - -1 Abraham Beard John Grant: } Abraham Beard.

13 Ditto - Ditto - Joseph Page - Joseph Page.

ay Fuller Lane Ditto - John Hillman m Hillman and Bacon.

3° Ditto - Ditto - Ditto _ John Hillman.

3i Ditto - Ditto - Ditto j James Crookey. John Holme.

r Ambrofc Welchman O

34 Ditto - Ditto - Clement Pool John Stirtevant: } Ambrofc Welchman.

35 Ditto - Henry Hoare -^William and James Lowndes and Co. William and James Lowndes and Co.

36 Ditto - John Keller ton Dennis Gardner.

37 Ditto - Charles Corbould Charles Corbould.

38 Ditto - Henry Evans _ James and Card.

39 Ditto - Samuel Wright John Land -.Thomas Duplock.

4ol 4i > &C.J Ditto - Richard and Geo.T Knight, Grocers' > Company - J R. and G. Knight I Richard and George Knight.

176 7 177 J Aldersgate Street Dean and Chapter 7 of Westminster 3 William Lloyd Robert Fisher: } William Lloyd.

178 Ditto -.| Governors of 7 Chrill's Hospital 3 Lawrence Dorgan Lawrence Dorgan.

179 Ditto - Ditto - William Bolher _ William Bolher,

r William Bruce

l Magpie Court Ditto - - -J John Chettle -John Newberry: John Silvanus.

Ditto - (. Joseph Bryant O

2 Ditto - John Chettle Thomas Crew.

3 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto.Hucan Hewett.

a Ditto - Ditto - -1 John Hume -William Matthews: } John Hume.

4 Ditto - Ditto - - John Hume John Chettle: } Thomas Williams.

5 Ditto - Ditto - John Chettle William Hart.

6 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto _ Richard Ellis.

1 Upper Magpie Court Drto - William Matthew _ John Hawkins.

2 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto _ Thomas Lewis.

3 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto _ James Pratt.

4 Ditto - Ditto - Ditto _ John Statham.

5 Ditto -The Nag's Head 7 Ditto - Ditto - Samuel Knight.

Public House 3 Ditto - Thomas Burleigh - Henry Twelvetree.

1 Saint Martin le C Grand - - { Corporation of ( London - ( Thomas Reynolds John Wood James Waugh.

2 Ditto - Ditto - Thomas Reynolds Thomas Reynolds.

3 Ditto - Christ's Hospital j John Nortninton William Todd John Norminton.

4 Ditto - Ditto - William Todd William Todd.

I Bull and Mouth ( Corporation of 5 lof. and Charles Dela- 7 Jot', and Charles De-

Street - - J London - ( fons -S lafons.

*7 Ditto - -1 St. Martin le Grand Governors of J Chrill's Hospitatf Ditto - Sarah Goddard — Barber John Long Henry King Sarah Goddard. Henry King.

8 Ditto - Ditto 3 -1 Robert Bedford 1 Robert Bedford.

HP John Long i

4 K

123# C.'xcii, xciil.

SS GEO.HL

A.D. 181$t

Cap. xcii. '

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds and Marshes, and other Lands and Grounds lying in the Parishes of Wor meg ay, Shouldham, Mar ham, Middleton, Pentney, East Winch and West Bilney, in the County of Norfolk.

[28th 1815.]

4 Sc 5 V. Sc M. c.5.*26.

39 Eliz. c. 20.12.

*&9 W.3.

1 G. 1. Stat, 2. c, is.

Cap. xciii.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to provide convenient Courts of Justice in and for the said City.

[28th June 18 ry.J

WHEREAS the Sittings of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, in and for the City of London, are now held in certain Apartments in the Guildhall of the said City, which are inconvenient for those Purposes: And Whereas the Court of Requests in and for the said City is now held in Guildhall Chapel, formerly called The Chapel of Saint Mary Mag '* dalen, or Alt Saints, situate on the East Side of Guildhall Tard\ 4 in the said City, and adjoining on the North West Corner thereof to the Guildhall aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient that convenient Buildings should be provided for the Sittings of the said Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, in and for the said City, and for a Court of Requests for the said City, and Part of the Sites of Guildhall Chapel aforesaid and Blackwell Hall, on the East Side of Guildhall Tard aforesaid, will be a convenient Situation for the Eireftion of such Buildings: And Whereas the said Chapel is much decayed, and Divine Service hath not been performed therein for many Years: And Whereas Blackwell Hall aforesaid is a

Market for Cloths, and hath been regulated by the several Acts of Parliament hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, an Act made

and passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled An Act touching the making of Wootling Cloths; another Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An ASagainfithe deceitful dretching and tentering of Northern Cloths; another Act made and passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of*King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell Hall to the Clothiers, and for regulating the 4 FaQors there; and another Act made and passed in the First Year

4 of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An 4 A8 to make an Act of the Tenth Tear of Her late Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating, improving and encouraging of the Woollen MdnufaSure of mixed or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein, more effectual for the Benefit of 0 Trade in general; and also to render more effectual an Act of the Seventh Tear of Her said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the 0 better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadth of Woollen Cloths made in the County of York: And Whereas the said Market at Blackwell Half hath been entirely discontinued for manftjYears, and the Warehojifes and Buildings belonging thereto areralling 'into Decay: And Whertas Guildhall ChapetMd j&laclwellHauAaft*

C. xciiir

1237

monalty and' Citizens of the said City, together with all other the

Markets, Lands and Hereditaments of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, are charged with the Payment of certain large

' Annual Sums of Money towards the Fund called The Orphans Fund, for Payment of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City ' of London, by the several Ash of Parliament hereinafter mentioned;

that is to say, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King 5 &6 W.& M. ' William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Relief of the c-IO-

Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London; another Act'

made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled' 7 G. 3. c. 37.

4 An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from

4 Black Friars in the City of London to the oppojtte Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeem- ing the Tolls on the said Bridge and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for repairing the RoyaP 4 Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side'

of the said River within certain Limits, and for further continuing towards those Purposes the Imposition of Six pence per Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm imported into the Port of the said City, ejla- blished by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Tears of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Welt minder and Parishes adjacent,

and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; Ten other Acts made in the Eighteenth 18 G. 3. c.48.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise upon the Credit of the Surplujfei to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans' Fund,

the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds towards the discharging thd Debt incurred'in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate and a Sejjtonr

House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes therein mentioned; An 18 G. 3. c. 49.

4 Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to arise out of- the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans'

Fund, the Purpose of opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane and

Virginia Street, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint

John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; An Act for 18 G. 3. c.50..4 applying the Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, to arise

out of the Surplus of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the County of Middlesex; An Act for ap- 18G.3. c.51.

4 plying the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund commonly called The Orphans' Fund,

towards completing the Paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent> in the County of Surry; An Act 18 G. 3. c. % 7.

for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to sell the present Session House for the /did County, and for enabling them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation,

and to keeb'the same in Repair, and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pbunds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans' Fund) towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session House; An Act 18 G. 3. c '71*for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City

4-K 3 ' of

C. xciii.

55° GEO. III. A-.D. i vtp,

4 of London, in Common Council of mb led, to make a Street or Open* 4 tng from Moorfields, opposite Climvell Street, towards the Eafi, into Bimopfgate Street, and also from the East End of Chifweil Street, Westward into Barbican, and to raise upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans* Fund, the Sum of Sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds 18 G.3. c. 72.3 4 for such Purpose; An Act for ereBing Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within tie City and Liberty of Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transaBing the other Public Buftnefs of the said City and Liberty, and for appropriating Part of the Surplusses of 18 G; 3. c 73*The Orphans' Fund towards defraying the Expence thereof; An

4 AB for paving the High Street, or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be raised upon the Credit of the Surpluses to arise out of a certain 18 G. 3. c. 78. < Fundi commonly called The Orphans* Fund, for such Purpose; An

4 AB for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans* 4 Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex: 18G. 3. c.80*and An Act for widening and improving a certain Avenue, called

4 Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spital Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving Dirty Lane, and also the East Side of Petticoat Lane, from Whitechapel High Street to Wentworth Street, the feud Avenue called Wentworth Street, from thence in one continued Line through Old Montague Street, Chapel Street and Prince*s Row, to Baker's 4 Row, inclu/ive, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the same, and for removing all ObfiruBions and Incroachments therefrom,

and preventing the like for the future; Two other Act, made in 35 G. 3. c. 126. 4 the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

4 AS for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of

London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of The

35 G, 3. c. 131. 4 Orphans' Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and 'Art 4 AB for repairing the Cormnon Sewer in New Bridge Street, Black Friars, in the City of London, or making a new Sewer inf tad of the defeBive Part or Parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing o & 4 the same; another Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth

c. xlii,4 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rdifing

4 a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several 4 ABs passed in the Thirty fifth and Thirty eighth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a 4 more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for racing on the Credit of The Orphans' Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts; another 44 G. 3. c. xxvii. 4 A A, made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of<|iis present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising ay additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Act J9*. wideningjj* Eutrftf*

' i#o 4* Git, of itofiioa nmr

C. xciiL

A'.D.i8i£.

55° GEO. III.

modious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of The ' Orphans* Fund certain Sums of Money for those Purposes, and also

for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts; another Act, made and

passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts for widening the Entrance 1 into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more 4commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising Money on the Credit of The Orphans* Fund for these Purposes, and for extending the Powers of the said Acts; and Three other Acts, made and

passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act for increasing the Fund for watchings lighting, cleansing,

4 watering and repairing Black Friars Bridge; An Act for building 4 a new Prison in the City of London, for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate, and for converting the Building now containing the said Two Compters

and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the said Two Compters,

and into a House of CorreSion for the said City of London

and An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City ©/" London, to improve and grant Building Leases of the Ground in Moorfields; also to fell all the Ground comprized in such Leases when improved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increasihg The Orphans* Fund: And Whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens are desirous to be empowered to purchase such Parts of Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid as do not now belong to them, and to erect and

provide convenient Buildings for the Sittings of the Courts of ' King's Bench and Common Pleas in and for the said City of London, and for a Court of Requests for the said City, upon

Part of the Scites of Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall afore-

said, and to be empowered, for defraying Part of the Costs and

Expences thereof, to grant Building Leases of any Part or Parts of

the said Scites which may not be required for the aforesaid Purposes;

to fell the Ground Rents to be referred by such Leases and the Reversion and Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Premises to be therein respectively comprized, freed and discharged from the

said Annual Payments towards the said Fund, called The Orphans'

4 Fund: But inasmuch as the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this A£, the said Acts of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary (a), the Thirty tlinth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (a), the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, shall, so for only as relates to the said Market of Blackwell Hall, and the Scite thereof, but not further or otherwise be, and the same are, hereby repealed; and the said Market, and the Office of Keeper thereof, and the Tolls and Profits of the same, and all the Public and Common

(*) [Wholly repealed, 49 G.3. c. 109. f I.} "

4 K 4 Ufc*

*23*

51 G. 3. c.cciii.

5* <* 3-c. clxxxiii.

51 G. 3. c. ccix.

52 G. 3.C. cca

4 & y W.3c M. c. y. § 36.

39 Eliz. c. 20.

$ 12.

9 W.3.C.9. x G. 1. Scat. 2. c. 15.

Market, ice. cease.

C; xc\il

S?> GEO.HL

chafe Blackwell Hall.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell and convey, &c.

Uses and Purposes to Which the Scite of the said Market, or any Part thereof, is now subject by virtue of the said A As of Parliament, or by Law, Prescription or Usage, or otherwise howsoever, shall cease, determine and be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Corporation em- II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the i^!rfrni\rfc£«n" Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, inf the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to treat and agree for the Purchase of Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid, and the Warehouses, Buildings and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, and of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Estates and Interest* therein or Charges thereupon, or such Parts thereof respectively (not belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens) as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Personi whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successor8, but also for and on behalf of their Ccjluique Trust* or Wards, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever; and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be Seized, possessed of or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be Seized, or possessed of or interested in Guildhall Chapel or Blackwell Hall aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Term, Estate, Rent Charge or Interest therein, which, or Part of which, by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be thought proper to be purchased, to contraA for, sell and convey the same, and every or any Part thereof, to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and that all ContraAs, ' Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances, AAs and Deeds, which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, so contraAing or conveying, as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, she or they, or any of them, shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, and other Person or Persons hereinbefore capacitated to contraA for, sell and convey Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall, or such Part or Parts thereof, or any such Tenements, Rents, Estates or Interests therein as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Ovtmers thereof, may accept, and receive such SadsfiAion or Recomp&ce for the Value thereof o$4h&U T*'

Satisfaction made and accepted.

C. xciii.

1241

V. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyances of the Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and atteiled by Two credible Witnesses and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled in the Court of Hustings of the City of London or in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises a3 any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied and suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of Guildhall Chapel or Blackwell Hall aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Terms, Estate, Rent or Interest therein which shall be purchased or taken by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in the Law to all Intents and Purposes as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seized of any Estate in Trust for such Bargainor or Bargainors in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Hereditaments or Premises, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, which shall belong to any Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or Cejluiaue Trusts, or to any Person whose Hereditaments are limited in itrift or other Settlement, or to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summury way, by the Person or Per/ons, Body or Bodies, who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effest, and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chanceryr upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in

his

Bargains and Sales to have Force of Fines and Recoveiics.

Application oF Compensation, when amoun.ing to acct.

C. xeiii.

5^ ceo. nr.

A.Efc itilfr

Application where Compensation less than 200I. and exceed sol.

Application where Money less than, sol.

Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expence* of Pur. chafe* to be paid.

his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean time and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said'Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Hereditaments or Pfemifes belonging to any Corporation or any Person or Persons under any Disabuity or Incapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be eqnal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, for the time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands to be paid in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies making such Option and be approved of by the said Lord Mayor for the time being {such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approvihg Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends anfing thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and m all such cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Premises so purchased as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by season of any Disability or Incapacity of the Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons entitled to any Hereditament or Premises to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the

Purchase Money for the same shall her Bank of England, ra the Name and with the Gtaehd dtebe Gport^eiWncem uii4*td of utter TeUWbetrti

to be paid into the of the Accountant PurctoA

wt6

- mrt

C. xciii.

1243

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem it reasonable, to be paid by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Common Coun-Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in cil empowered Common Council assembled, by themselves, their Deputiesf Agents, to pull down Officers, Servants and Workmen, to pull down, or cause to be

pulled down, Guildhall Chapel aforesaid, and Blackwell Hall afore- £jall^wc said, or the Warehouses and Buildings thereunto belonging (or such Parts thereof as belong to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or shall be purchased as aforesaid), or such Part thereof respectively, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think necessary or proper to be pulled down.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Common Coun-

said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council cil empowered assembled, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Servants new.

and Workmen, to erect, finiffi and complete on the East Side of c-t Guildhall Tard aforesaid on such Part of the Sites of Guildhall Guildhall Chapel Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid belonging to the said Mayor and and Blackwell Commonalty and Citizens, or to be purchased as aforesaid, as they Hall

shall judge most convenient, proper Buildings and Apartments for the Sittings of His Majesty's Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas in and for the said City of London, and for a Court of Requeds in and for the said City, with necessary and convenient Rooms and Offices thereto respectively, according to such Plan and in such manner as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall judge proper 5 and also to erect such other Buildings for transacting any Public Business of the said City of London, and to make such Avenues, Ways or Streets, in, upon or over the said Sites, or any Part thereof, as to them the said Lord Major,

Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall leem expedient.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Two Monuments or Two Monu-Tombs erected or placed on or against the Walls in Guildhall Chapel ments in Guild-aforesaid, shall be removed from the said Chapel into and be placed Jj^vedTo*1* and fixed in the ParHh Church of Saint Lawrence Jewry9 in the said church of St. City of London, at the Expence of the said Mayor and Commonalty Lawrence and Citizens, in such manner as the Lord Bishop of London for Jewry.

the time being, or such Person as he shall appoint for that Purpose,

shall direct, and that the Sum of Twenty Pounds shall be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to and accepted by the Churchwardens of the said Pan(h of Saint Lawrence Jewry4 as and for the Fees or Dues for putting up the said Monuments or Tombs in the said Church.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stone Pav-ment and Pavement or Floor extending all over the internal Part of Guildhall Wjlbof Gu, ld* Chapel aforesaid, and the Grave Stones contained therein or forming disturbed!* no Parts thereof, and also such Parts of the Walls of the said Chapel

or the Foundations thereof as lie below the Level of the said Pavement, shall not, nor shall any of them, or any Part thereof respectively,

be

C. xciif.

T244

$ s'GEO. III

A.D. 181

be taken away or removed for the Purpose of digging Foundations or making Drains or Sewers, or any other Cause or Thing whatsoever, it being hereby expressly declared, that the Graves and Vaults under the Pavement of the said Chapel shall not be opened or disturbed, and that all the Works by this Act authorized to be done upon the Site of the said Chapel shall be executed upon, over or above the said Pavement.

Corporation em- XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful BuTldirf Ltlfes*to. anc* ^or t*ie Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said of UanylJartaofS City of London, and they are hereby authorized and required at anj ReGUue of Sites. ^me or times after the passing of this A A, by an Ihdenture or Indentures under their Common Seal, to demise and lease any Part or Parts of the Sites of Guildhall Chapel and Blackwell Hall aforesaid, now belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to be purchased as aforesaid, which shall not be required for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, and which the said Lord Mayor, Alder* men and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper to be sold (freed and discharged from the said Annual Sums of Money payable thereout towards the Orphans^ Fund aforesaid), either altogether or in Parcels^ to any Person or Per ions- who shall ereA and build, or covenant and agree to ereA and build on the same, such Houses, Erections and Buildings, of such Rate or Class, or re»-speAive Rates or Classes of Buildings, upon such Plan and Elevation, or respective Plans and Elevations, of such Height or respective Heights, and with such Stories, and to lay out and appropriate such Part of the Premises to be comprised in any such Demise or Lease, as and for -a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to any House or Houses, or other Buildings, or for a Way or Ways, Sewer or Sewers* for the Convenience of the Lessee or Lessees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the same Premises, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermea and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall fix and agree upon, and shall be mentioned in such Demise or Lease respectively, for any Term or Number of Years, to determine within Ninety nine Years from and after the passing of this A A, so as there be reserved in every such Demise or Lease such Yearly Rent or Rents to be incident to the immediate Reversion of the Premises therein comprised as to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appear reasonable, so that in every such Demise or Lease there be contained a Covenant for the Payment of the Rent thereby to be reserved, and such other Covenants on the Part of the Tenant or Lessee therein to be named, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or their Counsel in the Law shall reasonably advise or require; and also a Clause in the nature of a Condition of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent thereby to be reserved by the Space of Thirty one Days, or on Nonperformance of the Covenants therein to be contained on the Part of the Tenant or Lessee, and the Tenant or Lessee shall give such good and sufficient Security for the ereAing, finishing and completing of every House, EreAion and Building which he shall covenant or agree to ercA within the time in which he shall have contracted to finish the same, as the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled. shall nrdi»r and dfrpA

J

C.Tciii.

1245

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

built as lastly hereinbefore is mentioned, or any of them, shall be finished and completed, the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorized tQ sell and dispose of, or cause to be sold and disposed of, the Ground Rents to be reserved by the Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises, in pursuance of or in consideration of which the same Houses respectively shall have been erected and built, and also the Reversion and Inheritance thereof, in Fee Simple in Possession (subject to such Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises), of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground therein demised, and such Houses and other Buildings thereon, either altogether or in Pareels, by Public Auction or Private Contract, to any Person or Persons, for such Price or Prices, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common CounciL^flembled, shall think reasonable; and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, at the Request, Cods and Charges of the Purchaser or Purchasers of the same Premises respectively, upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given for the same respectively to the Chamberlain for the time being of the 'said City of London, to convey and allure the Piece or Parcel of Ground, or Pieces or Parcels of Ground, so purchased by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, together with the Houses, Erections and Buildings then erected and built thereon respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, with the Appurtenances, to the Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, his or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, as he or they respectively shall in that behalf order or direct, free from the Annual Sums payable towards the Orphans* Fund aforesaid, and all other Incumbrances whatsoever (except the Building Lease or Leases to be granted by virtue of this Act); and that upon and after Payment of the Purchase Monies of the said Premises respectively into the Chamber of the said City, the Receipt or Receipts in Writing of the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, or his known Deputy or Clerk, shall be sufficient and effectual Discharge, or sufficient and effectual Discharges, to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the Purchase Monies in such Receipt or Receipts expressed or acknowledged to be received, and that the Purchaser or Purchasers, to whom the same respectively shall be given, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication, or in any wise obliged to fee to the Application of the Money in such Receipt or Receipts respectively acknowledged to be received.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in Common Council assembled, shall and may use such of the old Materials of Guildhall Chapel, and of the Ware-houses and Buildings of Blackwell Hall, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, to be pulled down as aforesaid, in and about the Erection of such New Buildings as aforesaid, or shall and may fell, or cause to be sold, all or any Part of such Materials as to them shall seem meet.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be received by the said Chamberlain for the Sales hereinbefore directed to be made, and also the Rents (if any) which shall be received from the said Pieces or Parcels of JGround so to be demised as aforesaid, or any of them, until the same shall be sold; and also all the Sura and Sums of Money (if

any)

to fell Ground Rems nnd Reversion?.

Common Council empowered t* use, See. old Materials.

Money arising from the Sales, See. applied towards Expences of new Buildings.

C. xciS — xcviii.

1246

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Mayor, &c. empowered to appoint Committees.

Public Act.

any) to arise From the Sale of old Materials as aforesaid, shall be ap. plied in or towards the Erection and Completion of such Buildings, Apartments and Offices as hereinbefore are mentioned, or in or towards re-imbursing the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens the Sum or Sums of Money which they shall have expended in eresting, finishing and completing the same Buildings, Apartments and Offices.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-fui to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Comrooa Council assembled, from time to time to appoint One or more Committee or Committees to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby required to do, execute or perform, which Committee or Committees, so to bfe appointed, shall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council aflfem. bled, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons without the same being specially pleaded.

Cap. xciv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge across the River Isis, in or near the City of Oxford, called Folly Bridge otherwise Friar's Bridge; and for widening the same Bridge and improving the Approaches thereto.

[28th June 1815.]

[jFor 21 Tears, £ffc. tuilefs the 16, 500l. to be raised, sooner paid of.]

Cap. xcv.

11 G. j c.70. An Act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers

34 G. 3. c. 13a. of Two Acts passed for repairing the Road from Reading to

Speenhamland and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said County, (a) [28th June 1815.]

f.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted

Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xevi.

An Act for building a new Church, and also a Workhouse, in the Parish of Bathwici, in the County of Somerset.

[29th June 1815.]

[Saint Mary's in Bathwich]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar, (b) [4th July 1815.]

Cap. xcviii*

51G. 3. c, ccis.^ An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for building, a new Prison in the Gky of London* and for removing thereto rri-

foners

C. xcviii, xcix.

1247

A.D. 1815. J50 GEO.HI.

foners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate

[4th July 1815.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread; and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits.

[12th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty first Year of the 31 G. 2. c. 29. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti-< tuled An Act for the due making of Breads and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal,

Flour or Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty 32 G. 2. c. 18. 4 second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the § 2<

Second, intituled An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or dsfguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise and to the Relief of the Officers of the*Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the last Sefpon of Parliament,

' for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or - Bread; And Whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the 3 G* 3. c. xx.

4 Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

4 An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the due making of B ready and to regulate the Price and Affine thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Mealy Flour or Bread: And Whereas an Act waspassed in the Thir- 13 G. 3* c. 62.*teenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled*An Act for better regulating the Affine and making of Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign 33 G. 3. c. 37.*of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Secondy intituled An Act for the due making of Bready and to regulate the Price and Affine thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Mealy Flour or Bread with respeS to the Time within which certain Prosecutions direSed by the said AS are to be brought: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty fourth 34 G. 3. c.61, Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, in- 36 G. 3. c. 22. 4 tituled An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty seventh 37 G.3.0.98. 4 Year of the Reign of Hia said present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effcSual an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Secondy intituled An Act for the due making of Bready and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Mealy Flour or Bready so far as the same relates to the Affine and

4 making

C.xcix.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

mfiKtng of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liber tin

n/r^f' an(* wtt^m t^3e We*My Kills of Mortality, and within Ten of, I*Miles of the Royal Exchange: And Whereas an Act was passed

0' In l^e Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His said present Ma-

jesty, intituled an Act for amending an Act made in the lafi Sejm

of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render more efeflual

an Act made in the Thirty frjl Year of the Reign of His late Ma

JeJy King George the Second, intituled An Act for the due mating ' of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish

Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the

fame relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City ' of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the IVeelly Bills of

Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange: And

39 ft 40 G. 3.«Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year

c'.74*of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for

' amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread: 41 G.3. (U. K.) t And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty first Year of the c*Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act

' made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of 45 G.3. c. xxiii. < Bread: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year

of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for 1 amending an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Thirty

frjl Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to -regulate the Price and Affix* thereof, and to punish Persons who

flail adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the same relates to

the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London

and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality

and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange: And Whereas an Act was 48 G. 3. c. lex.*passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said present

Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Thirty frjl Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and

to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far as the same relates to the weighing of Bread to be baked and sold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange:

And Whereas it is deemed expedient that the said several recited«Acts, so far as the same relate to the City of London and the«Liberties thereof, and the Towns and Places within tta Bills of < Mortality, and within Ten Miles from the Royal Exchange in

the said City of London, should be repealed; and that there shall

no longer be an AfiGze of Bread, or any Regulations respecting

the Price of the same, within the said Limits; and that the Pro-

villons for punishing Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour

or Bread, or who shall fell Bread deficient in its due Weight,

should be consolidated and amended; but inasmuch as the Purposes

aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of

Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

repealed a5 to Authority of the same, That the said several recited Aftsofthe

Mile"of °the Thirty first and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His said life

Royal Exchange.*, Majesty

C.xcix.

1249

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

Majesty King George the Second, and the Third, Thirteenth, Thirty third, Thirty fourth, Thirty sixth, Thirty seventh. Thirty eighth. Thirty ninth and Fortieth, Forty first, Forty fifth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all and every other Acts or Act of Parliament (if any (a))relating to the making and felling of Bread, or the Assize and Price thereof, or the Punishment of Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who shall fell Bread deficient in its due Weight, shall, so far as respects the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and the Divisions, Towns and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Ten Miles from the Royal Exchange, and the Bread and Meal Flour made, fold and being the rein, be and the same are hereby repealed; and there shall be no longer any Assize of Bread within the same City, Liberties, Divisions, Towns and Places, or any Regulations respecting the Price thereof. (0) [See 38 G. 3. c. 62.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever in the said City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange in the said City, to make, bake, fell and expose for Sale, any Bread made of Flour or Meal of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Com, Pease, Beans, Rice, and every other Kind of Grain whatsoever, and Potatoes, or any of them, and with any Common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeast, Barm, Leaven and Potatoe Yeast, and mixed in such Proportions as the Makers or Sellers of such Bread shall think fit 5 any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons making, or who shall make Bread for Sale within the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Person or Persons as last mentioned, shall at any time or times, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Alum or Preparation or Mixture in which Alum shall be an Ingredient, or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu of Alum, into the Dough of such Bread, or in any wise use or cause to be used any Alum or any other unwholesome Mixture, Ingredient or Thing whatsoever, in the making of such Bread, on any Account, or under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever; upon Pain that every such Person, whether Master or Journeyman, or other Person, who shall knowingly offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Consession, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the City, County, Borough or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to liard Labour for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before Whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is

55-Geo. III. 4 L and

Assize of Bread abolished.

Bread made of proper Materials, and sold at Prices Bakers may think proper.

Bakers not to ule Alum, Sec. in making of Bread for Sale;

Penalty.

Imprisonment.

C. xcix.

55° GEO. III.

A.D. 1&5.

Adulterating Corn, Sec. whether at time of grinding, &c. or

Grain for another Sort.

and arc hereby required to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London, or the Liberty of Westminster, and to defray the Expences of publi/hing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be so forfeited and shall be paid or recovered.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall knowingly put into auy Corn, Meal or Flour, which shall be around, dreffect, ^im bolted or manufactured for Sale in the said City of London or Li-feiiing Meal, kc. berties thereof, or within the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of one Sort of within Ten Miles from the said Royal Exchange, either at the time

of grinding, dreffieg, bolting or in any wise manufacturing the same, or at any other time or times, any Ingredient, Mixture or thing whatsoever 5 or shall knowingly fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any thing as or for or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which shall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the same shall import to be and ought to be; upon Pain that every Person who shall offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in manner hereinafter prescribed, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think, fit or order.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Loaf of every Sort of Bread, made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, other Grain than which shall be made for Sale, or be sold, carried out, offered or ex-Wheat, marked p0fe(j in any wjfe to or for Sale within the said City or the Liberty thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be marked with a large Roman M; and that every Person who shall make for Sale, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Loaf of any such Sort of Bread which shall be made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall not be marked as hereinbefore directed, shall for every time he, flie or they shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in manner hereafter directed, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Loaf of such Bread which shall not be so marked as hereinbefore is directed, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Person shall be convicted, shall from time to time adjudge.

VI. And be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Peace Officers, authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant) at sea-it may be seized sonable times, in the Day-tinje, to enter into any Hou/e, Mill, and duposed of $ho£, Stall, Bakehouse, Boltinghouse, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse or Ground, of or belonging to any Miller, Mealman or Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain, or dress or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale within the said City or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, and to take with him or them to his or their Assistance One or more Master Miller, Mealman or Baker, or Miliers, Mealmea or 10 Bakers,

Penalty.

I.oaves made of Meal of any

with letter M.

Penalty.

Magistrates, or Peace Officers by their Warrants, may search Bakers Premises, and if any adulterated Flour, See. found,

C. xclx.

A JE). 181J. 55° GEO. III.

1251

Bakers, and to search or examine whether any Mixture, . Ingredient or Thing, not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import or ought to be, shall have been mixed tip with or put into any Meal or Flour in the Possession of such Miller, Mealman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall be in any wise adulterated, or whether any Alum or other Ingredient shall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the Possession of any suchs Baker or other Person, whereby any such Dough or Bread is or shall be in any wise adulterated; and also to search for Alum or any other Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any , such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any such Search it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour,

Dough or Bread, so found, shall have been so adulterated by the Person m whose Possession it shall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient shall be found, which shall seem to have been deposited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour or Bread; then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, respectively within the Limits of their re*-spective Jurisdictions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated, and all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid; and such Part thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to iome Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of whole Jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized; and if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall make any such Seizure in pursuance of this Act, or to whom any thing so seized under the Authority of this Act shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so seized, shall have been adulterated by any unwholesome or improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or shall a«§udge that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid shall have been deposited or kept where so found, for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread 5 then and in any such case, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to dispole of the same, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall from time to time think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Mealman or Bakers in whose Baker, within the said City or Liberties, or the Weekly Bills of Mor- Eremites shall be tality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in whose House, ^ound Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Boltinghouse, Pastry Warehouse, Out- pJour.Vc. house. Ground or Possession, any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall after due Examination be adjudged by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have been deposited there for the Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Consession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay on ewy such Conviction any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty

penalty.

C.xcix.

1252

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Pounds, or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such ^Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the City, County or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order (unless the Party or Parties charged with any such Offence shall make it appear- to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall find or seize any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, or before whom the lame shall be brought, that such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture was not nor were brought or lodged where the same was or were found or seized, with any Design or Intent to have been put into any Meal, Flour or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal, Flour or Bread, but that the same was or were in the Race or Places in which the same shall have been so found or seized as aforesaid, for some other lawful Purpose); and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be so forfeited, and shall be paid or recovered. ObstruAine any VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Search or the jshall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as hereinbefore is Flou^&c orin- authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough gredienttoadul- or Bread, or of any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture which terate it. shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged

with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholesomeness of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or resist any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being - made pursuant to this Act, he, she or they so doing or offending in

any of the cases last aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, on being Penalty. convicted thereof, forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding Ten

Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think lit and order: Provided also, that if any Person making orho shall make Bread for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall at any time make Complaint to any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or

nfllty, shall have their Jurisdiction, and make appear to him or them by the Oath of been occasioned any credible Witness, that any Offence which such Person shall have } ne u been gjjnfgpj with, and for which he or she shall have incurred and paid auy Penalty under this Act, shall have been occasioned by or through the wilful Act, Neglect or Default of any Journeyman or; other^v^t.employedby or binder fuftiPersonTo

acyfuuh Mtgi&nte or M&ggrtes,

I f any Baker shall make it -appear that any Offence for which he shall have pvd lJc-

Def'ault of a Ser rant, M.igiffnue may order Servant to make Recompense, See.

C. xcix.

AwD* Y815. 55° GEO. III.

1253

Justice or Justices, may aitd is or are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or respective Hands and Seals, for bringing any such Journeyman or Servant before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace acting in and for the City,

County, Division or Place where the Offender can be found; and on any such Journeyman or Servant being thereupon apprehended and brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, ne or they, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof thereof upon Oath to the Satisfaction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall hear such Complaint, then any such Magistrate or Magis-.trates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby directed and authorized, by any Order under his or their respective Hand or Hands to adjudge and order what reasonable Sum of Money shall be paid by any such Journeyman or Servant to his Master or Mistress as or by way of Recompence to him or her for the Money he or she shall have paid by reason of the wilful Act, Neglect or Default of any such Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Journeyman or Servant shall neglect or refuse, on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of the Sum of Money which any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall order him to pay by reason of such his said wilful Neglect or Default, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is or are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the City, County,

Division or Place in which such Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or convicted, to be there kept to hard Labour for any imprisonment. time not exceeding Six Months from the time of such Commitment, as to such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall seem reasonable, unless Payment shall be made of the Money ordered, after such Commitment, and before the Expiration of the said Term of Six Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Loaves hereafter Weight of the

mentioned, of every Sort of Bread which shall be made for Sale, , evera* Sorts ef within the said Cities or Liberties, and the Weekly Bills of Mor- of

tality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall always re weigh, in Avoirdupois Weight, as follows: that is to say, every

Peclc Loaf shall weigh Seventeen Pounds Six Ounces; every Half Peck, Eight Pounds Eleven Ounces; every Quarter Peck Loaf,

Four Pounds Five Ounces and Half an Ounce; every Half quarter of a Peck Loaf Two Pounds Two Ounces and Three Quarters of an Ounce; and every Pound Loaf, Sixteen Ounces; and that every Baker and Seller of Bread shall cause to be fixed in some convenient Place of his or her Shop, a Beam and Scales with proper Weights; Scaleiand and that any Person or Persons who may purchase any Bread of any w*'ghts such Baker or Seller of Bread, mav, if he, she or they shall think Biead°if reproper, require the same to be weighed in his, her or their Presence. quired.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Baker or Seller of Bread Negle&ina. within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange,

4 L 3 who

C. Xtijfc

I254

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Penalty.

Short Weight.

Penalty.

Proviso.

who shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales in some convenient Part of his or her Shop; or to provide and keep for Use proper Weights, or who£g Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight; or who shall refuse to weigh any Bread purchased in his, her or their Shop, in the Presence of the Party or Parties requiring the same; he, (he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Magi (Irate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall think fit.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Baker or Seller of Bread within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, who shall fell or offer for Sale any Bread in his, her or their Shop, or who shall deliver any Bread to any Customer or Customers, deficient in its due Weight according to the Weight of the several Loaves as are hereinbefore directed respectively to weigh, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Ounce deficient in Weight, and so in Proportion for any Quantity less than an Ounce, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall think fit: Provided always, that no Baker or Seller of Bread shall be liable for any Deficiency in the Weight of any Bread, unless the same shall be weighed, and the Deficiency of the Weight thereof ascertained, within Twenty four Hours next following the time of the same having been baked; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend or to include such Bread aB is usually made and fold under the Denomination of French or Fancy Bread or Rolls.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Master, Mistress, Journeyman or other Person respectively exercised or employed in; the Trade or Calling of a Baker within the City of London or Liberties thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall on the Lord's

w__________ Day or on any Part thereof, make or bake any Bread, Rolls or

Nine"till Two on Cakes, of any Sort or Kind; or shall, on any Part of the said Day, Sundays. excepting between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon

and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon (o), on any Pretence whatsoever, sell or expose to Sale, or permit or suffer to be sold or exposed*to Sale any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind; or bake

or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Victuals, except as hereinafter is excepted; or in any other manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, save and except so far as may be necessary in setting and superintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's baking; and every Person offending against the last mentioned Regulations, or any One or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery hereby allowed between the Hours aforesaid, otherwise than within the Bakehouse or Shop, and being thereof convicted before any Joffice of the Peace of the City, County or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, within Six Days from the CdOxhiffion thereof, either upon she View off ffueh Jnitice, on CofffeAon by

Proviso for French Bread.

Bakers shall not bake Bread or Rolls on Sundays; nor fell Bread, nor bake Meat, Pies, &c. except from

C. xcix.

Forfeiture, Penalty and Puni foment hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, for the First Offence the Penalty of Ten Shillings, for the Second Offence the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every subsequent Offence respectively the Penalty of Forty Shillings, and shall moreover upon every such Conviction bear and pay the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution; such Costs and Expences to be assessect, settled and ascertained by the Justice con-viding; and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Justice shall think proper to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for loss of Time in instituting and following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and to be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for his, her and their own Use and Benefit; and the Residue of such Penalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parifo or Parifoes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty and of the Costs and Expences aforesaid, be not paid within Fourteen Days after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Justice shall and may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default or Infuihciency of such Distress, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, on a First Offence for the Space of Seven Days, for a Second Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a Third or any subsequent Offence for the Space of One Month, unless the whole of the Penalty, Costs and Expences be sooner paid and discharged: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for every Master or Mistress Baker, residing within the Limits aforesaid, to deliver to his or her Customers on the Lord's Day, any Bakings until Half an Hour past Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day (a), without incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Act contained. (a) [See 34 G.3. r.61. § 2.3

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall follow or be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Meal-man or Baker, shall be capable of acting, or shall be allowed to act as a Justice of the Peace under this Act, or in putting in Execution any of the Powers in or by this Act granted; and if any Miller, Mealman or Baker, shall presume so to do, he or they so offending in the Premiles, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Eiloin, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. And, for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by Disobedience to this Act, and the Powere herein contained, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor of the said City of London for the time being, or any Alderman of the said City, within the said City or the Liberties thereof, and to and for any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any One of them, within their respective Counties, Divisions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Liberties or Jurisdictions

I2JS

Penalties.

Recovery and

Application

thereof.

Distress.

Bakings may be delivered till Half-p^ft Two on Sunday.

No Miller,

See. to act as a Justice in the Execution of MU

Penalty.

All Offences against this Act may be heard and determined in a summary Way by Magis-t rates within their respective Juridif&ions.

I25 c. xcix. 55* GEO. in A.D. 1815.

dictions, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to hear and determine, in a summary Way,

I all Offences committed against the true Intent and Meaning of this

Act, and for that Purpose to summon before them, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, any Party or Parties accused of being an Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in case the Party accused shall not appear on such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default, then, Oath. upon Oath by any credible Witness, of any Offence committed

contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in case he, (he or they shall not appear, on Notice being given to or left for him, her or them at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, or if he or they cannot be apprehended on a War- rant granted against him, her or them as hereinbefore is directed,

then and in any such case any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, on Oath as aforesaid, and which Oath every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer; and after hearing the Parties who shall appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, such; Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall convict or acquit

Penalties may be the Party or Parties accused; and if the Penalty or Money forfeited

a jei ied by Distress on any such Conviction shall not be paid within the Space of Twenty

«td Sale. four Hours after any such Conviction, every such Magistrate or

+Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall thereupon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals respectively, directed to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and thereby require him or them to make Distress of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders within such their respective Jurisdictions, to satisfy such Penalty or Money forfeited and the Costs of the Prosecution and Distress;

and if any Offender should convey away his Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices,

before whem he was convicted, or so much thereof that the Penalty

or Money forfeited cannot be levied, then some Magistrate or Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender shall have removed his Goods, shall back the Warrant granted by any such Magistrate or Justice, Magistrates or Justices as aforesaid, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited shall be levied on the Offender's Goods and Chattels by Distress. Distress and Sale thereof; and if within Five Days from the

Distress being taken, the Penalty or Money forfeited and Costs shall not be paid, the Goods seized shall be appraised and fold, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Prosecution, Distref and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascertained by the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have been so consided, or by the Magistrate or Justice who backed th* Warrant, if

C. xcix. 1257 A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

either of them shall continue alive, and if not by some other Magistrate or Justice of the City, County, Division or Place, in which the Offender shall have been convicted, on Application for that Purpose to be made to any such Justice; and for want of such Distress, then every such Magistrate or Justice, within whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Proof on Oath made of the Conviction and Nonpayment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, Division or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be found, there to remain for the Space of One Calendar Month from the time of such Commitment; unless after such Commitment Payment shall be made of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, and Costs and Chartres, before the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid to the Informer.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any one within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined, and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Witness and Witnesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable times as in such Summons shall be fixed, and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time by such Summons appointed, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or Refusal, then (after Proof upon Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned) every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Witness or Witnesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of any such Witness before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and Empowered to examine upon Oath every such Witness; and if any such Witness, on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without offering anyiuft Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons, so refuting to be examined, to the Public Prison of the City, County, Division, Liberty or Place, in which the Person or Persons so refuting to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days, -as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall direct.

For want of Distress, the Offenders to be committed for One Month, un-leis Payment be sooner made.

Power to sum* mon material Evidences, and to compel Appearance.

Witnesses to be examined on Oath;

and on Refusal may be committed for any Time not exceeding 14 Days.

C. xcix.

55° GEO. Ul

A.D. 1flij.

Perjury.

Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who flwH take any Oath by this Act directed to be taken, or be examined on Oath by virtue or in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully foHwenr himself or herself, or shall at any time afterwards wilfully break any such Oath, every such Person shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment or Information, according to due Course of Law; and if convicted, shall be subject and liable to the Pains and Penalties which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any Person shall be con-vided in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

BE it remembered, That on this it j U Day of

Certiorari, &C.

Perrons aggrieved by the

to wit. J -- Day of in the

Year of the Reign of A. B. is

convicted before Majesty's Justices of the Peace

for the said County of for, for the

Division of the said County of

or, for the City, Liberty or Town of

as the case shall happen to bc-\, for and

do adjudge him, her or them far the same

may be], to pay and forfeit for the same, the Sum of Given under the Day and

Year aforesaid.,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Lettew of Advocation or of Suspension, shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall

Judgment of any think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrate or Magistrates, J-uftice or Justices, before whom he, she peal to the^next or tey &all have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty from General Quarter tame to time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or General Sessions, Sec, Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of such Judgment fhdl in such case be suspended; the Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance at the time of such Conviction, or within Twenty four Hours after the same shall be made, with Two sufficient Sureties, in Double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Efred, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Deterauaation of the Justices at their laid next General or General Quarter Session^ which Recognizance the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justjpe or Justices, before whom such Conviction fhdl be had, is and hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorizednd required to for and finally determine the Matter of ev^such '

If the former Judgment be affirmed the Appellant to pay

Recognizance.

C. xcix.

confirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall immediately, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards, pay down the Sum he, (he or they shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the said Justices in their said General or General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in Default of the Appellants paying the same, any Two Justices or any One Ma* gift rate or Justice of the Peace, having Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she or they shall reside, fltfll and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals or his Hand and Seal, commit every such Appellant or Appellants to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Division or Place, where he, (he or they shall be apprehended, until he, (he or they shall make Payment of such Penalty, and of the Coils and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Con vision, or shall compound in respect thereof with the Informer, and pay the Composition Money agreed on to the Informer 5 but if the Appellant or Appellants m any such Appeal shall make good his, her or their Appeal, and be discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or Informers, who would (in case of such Conviction) have been entitled to the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; and which Costs shall and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in like manner as Costs given at any General or General Quarter Sessions are recoverable.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction shall happen to be made within Six Days before any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be held for the City, County, Division, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where such Conviction shall have been made, then the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may, on entering into a Recognizance in manner and for the Purposes before directed, be at Liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or General

8uarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such ounty, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the City, County or Place, where the Matter in dispute shall anse, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others aSing in Obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices of the Peace, acting under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act; and that no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced agamfl, nor shall any Writ be sued out or Copy of

HJ9

down the Forfeiture and Costs;

and on Default to be committed.

If Judgment be reverled, and Appellant discharged, Costs to be awarded agamfl the Informer.

If Conviction shall happen to be within Six Days of the Sessions, Appeal may then»e made to the Sessions following.

Limitation of Actions.

24 G. 2. c. 44. extended to Magistrates, &c. acting under Authority of Act.

Notices.

C.y

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

General Issue.

any Writ be ferred upon any Peace Officer or Officers for any thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Seven Days after a Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intending to commence such Action, which Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the Cause of Action or Complaint; and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and may, by virtue of this Act, at any time within Seven Days after any such Notice shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining or to the Attorney named in such Notice; and if the same is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced; and if upon Issue joined on such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdict for the De-Defendant reco- fendant or Defendants; and in every such case, or if the Plaintiff vexing to be shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment allowed his Co s. j)e given for t}, e Defen(jant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited by this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Cods; but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants, or any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleacted, they shall then give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Cods against every such Defendant or Defendants.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any other Person or Persons than a Justice or other Peace Officer, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or if a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases by Law, for the Recovery of his, her or their Cods.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted, That no Person shall he. convicted of any Offence under this Act, unless the Information in order for such Conviction shall be exhibited within Fourteen Person* convict- Days after the Offence committed, except in cases of Penury: and a a noth'afait to n9FeTfMyrhQ shall be prosecuted^to Cpnviftipii &r any CJftflce

Plaintiff recovering entitled to Damages and Costs.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Limitation of Actions*.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III. C. xcix, c;

done or committed against this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Law.

XXIV. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflisted, and the Application of which is not hereinbefore directed, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted either by his, her or their Consession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof, or in case there be no such Person informing, then the whole thereof shall go and be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Party convicted, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall in his or their Discretion think fit.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any thing herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend, in any way to affest, lessen or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of London; or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of the said City; or of the Wardmote inquests of the said City; or of the City or Liberties of Westminster; or Borough of Southwark; or any Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leets; or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place, which may be exercised and enjoyed by them, or any of them, by virtue of any Charters, Bye-Laws, Prescriptions, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Grants or Acts of Parliament (except so far as relates to the Assize of Bread, and the Regulations of the Price and Weight thereof); but that all such Rights and Privileges shall be held, exercised and enjoyed by the Parties respectively entitled thereto, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same were held, exercised and enjoyed before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and immediately after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

Cap. c.

An Act for draining and allotting Otmoor, in the County of Oxford.

[12th July 1815.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, § 35.

12(5l

other Prosecutions.

Application of Penalties.

Proviso f« r Rights and Privileges of City of London, &c.

Commencement of Act.

Public Act.

Pr. C. 1 — 6.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815. 1262

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N. B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Agmondesham otherwise Amersham, in the Counties of Buckingham and Hertford.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Headon cum Upton, in the County of Nottingham.

[23d March 1815.]

Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, § 26.

Cap. 3.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Heydon, in the County of Essex.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Smallburght in the County of Norfolk.

[23d March 1815.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Tything of Havdfr in ths Parish of Tately, in the County of Southampton.

[23d March 1815.]

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 7 — 15.

iadj

Cfl/. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke next Nay I and Nay land, Wiston otherwise Wiffngton, Affngton and Poljtcad, in the County of Suffolk.

[2d May 1815.]

K Vicar of Wtfion other wise JViffington not to grant Leases of Lands " unless Consent of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as Patrons " of the said Vicarage, § 34.

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dundry, in the County of Somerset.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Manby, in the County of Lincoln.

[2d May 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, § 24.

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Caton, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Redgrave, and Hamlet of Botesdale, in the County of Suffolk.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Riciingball Superior, Rickinghall Inferior and Htndercley, in the County of Suffolk.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 23.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weston Market, in the County of Suffolk.

[2d May 1815.]

Cap. 14*

An Act for vesting Part of the Residuary Estate of Hannah Silcock Widow deceased, in Trustees upon Trull to sell and dispose of the same, and to lay out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages and other Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand other wise Strand otherwHe Savoy, formerly the Estate of James Joye Esquire deceased, in Trustees, upon the Trusts in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and thirty five declared concerning the same Hereditaments.

[12th May 1815.]

P* C. 16 — 25.

55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Cap 16.

An Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Burton in Kendal\ in the several Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster, and for converting the same into Stinted Pasture.

[12th May 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, § 29. 31, 32. 35.

Cap. 17.

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Lands and Grounds within the several Titbmgs of B our ton, Easton, Horton, Nurjled and Week, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of Wilts.

[12th Aflory 1815.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Shipley, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Grajby, in the County of Lincoln.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Brodsworth, in the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

Allotment to His Majesty, J21. Allotments and Compensations

u for Tithes, § 24. Extract of Award containing Description of

" Allotment to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be sent to

" Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, § 47.

Cap. 21.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dewlish, in the County of D'Orfet.

[12th May 1815*3

Cap. 22.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Melfonby, in the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 23.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Brampton, Wath upon Dearne and Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 24*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ned on otherwise Weight on, in the County, of Norfolk.

[iath May 1815.]

Cap. 2$.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Coif combe, in the County of Sorfo, .[1 aril May 18x5.}

55° GEO. III. Pr. C. 26 — 35. 1265

Cap 26.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of South Rundon and Holme otherwise Rundon Holme, in the County of Norfolk.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Appletreewick, in the ParifR of Burnfal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th May 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, § 18. 31.

Cap. 28.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hilperton and Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Miferden otherwise Miferdine, in the County of Gloucester.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for inclosing the Marsh Common otherwise Salt Marsh, in the 34 G* 3* c* Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester. repealed.

[12th May 1815.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for inclosing Harwich Moor, in the Parish of Dean % in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Stansfeld, in the Parish of Half ax, in the County of York.

[25th May 1815.]«Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, § 26. Vicar of Halt-" fax not to lease Lands without Consent of His Majesty, his Heirs u and Successors as Patrons of the said Vicarage, and of the Arch-" bishop of York for the time being, § 29. His Majesty's Right to " Tithes not affected, § 53.

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Lordship of Wither-Jlack, in the County of Westmorland.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. 34*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Rumworth, and Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[25th May 1815.]

Cap. 35*

An Act for inclosing Wifewood Common, in the Parish of Ecclesjields in the County of Torn.

[25^ May i8if*J

55 Geo. III. 4M Cap.

Pr. C; 36 — 42. yj'GEO. in.

Cap. 36.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thornhill, in the Parish of Thornhill, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[25th May 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, § 27.

Cap. 37.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangeinwen and LlanbccPr Newborough, in the County of Anglesey.

[25th May 1815.]

u Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forest9 and Land Rete.

" nues, or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenues, to " appoint Assistant Commissioner, § 5. Allotment to His Majesty, u $28. Commissioner to make Extract of Award containing De-" feription of Allotment to His Majesty, and Map of such Allotment,

" and tran£mit same to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, &c.

4t or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, § 49. His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before or after Execution of " Award, § 50. Proviso for His Majesty's Right to Mines, &c. $53.

Cap. 38.

An Act to carry into Effect the Contracts made for the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates of the Most Noble Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle, situate in the Parish of Saint Clement Danet, in the County of Middlesex, and to supply the Defects occasioned by the Loss of the Conveyances thereof to the Purchasers.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, in the County of Somerset, of Sir Henry Strachey Baronet, in Trustees upon Trustee to be sold, and for investing the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the former Uses; and for enabling the Trustees to concur in making a Partition of such of the same Estates as are now held by Sir Henry Strachey and other Person* j in undivided Shares.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Sutton, in the Parish of KHiwicl, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 41.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hutton Roof, in: the Parish of Kirlhy Lvnfdale, in the County of Westmorland.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 42 -

An Act for inclosing Lands intbeTarish of JSrtadfall, in the County Y*

ABotmea»i*4 Compact* far Titl-fcM,

AiDi i8ij[i

55° GEO. III,

Pr. C.43 — 5a.

1267

Cap 43*

An Act for indoiing Lands in the Manor of Hartlebury, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the County of Worcester.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 44.

An Act for indoiing Lands in Brampton, in the County of Derby.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 45.

An Act for indoiing Lands in the Parish of Hindringbam, in the County of Norfolk.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap 46.

An Act for indoiing Lands in the Manoro of dston Rogers and Comedy in the County of Salop.

[7th June 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithe?, § 23.

Cap. 47.

An Act for indoiing Lands in the Township of March am, in the Parish of Marcham, in the County of Berks.

[7th June 1815.]

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, § 23. 26.

Cap. 48.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act of His present Majesty, 54 G. 3. c. dx. for indoiing Lands in the Manors of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, in the Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson and Cricklade Scunt Mary, in the County of Wilts.

[7th June 1815.]

Cap. 49.

An Act for indoiing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Wil-lefden, in the County of Middlesex.

[7th June 1815.]

Allotments and Compensation for Tithes, § 44. 49.

Cap. 50.

An Act for indoiing Lands in the Parish of Upton Lovell9 in the County of Wilts.

[14th June 1815.]

An Act for inclofin] Ferry, Wretton, I of Norfolk.

Cap. 51.

Lands in the Parishes of Stole otherwise Stole Terebam and Hamlet of Winnold, in the County.

[14th June 1815.]

Cap. 52.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty for inclofo*^53 G-3- c.«lk..and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Lordship of AfwM Kelpy, in the County of Lincoln.

[14th June 1815.]

4 M a Cap.

*?48 fr*

W.JW9-W-

APrlflU.-

See 43 G. 3-c. 156.

46 G.3. c.79.

See 47 G. 3. Ssfl*. a. c.cxiv.

See 47 SefT.a.

G. 3. c hi.

An Act for empowering the Trustees under the >Vfll of Jam# Milnes Esquire deceased, to effect a Partition of the Eftyes vy hereof undivided Shares were devised by such Will.

[22d June 1815.]

Cap. 54.

An Act to enable the Devjfees in Trust and Executors named in the Will of William Nunn Esquire deceased, to grant Leases of hit Residuary Leasehold Estates.

[22d June 1815.]

Cap. 55.

An Act for dividing arid allotting the Common or Commooty of the Lomonds of Falkland, in the Parishes of Falkland and Strathmiglo in the County of Fife.

[28th June 1815.]

Cap. 56.

An Act for enabling the Sfte of all or any Part of the Stock* already transferred in Redemption of Part of the Annuity of Six thousand eight hundred and seventy Pounds, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, granted by King Charles the Second to Henry first Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Stocks which shall be transferred in Redemption of the Remainder of the same Annuity, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes.

[4th July 1835.]

Cap. 57.

An Act for veiling the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Burjlem, in the County of Steward, in Trustees for Sale; and for applying the net Monies thence arising, in providing a Par-fonage House for the said Restory, and in the Purchase of other Elates to be settled and annexed thereto.

[4th July 1815.]

Cap. 58.

An Act for vesting certain Hereditaments devised by the Will of, Thomas Skip Dyot Buck nail Esquire deceased, called The Dyot Estate, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fzpne Uses, [4^ X^I50

Cap. 59.

An Act for uniting the Vicarage apd Rectory of Bishopstone, in the County of Wilts, and within the Diocese of Salisbury, into oiie Restory, with Cure of Souls.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 60.

An Act for exonerating certain JCitj^in the Manor of Shireoaks, in the Parish. of Ifqrjfop, in th? County, of Nottingham, from the.

A.D. 1815. 55° GEO. III.

iV. C. 6r^/*8.

rzfip

Cap. 61.

An Act to ettaSle ftie Lord Bishop of Wmhtfter to g>afit Lesfles0(3.3. of Lands allotted to him Under dn Act of the Fiftieth Year of c. ccxviii. His present Majesty, for disafforefting the Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton; and for inclosing. the open Cdmmonable Lands within the Caid Forest.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 62.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Boynton Barone^, in Trulteei t6 be sold, and for applying the Produce in the Purchdfc of other fishftetf to be settled to the Fdrtie t)fbs da the Estates so fold.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 63.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Settled Estates of jinn Powell Widow, and Elizabeth Parry; and for laving out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 64.

An Act for enabling Nathanael Bishop Esquire, to carry into Execution certain Articles ot Agreement for a Building Leaf? of a Part of his Lttled Ellate in the Parish of Saint Mary JJlington, in the County of Middlesex, entered into by him with Robert Clarke Gentleman, and Henry Richardson Gentleman.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 65.

An Act for exchanging certain Fee Simple Estates of the Reverend John Dumpier Clerk, in the County of Somerset, for certain Settled Estates of the said John Dumpier and Mary Charlotte his Wife, in the same County.

[6th July 1815.]

Cap. 66.

An Act for effectuating an Agreement for Sale of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rector of the Parish Church of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, for the Use of the Royal Military jifylum.

[11th July 1815.]

Cap. 67.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chitternc Saint Mary so <3^ ct xg. and Chitternc jill Saints, in the County of Wilts, and for repealing PR. an Act passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Chitternc Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts.

[12th July 1815.] /

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, § 20, 21, 22. 27. s

Cap. 68.

An Act for enlarging and repairing the Parish Churches of Eof and Weji Tcignmouth, in the County of Devon; and for authorizing the Sale of diver3 Hereditaments in East and Westfiign-mouth, Islington, and Highweek, in the said County /'and for discharging the Expences to be occasioned thereby.

---

[12th July 1815.]

1270 Pr. C. 69, 70, 71. 55° GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Cap. 69.

An Act for better carrying into Execution the Trusts of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent.

[12th July 1815.]

[See 46 G. 3. c. cxliii.]

Cap. 70.

An Act for vesting in a new Trustee upon the subsisting Trusts, certain Estates of John Mason Esquire, deceased, now vested in Infant Trustees.

[12th July 1815.]

Cap. 71.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks.

[12th July 1815.]

[See 52 G. 3. C. 124. 53 G. 3. C. 158.]

[Index removed.]

