THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

48 GEORGE III. 1808

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth, Law Bookseller, in Fleet-Street.

1808.

[Price 18s. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

48 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills. Page 1

2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Pensions; and for re-granting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 6

3. An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 31

4. An Act to authorize the advancing, for the publick Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proposition of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes; and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt. 33

5. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies. 37

6. An Act to continue, until the End of this Session of Parliament, several Acts for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America. Ibid.

7. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Page 38

8. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Vear of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy. Ibid.

9. An Act for abolishing the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London. 39

10. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Licences granted for distilling Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, and for better preventing private Distillation. 40

11. An Act for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguese ships. 42

12. An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty Seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported. 43

13. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Lake, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Lake shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late General Viscount Lake. 44

14. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 45

15. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

16. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended. 51

17. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for warehousing in Ireland Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations. Ibid.

18. An Act for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace. Ibid.

19. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Malls, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free. 52

20. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying ou the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and to the allowing the Importation of Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador. Page 52

21. An Act to empower the Commissioners appointed for distributing the Money paid by the United States of America, to withdraw the same from the Bank, and invest it in Exchequer Bills. Ibid.

22. An Act for making perpetual several Laws relating to permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies; the Importation of Salt from Europe into Quebec in America; and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets. 53

23. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the more effectually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking on the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven. 34.

24. An Act for further continuing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain, of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships. Ibid.

25. An Act for farther continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Ibid.

26. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council. Ibid.

27. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions. 73

28. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated. 74

29. An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland. 80

30. An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies. 81

31. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens to certain other Tokens which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Circulation of the said last mentioned Tokens. Page 83

32. An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or Secured, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid. 85

33. An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits Bark from Great Britain. 94

34. An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain. 95

35. An Act for imposing, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a Duty on Cotton Wool, the Growth of the British Colonies, exported from Great Britain. Ibid.

36. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt. 96

37. An Act for making valid certain Orders in Council, and Warrants of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Entry and Warehousing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned therein; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cases; and for enabling His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Vessels whatever. Ibid.

38. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills. 97

39. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 98

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nine. Ibid.

41. An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain other Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland. 99

42. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like Articles. 112

43. An Act to suspend, until the Eleventh Day of June One thousand, eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively. 124

44. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland before Bond given for the due landing thereof. 125

45. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant-Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. Page 26

46. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

47. An Act for quieting Possessions and confirming defective Titles in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in Manner therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown during the Incumbency of their Predecessors. 127

48. An Act to enable His Majesty's Post-Master.General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin. 130

49. An Act for accelerating the making up, Examination, and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces. Ibid.

50. An Act to suspend the granting of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, for One Year after the passing of this Act, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament. 134

51. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 135

52. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. Ibid.

53. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

54. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

55. An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes. 136

56. An Act for abolishing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers and certain Officers of Excise, 177

57. An Act for increasing the Duty on Corks ready-made, imported into Great Britain. 181

58. An Act for amending the Law with regard to the Course of Proceeding on Indictments and Informations in the Court of King's Bench in certain Cases; for authorising the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants issued for Offences committed in England; and for requiring Officers taking Bail in the King's Suit to assign the Bail-Bonds to the King. Page 182

59. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Brunswick Wolfenbuttel. 184

60. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the First Year of King James the First, intituled An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather; and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other Acts of Parliament relating thereto. 185

61. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the publick Expenditure and the Conduct of the publick Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned. 186

62. An Act for the making perpetual several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

63. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year at His present Majesty's Reign for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland. 189

64. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland. 190

65. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Building and Rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations, in Ireland. 193

66. An Act for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in Ireland. 201

67. An Act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 207

68. An Act for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas. 208

69. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port and from the Coast of Africa into the said Colonies and Plantations. Ibid.

70. An Act to provide that British Ships which shall be captured by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships. 213

71. An Act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Session of Parliament, for carrying into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Warehouses in which they have been secured on Importation; and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland. 214

72. An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forests. Page 215

73. An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster. 217

74. An Act for the better Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain. 231

75. An Act for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for such dead Human Bodies as may be call on Shore from the Sea, in Cases of Wreck or otherwise. 243

76. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. 247

77. An Act to enable His Majesty to vest the Right of Appointment of Master of the Free School of Londonderry in the City and County of Londonderry, in the Bishop of Derry for the Time being. Ibid.

78. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof. 248

79. An Act to amend the Two Acts for the collecting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster. 254

80. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coffee imported. 258

81. An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland. Ibid.

82. An Act to make perpetual and to amend several Acts for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland. 266

83. An Act for raising the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland. 270

84. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue of Customs. Ibid.

85. An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Session of Parliament. 275

86. An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. Ibid.

87. An Act for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing others in lieu thereof; and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches. 276

88. An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum in England. 281

89. An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of Publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts. Page 285

90. An Act to enable the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, respectively, to send and receive Letters and Packets on the Business of their Offices free of Postage. 287

91. An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of Publick Expenditures in the West Indies, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts. 288

92. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money issued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed. 289

93. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the First Year of King James the First, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares; and also to repeal an Act of the Third Year of King George the First, relating to Gamekeepers. 290

94. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Session of the First Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, Act for preferring the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares. 291

95. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation. Ibid.

96. An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunaticks, being Paupers or Criminals in England. Ibid.

97. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 304

98. An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, and on Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Post, or otherwise, in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties. 305

99. An Act for depositing Prize Goods liable to Duty in Warehouses under the Care of the Officers of the Customs and Excise, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Consumption. 312

100. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Foreign in Conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in Conjunction with the British. 315

101. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Way over a Lane or Road leading across the Exercising Ground in front of Chatham Lines, and for vesting the Soil thereof in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. Ibid.

102. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. Page 315

103. An Act for further extending the Provisions of several Acts, for establishing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank, to advance the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 317

104. An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas. 324

105. An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Case of Good Hope. 354

106. An Act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen, and may arise, from the Expiration of Acts, before the passing of Acts to continue the same. Ibid.

107. An Act to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Residues of Sums due under certain Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to the Persons entitled thereto. 355

108. An Act for carrying into complete Execution and Effect certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Compensation to the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as far as respects the Compensation to John McClintock, and William Foster McClintock, Esquires, Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the said Court of Exchequer. 357

109. An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories, on the Continent of South America. Ibid.

110. An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 360

111. An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. 387

112. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 412

113. An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Persons appointed by them,) to sell or exchange Ground that has been occupied by old Court Houses, Gaols, or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon. Ibid.

114. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 413

115. An Act to grant to His Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland. Page 413

116. An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the Island of Madeira, and to and from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America. 414

117. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and stained, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 415

118. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, for a limited Time. 416

119. An Act for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Great Britain, according to the Strength thereof. 417

120. An Act for reducing the Excise Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa warehoused shall be subject to the Regulations of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warehouses. 418

121. An Act for reducing the Duty of Customs on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption. 420

122. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks; and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners. 421

123. An Act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain Cases. 423

124. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. 425

125. An Act to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, and Flour, from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the British Islands in the West Indies. Ibid.

126. An Act to permit Goods secured in Warehouses in the Port of London to be removed to the Out-ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe, for empowering His Majesty to direct that Licences which His Majesty is authorised to grant under His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State; and for enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Vessels of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law, during the present Hostilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace. 426

127. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages. 428

128. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Paymaster-General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and settled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts. Page 428

129. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons stealing privily from the Person of another; and for more effectually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Person. 430

130. An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Under Writers, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne. 431

131. An Act for further continuing until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture. 443

132. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majesty's Navy, to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act. Ibid.

133. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament. Ibid.

134. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags and Pockets of Hops. 444

135. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houston and Company to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall James Mac Dowall, and Robert Houston Rae, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland. 445

136. An Act to indemnify all Officers and Persons who have carried into Execution any of the Provisions of an Act passed in this last Session of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets. Ibid.

137. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. 446

138. An Act for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland. 448

139. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 452

140. An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District of Dublin Metropolis. Page 452

141. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collection of the same. 459

142. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to grant Life Annuities. 475

143. An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable Liquors by Retail; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 518

144. An Act for the more effectual Protection of Oyster Fisheries and the Brood of Oysters in England. 523

145. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices. 524

146. An Act for vesting the Stock of the Court of Session in Scotland in Trustees, for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice, and a publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 526

147. An Act to permit the Sale of the Danish Prize Ship Constantia Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall. 528

148. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eightand for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. Ibid.

149. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof. 535

150. An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. 636

151. An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords. 640

152. An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain. 647

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton in Teesdale, to the Gate in the new Inclosures, called The Edge, in the Parish of St. Andrew's Auckland, and a Branch therefrom to Eggleston Bridge, in the County of Durham. Page 658

ii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Publick Passages in the City of Winchester, and several Parishes in the Suburbs thereof, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein. Ibid.

iii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation. Ibid.

iv. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurst-Green to the Extent of the Parish of Burwash, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Scale Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk. 659

vi. An Act for enclosing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

vii. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Northallerton, through Thirsk and Easingwold, to Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk to Topcliffe, in the County of York. Ibid.

viii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works to purchase certain other Water Works and to amend an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said East London Water Works. Ibid.

ix. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. Ibid.

x. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby. Ibid.

xi. An Act for completing the Improvement of the Port of Bristol. Ibid.

xii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Easington, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Barnsley Canal navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; and for increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted. Page 660

xiv. An Act to continue several Acts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Aberbrothock, in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

xv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Roundhay in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Minera, in the Parish of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

---

xvii. An Act for regis*'ing the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to complete the same. Ibid.

xix. An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts of His present Majesty,* for amending the Road from the Town of Biddenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fever/baih % at Boundgatly in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xx. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for better afielHng and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. 661

xxii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of King William the Third, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Gilcsy and Newton in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary's in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Act. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Turo Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Barton Waterside House to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxv. An Act to continue the Term and alter ami enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the West End of Gainsborough Bridge to East Retford and to Gringley-upon-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place called Hobmoor Lane End. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging, the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molefcnfty to Kendell House, and from Molescroft to Bainton Balky in the County of York. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of several Acts for repairing thg Road from Corlijk to Penrith*

{Local & Personal)

and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cum* behind, Page 661

x\.i. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Aft# of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, to Dithchiling Bujl Hills, in the County of Sujpx; and for amending the Road from Ditcheling Bojl Kills to BrighthAmfione, in the County of Snfsex,6C2

six. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A etc, passed in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the Couuty of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town, of Birmingham. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Worksworth Turnpike Road, in the Ilamlet of Jde ridge hay, to the Town of Dufield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxvii. Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to Langley Mill, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Cross, in the Towidhip of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn. for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the BLckurn and Prfion Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the time relate to the Two Districts of Roads* therein described, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to Hinging Bridge, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for iocloling Lands in the Parishes of Gay wood and Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Haleb am, Stillington* and Shipley, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing the Road From the Turnpike Road at IVrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfione, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and CheficrfAJ Turnpike Road, to Bunt] 117field Nook, in the County of Derby; and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross, in the saul County. 663

xxxix. An Act for incloOng Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton nixt Walsingham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xl. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John of Beverley and of Slidby, in the EaR Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xli. An Act for building a Bridge over the river Nefi at Invert! J}, widening certain Streets, improving the present Harbour, extending

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police, and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh. Page 663

lii. An Act for regulating the Police of the liarony of* Gorbals, in the County of Lanerk; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and Passages thereof, erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse. therein, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Manchester$ in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glas* gow and Places adjacent with Water. 664

xlv. An Act for paving, cleansing, watching, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other publick Places, within the Town of Ferntoy, in the County of Cork, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing a proper Police in the said Town. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayry to a Place called The Troon, in the said County. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Troony situate on the Weil Coast of the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for making a navigable Cut from the Eall Sides of the River Tecs near Stockton into the said River near Portrack, in the County of Durham; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton and the Sea. 665

xlix. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several, Acts relating to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation. 666 I. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Codjhealh, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

li. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debt9 within the City of Rochijler, the Parish of Stroodf and several other Parishes and Places in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maid]}one to Key Street, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

Iiii An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to and through the Town of slnjaby, and from thence to the Town of Kiri Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kinzfion-u0on- Hull. Ibid.

liv. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act for repairing the Road from Kinro/s, in the County of Kin-rofiy to Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan. Ibid.

Iv. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Athy, in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Cafilecomer, in the County of Kilkenny, and to the Town of Leighftn Bridge, in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of CajVe comer. Ibid.

lvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Thr«c Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairin^the

{Local & Personal)

Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Wo rtf of, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads in the said A ds mentioned, so far as the Tame relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Workfdp. Page 667

Ira. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and*

Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of BHdworthy to the Colliery* near Pinxton Green, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

JraL An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Workfopy b the County of Nottingham^ to Atterclisse, in the County of York.*Ibid.

fix. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield % in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

he. An Act for amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining Roads from Percy*s Croft to Milfield Bum, and from Wooler to Bowfdon Burns in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers 6f Two Acts, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Welle, in the County of Kent, to Ringlet Crafty near UckJUldy in the County1 of Sussex. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge across the river Avonf in the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Foflon Bridge, through the Town of Grantham9 to the Division Stone on Witham Common, all in the County of Lincobiy and for repealing several Acts relating thereto. 668

Ixiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield to Nether Tabley, in the County of Chester, and for making a new*

Road from Births to Macclesfield aforesaid. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for the more effeduatly repairing a certain Road called The Wailing Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned* in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. Ibid.'

lxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Keyherry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldonf. and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour 9! Torquay, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for amending the Road from Shrcnvsbury tp Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chcjlery and federal other Roach therein mentioned, so far as respects the Chefhr District of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxviiL An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wettsy in the Cotfnty of Kent* to Swiftfden, and from Prant to Pojfingwrth Great Wood; and 4? Geo. III. b for

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

for amending a certain Piece of Road, communicating with the said Roads. Page 668

lxix. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for measuring, searchingi and sealing Cloth, in the ^Vest Riding of the County of York, under Two A6fcs of, His present Majesty..Ibid.

ltx.sAn Act to alter and amend an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, to regulate the Pjrice and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to the: Weighing of Bread to he baked and fold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, ' and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exrhange* 669 lxxi.- An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of Two former Acts relating to the Use of Hotfe Hides in making Boots and

Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof^ and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

lxxii. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord he Dcfpcneer, in' the Cqunty of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for substitilting and settling other Estates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the said settled Estates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same. ' \*673

kxiii. An Act for vesting the detached-Estates, deviled by tho* Will of the late Henry Hervey Stylon, Esquire, in Trustees, upon Tmft to fell the lame, and to lay out the hioney arilulg

from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other EiUtes. Ibid.lxxiv. An Act for enabling John William Spicer, Esquire, ' to gfent

Building Leases of Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington [ Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years. Ibid.

fccxv. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke, Esquire, and the Trustefes of his settled Estates. Ibid.

lxxvL An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rents, and Tythes', in the Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, Part of" the Estates

settled by the Will' of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and to enable the Devisees under the same Will to enfranchise certain customary Estates holden of several Manors, in the said Counties, settled by the same Will, and for applying Part of the Money arising from such Sales and.Enfranchisements in paying off certain Legacies given by the said Will, and vetting the Remainder in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

kxvii'. An Act for enabling the Governor and Directors of the*Hospital for Poor French ProteHants and their Descendants

raiding in Greiit Britain, to grant such Part of the Scite of the 1 B.iildings and the Lands belonging to the said Hospital, or such Part thereof as they shall think proper, upon Building Leases. 674 wlxxViii. An Act for inclufing Lands in the Manor of Kirkby / honfdale, in the County of Westmorland. Ihidt

lxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chipping Milton

m^Rilcbesler9 in the County Palatine of Lantasler*.Ibid.

(Local & Personal,) 48° GEO. III.

Inoc. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bawdefwell and ling, in the County of Norfolk*'^Pag* 674

kin. An Act for inclosing Lands in" the parish of Scotter, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

kuii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothbury, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

luxni. Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abergele, in' the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

k&xiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bodham, in the County of Norfolk.' /bid*

lx xxv. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Wicklewood, in the County of Norfolk1 Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain. Streets and other publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Pancraiy in the County of Middlesex. IMd*

lxxxvii. An Act for lighting, matching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes, ' and other /publick Paflsges and Places, in the Town of Beverley, in the County of York. 67 c

lxxxviii. An Act for the mdre easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the 'Hundreds^of dlfejlbury, Warminster, Heytesbury, and Damerbajn South, in the county of Wilts..Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for the better and more eafyidJuityHrig of the Town of Chudletgh, in the County of Devon; for determiningJ Difference* touching ftoufes demolished by the late Fire there; 4nd Tor preventing future Danger by Fire. Ibid.

xc. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers', of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Church Lanefxn, the Town of Newajlle-under* Lyne, in the county of Stafford, to the Rhad from Woor\o Coffer* near Namptry\chr in the Chiflity' oi'Ctifcff ai^AotheV; Ro^A therein hieutionedl,'* /' 'V1 A!* J> fy* ' Md*

xci. An Act for continuing the Term, 'apd sftisenhgv and % enlarging the Powers, of an Act of His present Majest^for repairing the Road from Rotlcfbani to The Four Lane Ende^ near" Worthy, inihe West Riding of the County of York*.v '^, % / Ibid.

icii-An Act forjmaking and maintaining a Road from the Romford uod-Whitcchafcl Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex* - Ibid.

JciiL An Act for vesting in new Trustees certain Estates and Property in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have hot been fold or^disposed* of under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, / v v. Ibid.

iciv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the r Parish of Slone, in the County of Stafford^ - '* ' Ibid.

xcv. An Act for inclosing [finds iij, tfre Parishes of Mqrden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton' Saint Nicholas i and Witifoghm, $k<d^ertaih Chapelries, Townships, and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.' */4A/.'

icri. An Act to enable the Commercial Insurance' Company of Dublin to sue, and be filed, in the Name of their Secretary? 6fS acvii. An Act for Wfciig more effectual'Trovifiou* for maintaining,

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Lute, in the County of Middlesex. Page 676

xcviit. An Act for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of djhton-under-I.yne^ in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and within the Town ships of Stay ley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Chc/ler. Ilid % cix. An Act to enable the Company ot Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal t6 supply with Water the several Towns, Districts, and Places therein mentioned, and to amend the several Act* relating to the said Canal. Ibid.

c. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for making a new Road (tom the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ci. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Brighthelmstone Road at Pyecomhc to the Cnckfidd Road at Staphfield Common* and from Pyecombe to the Henfield Road at Poynings Common, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cii. An Act for empowering Trustees to sell and convey the Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of John Crofter* Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in tKe Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

ciiL An Act for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Iferoa of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of York. 677 civ. An Act for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick-upQU»T<weed. Ibid.

or* An Act for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His present Majesty, as (elates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and levying a Conversion of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire. Ibid.

cvi. An Act to continue Two Acts of the Parliament of Ireland* for the Improvement of tire Harbour of Drogheda. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex* to take do, wn the present Shire Hall or Sessions House in the Town of Lews* and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Sessions House in a more.convenient Situation within the said Town. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining certain Lowlands lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln* to the Sea. 678

cix. An Act to arpend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull. Ibid.

cx. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Township of Woherbhmpton, and in several Parishes and Places therein* mentioned, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

{Local & Personal)

cxi. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His present Ms*fr, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at ilenley-upon-Homes, in the County of Oxford. Pare 678

era. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers <u Two Acts for repairing the Road from Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March-, krn. 679

cxie. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford, to the Divihon Stone in South Witham, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

air. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act for repairing the Road from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke. Ibid.

civ. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates deviled by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thvrlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling, the same to the Uf?& of h» Lordship't Will. Ibid.

mi. An Act for enabling the Matter, Warden, FcHtfwt, Brethren, Siliers, and Scholars of the College of God's Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Estates belonging to the same College, in the said Chunty, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned. Ibid.

arii. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of War-.nck, Middlesex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catherlougo, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold, and for invetting the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherlough, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Banket, Esquire, dgpeaied, to change the Order of Sale of % h^ Real Estates, late of the said William Banket, and for enabling the Devisees under the Will of the said William Banket, to grant Leases of such Part of his Estates aB shall remain unfold. Ibid.

tux. An Act for vesting Part of the settled and devised Estates of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for. Sale, and for settling the remaining Part of the said settled and devised Estates in the Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

cu. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Piter Legh, Esquire, deceased, to grant building and repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Warrington, and in the Townfjup of Bhakley near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and to ac. cept Surrenders, and for appointing of new Trustees, and for other Purposes* 680

cxxi. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Firflf Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to perpetuate and better regulate the Charitable Foundation of Do8or Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bifitep of Waterford and Lismore, in the City of Waterford, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trusts and Powers contained in the Settlement executed,

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

on the Marriage of John Amphlett Esquire, with Eliza 'Ann hia - Wife. P*g*

cxxiii. An Act to enable, Nathaniel Lee y/tfan Esqrtire, and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands at'and near Hackney % in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of the late1 Baptist Lee Esquire.v. »' 'Had.

cxxiy. An Act for vexing the Share of Thomas Knight CooLvm Infant, of and in the Euates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight' Clerk, deceasea, in Trustees upon Trust, to carry the Contract*

entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the same, and for investing the Money to arise therefrom under the Direction of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Lands to be conveyed to the Use of him the

laid Thomas Knight Cooky and his Heirs.Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectudl ari Exchange made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two,

between William Mellish - Esquire, deceased,: and Charles Mellish Esquire, his eldert Son, also deceased, and the -Vicar of Blythy in

the County of Nottingham, of Lands'and Hereditaments of the said William Mellish and 'Charles Mellish, in the Parish of Blythy

for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to enable John Holton Vtrey Devisee for his own

Life in JPorteflion of certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates situate

at 'or mear/A*urn in the Parish of Hampstead, in the County of

mtddlesex, under and by virtue of the WHl and Codicil of Holton Vere late of Saint Martin's Laney in the said County of Middlrfexx Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leases of the same Estates

# for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years. Ibid.

cxxviu. An Act for enabling Sir Oswald Mofley Baronet, »to gnint

certain; Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish'of*Mdnchester, in the County- Palatine 'ofduhncasler, ' for the* Purposes of the

Manchester publick Infirmary, ' -Dispensary, Limatick Hospital, and Asylum, and for vesting tlieProperty and Effects belonging to the said Charity ijf Trust^eVfor the Benefit thereof.*' 681

cxxviii. ^An'/AftVor/incldfing'Lands in the Parish of IValdington, in.*the County of- Oxford. \'; -, 4*..Ibid.

cxxix. An Act fen* inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hath erf age* in" the,

" Co\mty of 'B&byf' Ibid.

cxxxV An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Chertsey and

Manor of Chertsey Beo'mondy in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

Cxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Parish of Saint

Afaphy in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not withiiV

the Franchise of Rhuddlan, in the said County of Flint. Ibid.

cxxxit. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Horton, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cxxxtii.'An Act for allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chase*of

Charnwood, otherwise Charley Forest or Chase an{l Rothley Plain,

in thfe County of Leicester.'. -682T

cxxfci'V An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Kitiyjlqn-

upon: Thames and Itnivorlh, othct&ife /rtihereourt, in the County of Surrey, and for Tellktav Partof fucVLands for the Purpose of providing' a Court -House and Market House for the said Town. Ibid.

CXxxv. An Act for iriclofino Land! in the Parish of Check ley, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cxxxvw An

{Local & Personal)

cuxvi. An Act to amend Two Acts, so far as relate to supplyinj? the City of Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of, the £nd City, and the Regulation of 'Pilots and Vessels uiing the same; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court held in the said City for the Recovery of Small Debts.* Rage ($2

cxrxvii. An Act for supplying: ^ith Water the inhabitants of the Borough of Colthester, in the County of EJex. Ibid.

nxxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road between, Lippocl and Rake, in the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for repairing _ the Roads from Tauernfpite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston flaking, and from Lon?eJion Mountain to Canhfion Bridge, in the County of Pembroke. 683

cxl. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into-between the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advtiw* fbn of the Rectory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridgej Part of the Possessions of the See of Elvf for the Red^ory of Burgaie, in the County of Suffolk^ vested in the said John Tharp. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Right Honourable, Philip Earl of HarHwicke, situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, upon Trust, as to certain Parts which have been con* trafted to be (old, to convey the same, to the respective Purchasers, and as to the Residue, in Trull to sell the same, and for inverting the Purchase Monies under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the x fatneUfes. Ibid.

cxlii. 'An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the LordBHhop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon. Ibid.

cxliii.* An Act for vesting in Trustees, the Personal Estate of the Reverend Richard Daniel, Mailer of Arts in the University of Dublin, and making-them a Corporation for the Purposes of carrying into the charitable Designs and Intentions of the: \V ill of the said Richard Daniel, Ihtdi

cxliv. An Act -for yelling the *Fee Simple of the Estates devised by the Will of\Edward Carefwell % Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees for the charitable Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in Ireland, for the better Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, and for the better Government of the Seminary established at Maynooth for the Education of such Persons, so far as relates to the Purchase of Lands and compounding Suits.*Ibid.

txlvi.' An Act for supplying the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the 1 County of Ke$t, with Water, and for amending so much of an Act of the last Session as relates to the Erection of a Market House in the said Town, 684

T!vc TITLES of the STATUTES,

cxlvii. An Act for repairing the Road from Milford to Stain torn f' and to Merlin'* Bridge, and from thence to Carilet Bridge, and to '1 the Top of Merlin*s Hill, in the County of Pembroke. Page 684.

cxlviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford^ and in the Township of LuJlonf in the Parish of £ye9 in the said County; and for paving, and otherwise improving the Streets and other publick Places within the Town of Leominster, in the said County. Ibid.

cxlix. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the President and Scholars of Si. John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford, and Christopher Hull of Foot/cray, in the County of Kent» Esquire. Ibid.

d. An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Lila tea of Jeffery Pawl Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

cfi. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Paulin Hugget* an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money a riling therefrom in Part Discharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon. Ibid.

C&i. An Act for inclosing Lands' in the Parish of Kirk Smtaton, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cliii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough and Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for vetting the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, Within the said Borough and Parish, in Trustees for certain Purposes. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England\ lor Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure9 Countess of Loudoun, his Wife, situate in Scotland* including the Cattle of Loudoun. 685

dv. An Act for vesting an Estate called Killingwarth Farm, in the County of Northumberland, being an Estate deviled by the Will of Thomas Bonnet Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, y for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Rettdue of the Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

clvi. An Act for vesting in Samuel Robert Gauffen9 of North Mimmsp in the County of Hertford, Esquire, a Messuage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, in North Mimms aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to he settled to the same Uses as the Estate fold. Ibid.

clvii. An Act to prevent the Right of Presentation to the Redtonr and Parish Church of Stmonbvrn, in the County of Northumberland from lapsing for a limited Time. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for inclosing Land, in the Parish of Atmeflty, in Ihm County of Nottingham*

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

2. An Act for inclosing Hands in the Township of Aldbrmsgk, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

3. An Act for melding Lands in the Manor of EJftngton, and Parish of Bujkhnry, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the rarish <of Hor It on, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Tarring, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Sussex.

6. An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Right Honourable W'Matn Wyndham Lord Grenville, and Ann Batoneis Grenville» his Wife, and a Parsonage House to be built on the said Lands, in the Rector for the Time being of the united Pari (he* of Boconnoc and Brad dock, in the County of Cornwall, in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Boconnoc+ and certain Glebe Lands belonging to that Part of the said united Parishes called Boconnoc.

7. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Cullean, and other Hereditaments, situated in the County of Ayr, which belonged to, and were entailed by David, ' late Earl of CafftUis, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts coutrafted by him and his Predecessors, Hill owing and affecting, or which may be made to affect the said entailed Ell ate; and for creating a Fund for the Purchase of other Lands and Heritages to be entailed in (ieu of the Parts and Portions so fold.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Clophill, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Fetherstone, in the Parishes of Haltwhistle and Lamley, in the County of Northumberland.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangunnog and Uanjlepban, in the County of Carmarthen.

it. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of I fell, in the County of CumberlandL

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of livetshall Saint Margaret, and Tivetjball Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in Orlingbury, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in Irthlingborough, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Quam, otherwise Quamdon, in the County of Derby.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Prome, Oakley, Thrandefton, Taxley, and Eye, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Priorfdean and Cd$tur, otherwise Cclemort, in the County of Southampton.

m

tffee TitflES of the Stf ATtfTES, 8, 1

'*. fjcii

18. An Act to enable the Reverend Thomas )a Beckett, and hit Issue 'f Mak'i to take die Name, and bear the Arms of Turner, puliiiant '. s to the Will of Martha Turner, Widowj deceased.

19. An Act for naturalising Charles Frederick* Pafchoud.

4 b; An Act §>r crtipo^enng tlife Judges of the Court of Session V in Scotland to fell such Pacts of the entailed Estates of Carbijloii.and JPitcairly', in the Counties of Ayr and Fife* in Scotldtidr be- longing to James C4fheart, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same.

21. An Act to amend an Act of rfis. present Majesty for inclosing and draining Lands within the Honor, fylauor, and Parish of Wormegay, in the Coftnty of Norfolk. tJ

ii.- An Act for indoling Lands in the Parish of Luton, in the County of Bedford*..'1

2J^ An Act for inclosing North Heath Common, in the Parish 6f Palbortotgh, in the County of Sussex* 1

*4*- An Act for iifcloiing Lauds in the Parish of Bredon, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

*J. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cartnud,

n the County Palatinfc of Lancaster.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Eafingwold, in the Noitly, Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Cover ham % in the North Riding of the County of York.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Tow'nships or Liberties of Womborn, Orton, and Swindon, in the Parish of ffom» lorn, in the County of Stafford.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in Blisworth, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of SwinrJheaJ, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish oi Winterbourne Wajle» otherwise Monckion, in the County of JDorset.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winterbourne Abbas, in the County of Dorset.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hanlerton, in the County of Wilts.

34. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating froift Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Strelleyywd Bilborough, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Byford, in the County of Hereford.

'36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Wr/hnorAand*.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

37. An Act for hicloling Lands in the Parishes ol Cley next the Seas and Field Dulling, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harfingion, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

30. An Act to alter, amend, and explain an Act of His present

(Lad 5s* Prrfmpli net printed,) 48° GEO/ IIIi

lor inclosing Lund? in the Parish of Llandtnidtn, in the C.cirr of Carnarvon.

1: h Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chute % in the County: T: Ju.

a. ab AA for inclosing Lands in the Parish of djhmanhaugh9 z ifce County of Norfolk*

& An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ncat\jhcady in lifCoaaty of Norfolk \

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of north iVdlJbarA £; Felmingham^ in the County of Norfolk

An Act for inclosing* Lands in the Parish of Bishopflronv, in the County of Wilts /. and also a Common' Patture, called Pitmeadj h the said Parish, and the Parishes of Warminfer, Norton Bavant* ad Sutton Veny9 in the said County.

iy' An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton -cum - Chaheyt b the County of Buckingham.

£ An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of dflon Upthorpe % aid in the Parish of yfjton lirrold, in the County of Berks,

4*. An Act for inclosing Lands in Great Crogl'm % in the County J Cumberland.

i\ An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Clanton and Richland, in the County of Norfolk.

Ur An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Codford Saint, P: itr, in the County of Wilts, yu An Act for naturalizing John Henry $UiH*

51. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick UJln. c

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Saighton9 id ae County- Palatine of Chtfer..ft An Act for inclosing Hands in the Parishes of Detrhufft and Lye, otherwise Leigh} in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

Ji. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of LangforJ, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford; or one of them.

ft An Act for embanking the Salt Marshes in' the Parishc* of Friction and Butternvick, in the County of Lincoln, and for'in.i doling the same, and other Lands within the said Parishes.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

j5. An Act for vesting tKe settled Estates of John fngle and Margaret his Wife, in Trustees to be ft>Jd, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to* be.faded to the same Uses as the Estates fold.

ft. An Act for enabling the Heirs of Entail in Possession for the Tune being of the Lands and Ettate.of Rath'etnurchur, in the County of Inverness, North Britain^ under, the Authority of the Court of Session, to contract for the Side of the Fir Woods grouping (hereon, and for the better Execution and Fulfilment of the Powers Conditions contained in the Deed of Entail affecting the said Landa'and Estate. 1

}S. An Act for'altering and amending an Act of, His present Majestyi for inclosing Lands in the Township of Fulbourny in the County of Cambridge.

jp. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wartfley, in the County of Huntingdon, and for allotting Lands in the Parish of Gatdingaj* in the CJounty of Cambridget

fc. An Act for allotting and dividing Lands in the Parish of Girton9.»tfo County of Cambridge, /

XtfSi The TITLES of the STATUTES.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Fylingdates, i the County of York.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Markhan in the County of Nottingham,

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Portchester, other wise Por'chefer, in the County of Southampton

64. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-ferentli Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Mano: and Township of Hillam, in the Parish of Monk Fryston, in tin West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Parish of Skeghy. in the County of Nottingham.

[Allotment to the King in Compensation of his Title in right of thi Crown, to Herbage, Covqrt and Layer for his Deer and Beqjh in his Forest of Sherwood, over the Manor or Parish of Skegby.J

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tregrug, in the County of Monmouth,

67. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Fulmodcfton with Croxton, Stibbard, Little Ryburgh, and Great Ry burgh, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing a certain Warren called Sherfeld Warren, in the Parish of Sheffield English, in the County of Southampton,

69. An Act for naturalizing Albertina Haafe and Sophia Haafe,

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the rarish of Gamfton, in the County of Nottingham,

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llan-bedrog, LlanfihangeU Bachelleth, Llangian, and Llaniejlyn, in the County of Carnarvon.

72. An Act for vesting the Real, Freehold, and Chattel Estates and Lands, which formerly belonged to William Birmingham, late of Rofshill, in the County of Galway, Esquire, decedfed, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies,

' and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales, after Payment of such Debts and Legacies, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, to be limited and settled to the several Uses and upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

73. An Act to enable the Executrix and Executors in Trust of the Will of Alexander Deane to grant Leases of Lands and Grounds in the City of Cork, and in the Liberties of the said City, and to

1 applyKe Rents and Profits thereof to the Uses of the said Will.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ardington, in the County of Berks, and in the several Parishes, Tythings, or Hamlets of East Hendrtd, West Hendred, Bast Lockings, West Lockinge, and Steventon, in the same County.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Little Somerford, in the County of Wilts,

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Charles Massy with Mary Anne Rofslcwin his now Wife, and to enable him |o many again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned'.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Cemey, hr the County of Gloucester.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quadragesimo octavo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-first Day of January 1808; being the Second Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAP. I.

An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

[27th February 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations Should be established in relation to the making out, *ifilling, and

paying off all Exchequer Bills which may hereafter be ifiiied for the raising of any Money under the Authority of Parliament be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Powers Powen hereby

and Authorities by this Act given to the Commissioners of the Trea- giwn toCoamuf-

fury maybe used, exercised, and executed by the High Treasurer S?*? °* hm

for the Time being, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and all Orders and Directions given Quorum.

+by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in relation to any Matter or Thing mentioned in this Act, upon which the Commissioners of the Treasury are empowered to give any Order or Direction, shall be as valid and effectual as if given by the Whole of such Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Exchequer Bills of this Act, all Exchequer Bills which shall hereafter be made forth, shall be midpout under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, shall be prepared and made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Method and dkre*1 Form as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think most lafe and convenient, and may contain one common Sum or* different Sums in the principal Monies: Provided always, that every by

1 48 Geo. III. B such the Auditor, &c.

C.t. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

such Exchequer BUI shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorised by the said Auditor to figu the same, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Writing under their Hands; and that every such Authority shall be duly registered in the proper Office for the I flue of Exchequer Bills, and Notice thereof published in the London Gazette, before any Exchequer Bills, signed by virtue of such Authority, shall be put into Circulation.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the said Exchequer Bills so to be prepared and made out, either of one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies therein contained, shall be respectively numbered arithmetically, beginning with the Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression afctnding, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be one.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct any Exchequer Bills to be made out, it shall sufobe lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, at any Time or Times thereafter, to

f've Directions for paying off and discharging the Principal of such xcheauer Bills, or any Part thereof, with the Interest thereon, out of the Monies applicable by Law to that Purpose, at such Time and in such Manner as to them shall seem most convenient and beneficial to the Publick Service.

Interest (h*n be

V. And be it further enacted, That the Interest which shall from allowed on Bill* Time to Time he due upon any Exchequer Bill or Bills whrch may be hiit not hereafter issued and which shall be made payable in Part of any Rein Hand* of Col- vcnue» Supply, Aid, or Tax, shall be allowed to all Persons, Bodies kftors, &c. Politick and Corporate, paying the same to any Receiver or Collector, Receivers or Collectors, of any of His Majestyk Revenues, Supplies, Aids, or Taxes, to the respective Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid: Provided always, that no Interest shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bill or Bills during the Time any such Bill or Bills so paid shall remain in the Hands orany of the said Receivers or Collectors, or in the Hands of any Teller or Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

When such Bill*

VI. And, to the End it may he known for what Time such Bills arc paid in, Par- 4 bearing Interest shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of such tie* <h*D write*Receivers or Collectors, or in the Receipt of the Exchequer as afore-«heirN*mes and < fajdhe it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall the Pate thereon.^any or hearing Interest to any Receivers or Collectors of any of His Majesty's Revenues, Supplies, Aids, or Taxes, shall,at the Time of making such Payment on each Bill bearing Interest, and so paid, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon in Words at Length the Day of the Month and Year in which he, she, or they so paid such Bill or Bills bearing Interest; all which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively, and also the respective Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to which respective Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall he allowed again the Interest which he or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective Bill or Bills, upon his or their paying the lame into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid.

BakfhsM*

Bumpered

Srithmeriofly.

Coarse of Psymenu

I

A.D. 1808.

C.i.

3

4«# GEO. III.

VII. And It is hereby further enacted, That all the said Exchequer Treasury shall di-B31s shall be prepared and made out with such Cheques, Indents, or Cheques, ln-Ccratdmb, as dull he directed by the Commissioners of the Trea-say; and that the Person or Persons appointed, or who shall be appointed to par off the said Bills, shall from Time to Time have the 1/fe and Custody of the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, from which the said Bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or 'forged Bills; and that all the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, mall be delivered back into the Receipt of the Exchequer, when the said Bills shall have been paid off, cancelled, and discharged, and the Account thereof shall have been audited and allowed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Bills de&ced shall any of the Exchequer Bills shall by any Accident be defaced, it shall he exchanged, be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time to cade a new Bill or^ new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of the Bill or Bills which shall be so defaced, which Bill or Bills so defaced shall be cancelled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Purpose; and such Bill or Bills so to be made forth in lieu thereof, shall have a like Currency, and shall in all Respects be subject to the same Rules, Methods, and Continuance as the Bill or Bills so defaced, and shall bear the same Numbers, Dates, and principal Suras, and carry the like Interest as was borne and carried by the Bill or Bills so cancelled rel

i be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on forge or counterfeit any Exchequer Bill, or any Indorsement or Writ- forging, &c. sag thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeited Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfoil In- mthout

dorfement or Writing thereon, or shall demand to have such coun-fcerfeit Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money or for another Exchequer Bill, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, knowing the Bill so tendered in Payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the l&dor&ment or Writing thereupon or therein to be forged or count* erfeited, and with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, pr the Persons to be appointed to pay off the same, or any of them, or to pay any Intenefl thereupon, or the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall contract or circulate or exchange the same, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate; then every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall Tusser as in Cases of Felony without -Benefit of Clergy,

X. And whereas, by reason of the Multiplicity of Payments Trtafinyinayap*'which may be to be made in paying off Exchequer Bills, it may be porntFaymafteia,

difficult, if not impossible, that every Payment should be made by the ComptroUej&c. ' several Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer 3 therefore, and to

' the End the Exchequer may regularly be discharged of all the Mo-'*

nks required by any Act to be applied for*paying off any Exchequer Bills, mid other Charges attending the same 3' be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall and quay from Time to Time, hj Writing under their Hands, constitute and appoint such Person

Ba

a&d

4

C.i

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

and Persons, as they shall think fit to be the Paymaster or Paymasters, and shall and may appoint a Comptroller and such other Officers and Clerks as they shall deem necessary, to pay off and discharge the principal Sums which shall from Time to Time be in course or Payment upon any Exchequer Bills; and to pay the Interest due thereupon, and the Premium or Premiums, Rate or Rates, which, according to any Contra& or Contracts made or to be made for exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or any of them, shall be due or payable to such Contractors; and to take in and put upon a File or Files, from Time to Time all such Bills as shall be paid off, to be cancelled, as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct; and to do and perform, or cause and procure to be done and performed, such other Matters and Things in relation to the said Bills, or the Principal and Interest therein'to be contained, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem meet, and shall be by them directed to be done and performed by such Paymaster or Paymasters, Comptroller or other Officers and Clerks for the Time being 5 all which Payments shall be made at an Office to be kept in or near the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for that Putpose; and that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall take orcauie to be taken Security from' every Person so constituted or appointed, for his duly paying, answering, and accounting for all the Monies which he shall receive, and for his true and faithful Performance of his Office or Trust.

PaymaAen liable

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Paymaster or Pay-to Controui or mailers shall be fubiefl and liable to such Inspection, Examination, Tteafuiy. Controui, and Audit, and to such Rules in Respect to paying, accounting, and other Matters relating to the Execution of the said Office or Trust of Paymaster, as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit or reasonable to establish or appoint from Time to Time for the better Execution of the Intent and End of this Act and the Satisfaction of the Proprietors of Exchequer Bills.

Tmfurymty

XII. And be it further enacted, That as well the Person or Per-settle Salaries tons constituted or to be constituted Paymaster or Paymasters, as also Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed to examine and aymatter, «c. controul the Receipts, Payments, and Acts of such Paymaster or Paymasters, shall severally have and receive for the Service of them-" selves and of the Officers and Clerks to be employed under them re-

spedlively, and for such Charges as shall be necessarily incident to the Execution of their respective Offices, such Salaries, Rewards, and* Allowances, as the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall judge to be reasonable and shall dire6fc, to be allowed to them the said Paymaster or Paymasters, or Comptroller, or to any other Person or Persons employed or to be employed under the Authority of this Act or of any Act or Acts of Parliament in relation to the making out or paying off Exchequer Bills; and it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons respectively to accept and receive any such Salary, Reward, or Allowance; any former Law, Statute, or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xresfary may

XIII. And for the better supporting the Currency of the said ontraa witheExchequer Bills, and to the End a sufficient Provision may be made Perfmw to circu-«for circulating and exchanging the same for ready Money, during such tc* Time as they or any of them are to be current; be it further en-

acted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, on his Majesty's Behalf, may from Time to Time enter into any Contract or Contra61efor obliging any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate,

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. I;

rate, who will voluntarily undertake this Service; at his or their own Cofb or Charges, to circulate and exchange at some Publick Office is Leaden or Westminster^ for ready Money, from Time to Time, fill such Bills as shall be demanded at such Publick Office during the Time or respective Times of such Contract or Contracts, by paying in ready Money, at their own CofU and Charges, upon every such Demand, or within Twenty-four Hours after, all the principal Monies coot&ned in every such Bill to be demanded, and the Interest which shall be then cue thereupon, and taking in the Bill so exchanged for their own Use, and being allowed a Rate or several Rates, not exceeding-such Sum per Annum as shall be fixed in any Ad authorising the issuing any such Bills respectively, as well for paying the said Interest at their own Costs, and also in Reward for their Service, upon all the said Bills so undertaken to be circulated; which said respective Rate or Rates shall be paid as is herein after mentioned; and the said Contract or Contracts mall be made in Writing, and registered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be made to endure for such Time and Times respectively as shall be agreed by the Contsadors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the Bank of England, shall not be disabled from being elected or from fitting and voting in the House of Commons, by reason of such Contracts entered into by them on Behalf of or for the Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause the Monies which shall from Time to Time grow due to such Contradors upon such respective Rates or Premiums, not exceeding as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Monies applicable by Law to that Purpose, which shall be issued to the said Paymaster or Paymasters as aforesaid; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken directly or indirectly by any of His Majesty's Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or by any of their Clerks, or by any such Paymaster or Paymasters, or by the Comptroller or by any of the Officers or Clerks under any of them respectively, from any of His Majesty's Sub-jeds, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done by them or any of them in relation to the making out, issuing, or paying off any of the said Exchequer Bills.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as any Interest upon any Exchequer Bill or Bills shall be demanded to be paid, the said Contfadors or Paymasters shall not be obliged to pay for such Interest to any lets Sum than One Penny upon such Bill, in case a Angle Bill be produced, or for the Total of the Interest of such Bills, where Two or more shall be offered at one Time by the same Person; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided alto, and it is hereby enacted, That in case Proof shall be made on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Lord Chief Baron and other the Barons of the Coif of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or any of them, that any Exchequer Bill Audi, by Casualty or Mifchaacc, have been

B 3 loft*

§15.

Governor, Sic* of the Bank, con-trtding, not disabled from being

M.P.

Payment of Butts to Contn&oct.

No Fmb to be taken.

No Interest payable to left than One Penny-

Relief for Bills kftorddhojedft

AJ3. 1808.

C. I)

48° GEO. III.

Bills discharged shall be cancelled, and Cheques destroyed.

loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the same shall have been paid off and discharged; and if by such Oath or Oaths the Numbers and Sums of such Bill or Bills shall be ascertained, and the said Chief Baron and other the said Barons or any of them, before whom such Oath or Oaths shall be made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied with such Proof 5 then and in every such Case the Commissioners of the Treasury are hereby authorised to cause the Money due upon such Bill or Bills so loft, burnt, or destroyed, to be satisfied by the said Paymaster or Paymasters, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be paid off 5 provided that the Person or Persons so receiving the Money do give Security to the King, to the good liking of the Person or Persons appointed or who shall be appointed as aforesaid to pay off and take in the said Bills, to pay m to the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Use of the Publick so much Money as shall be paid upon such Certificate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bilk so certified to be loft, burnt, or destroyed, shall be thereafter produced.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Exchequer Bills which from Time to Time shall be discharged and paid off, shall be cancelled and made void by such Person or Persons appointed or who shall be appointed to pay off and discharge the same; and that after the said Bills shall have been cancelled and made void, and the Accounts thereof shall have been audited and allowed, and the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils delivered back into the Receipt of the Exchequer, then it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to authorize and direct the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer to bum or otherwise destroy the said Cheques, Indents, and Counterfoils, as being of no further Use whatever to the Publick Service.

4 Act may be altered, &c. this Session, §20.'

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pen-lions and Offices in England; and for repeaffhg so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of {Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Peiifions; and for re-granting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th February 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland*

in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the Rates, Duties,

and Impositions, herein after mentioned: And do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

A.D. 1808.

7

48° GEO. III.

C.a;

same, That within and throughout that part of Great Britain oiled England*Wales and the Town of Berwick^ufon-Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which, in and by one Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Mat* Mum, Cyder, and Perry* for the Service of the Year One thou* fud seven hundred and sixty-one* was granted or continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and which, by federal subsequent Acts, has from Time to Time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be further continued, in like Manner, and shall be and is by this Act charged for or upon ail Malt which shall be made within that Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and Wore the Twenty* fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Malt, the Duty herein after mentioned, (that is to say): For and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three-pence, andfo propositionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively. Which said several and respective Duties by this Act granted and continued respectively, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments propositionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with Inch Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in all respects, not otherwise directed by this Act, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed in the said former Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any ox them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued; and that the same Act formerly made and patted, and the said other Act hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwise altered by this Act, shall be and continue in force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, feenring, and accounting for the Rates, Duties, and Impositions hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and propositional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Act, as fully as if the lame were particularly

Malt Dftty In England under 1 G.a. c. a. (last continued by 47 c. 3.)

farther continued tolU June 1809.

Duty on Malt ude in Scotland, Sd. per Bufael*

Dudes shall be raised as under former Acts.

8

C. 2.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

featcptw to

compounding for Dutiea.

S0, 000L shall be nifed in Scotland by £ud Duty of adperBofoel.

In Case ef Deficiency, a Surcharge shall be made on Malt-fen.

and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act; faye and except as to so much of the said Acts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as grave Power to the Commissioners of Excise, or to any other Person or Persons therein named, in England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by the said Acts or either of them; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.*And whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences of Management and Collection, shall be raised out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ for the Service of the Year

One thousand eight hundred and eight, by a Malt Tax, to be raised and levied as in England, by a Duty of Threepence per Bushel on all Malt made and confuroed in Scotland; and in case the said Duty of Three-pence per Bushel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by virtue of this Act, being duly surveyed and collected, shall not be sufficient effectually to raise and answer the said Sum of Twenty

thousand Pounds in nett Money, after all Charges and Deductions

whatsoever, that then such Deficiency shall be made good by a

Surcharge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in Proposition to the Malt they shall

respectively make between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine $' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, in case it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland by this Act, granted as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to answer the clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners of Excise, and the Officers under them, to make a propositional Surcharge upon all and every Person and Persons who shall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, or so much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by such Person or Persons respectively, as shall make good such Person or Persons propositional Part of such Deficiency; which said Surcharges shall be paid to the respective Collectors of the said Duties on Malt by the respective Persons on whom the same shall be so made, within One Month after the same shall be so surcharged, or in Default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, shall forfeit Treble the Sum upon him, her, or tlgjfi respectively fur-charged as aforesaid, to be recovered in such" Manner as the Duty of Three-pence per Bushel may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament herein-before recited or referred unto; which said Surcharge by way of additional Duty for making good the deficiency of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds (if any such Deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and settled as followeth; (that is to say), as the particular Quantity

A.D. 1808.

9

48° GEO. III. C.

& Malt made by each such Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland, v&n the said Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One tarfand eight hundred and nine shall bear Proposition to the whole Qffiffltity at Malt made in Scotland within the same Year, so the particular Surcharge to be made upon such particular Maltster or Maker ef Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency, shall bear Proposition to the whole Sum which shall be found to be deficient as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Rate of Three-pence per Bushel shall produce a greater Sum than the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds clear of all Charges of Management, the said Surplusage so produced over and above the said clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fisheries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, in such Manner as directed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Cases where the herein-before recited Act of the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Year which commenced from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, this present Act doth and shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland not to be consumed there, which at any Time or Times between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall in case the same shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the same shall be so brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-7'weed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Bushel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three-pence per Bushel in Scotland; and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than Threepence per Bushel, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt so brought into England; and in case the same be brought by Land, such Malt shall pais and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlisle, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than Three-pence per, Bushel by virtue of this Act; on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or

Payment

Surplus (if any) shall be applied to the Fisheries in Scotland under Id G. 1. e. ao.

This Act shall relate to the same Days of the Year as lG.3. c. a.

Malt brought from Scotland by Sea, shall be entered at the Pert of landing, and pay'Jd.per Bushel additional.

Malt brought by Land shall be entered, &c. at Berwick or Carlisle.

ia

C.

2.

4$° GEO. ifr.

A.D. 180l

Malt not so duly entered, &c. Hull be forfeited.

Maltsters, for every 2 0 Quarters of Grfin made into Malt, for Ex-

ratlou, shall allowed 00 QuartexsofMalt.

Malt shipped foT Exportation, and relanded, forfeited.

Every Steeping of Malt for Exportation Hall be kept separate till measurecL

Payment of Duties as aforesaid; and in case any Matt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, for His Majesty'fc Use, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be aind go to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform, seize, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection* Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be allowed to Maltsters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting, or watering the same, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said Thirty Quarters.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after the shipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every such Case all the Malt which shall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, (that is to say) One Moiety thereof j^fHe King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same $ and such Malt, so relanded, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

IX.*And whereas Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation

do frequently mix the Produce of Two or mdre Steepings of Corn or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation,

on or as soon as it comes off from the Kiln, by Reason whereof the

Officers for the Duties on Malt, cannot ascertain the real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Sleeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made use of

for Home Consumption, though the same has not been charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to

be be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her, or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been measured by such Maltsters

or

AiD« i^o^t

tt

4*° GEO. ttt. C. 2.

Maker* of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for tk Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pound*.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measurine of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same shall be ifnmedi-ately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or else shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehouse or other Place belonging to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity, or Direction, after any Steeping or Making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places in Manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or kind of Entrance into such Storehouse or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place and any other Place Or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Consent of, or without first having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places to be exported, has been really exported be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltster or Malfters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or any other Place or Places as is before directed, to be exported, shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, remove and clear out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof that at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight shall be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or other Place in order to be exported, and shall always from Time to Time, in every Fifteen Months, remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehousef or ia any other Place or Places that shall be made use of

by

Notice to Officers fcrf tilting Malt off Kilos*

Malt shall be immediately exported or stored. Penalty SOl.

Penalty on clandestinely opening Locks, &c. of Storehouses, 1001.

Maltsters having Malt stored on 24th June 1908, shall clear out Storehouse* of Malt for Exportation, within IS Months j

and foftomTi:to Time.

12

C. 2.

'A.D. 18d8.

Penalty 50I.

Persona booming Maltsters after 24th June 1808, shall in like Manner dear their Storehouses every 15 Months. Penalty 50l.

21 Anne, ft. 1. C. 9. feet. 18.

6 G. l.C. 91. «6.

48° GEO. III.

by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Person or Persons whatso-eveir that shall become Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehouse or Storehouses, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within Fifteen Months after the Beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt that at any Time or Times shall have been put into such Place Places, within Fifteen Months after he, she, or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places, and shall always from Time to Time remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place, to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever that within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall at any Time be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. 'And whereas, by a Clause in an Act made in the Twelfth

Year of the Reign of Her kte Majesty Queen Anne % intituled An 4 A3 for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mums Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirteeny and for makingforth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets lofty burnt,

' or destroyedy and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lottery Adsy and to tumjh the counterfeiting or forging of Lottery' 4 Orders; and for explaining a late A8 in relation to Stamp Duties on custi. mary Estates which pass by Deed and Copy; it was enacted that

if any Maltster gr Maker of Malt for Sale, during the Continuance

of the Duties on Malt by the said Act granted, should. tread, ram,

or otherwise force together in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch,

any Com steeping or deeped, in" order to the making into Malt,

every such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale should for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel of Com steeping or steeped, that mould be so pressed,

trodden, rammed, or forced: And whereas by one other Clause in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excifty Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and Hou/e Money, it was enacted and declared, that if,

from and after the Four and Twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, any Com in any Cittern or Uting Fat,

steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt by any Maltster or Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty

on Malt) was or should be found, so hard, close, and compact, as 1 it could not be unless the same had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the Rising and Swelling thereof, every Maltster and Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Dutr on Malt) where the same shall be so found, should in every such Case

forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Bufiiel for every Bushel of such Cora steeping or steeped, which should be found so bard, dole, and compact as. aforesaid; which said recited

4 Clauses

A.D. 1808.

C. a.

n

48° GEO. III.

'Ckufes have been duly continued, and are ftfll in force: Andwbrreas by the last recited Clause*no Penalty is provided where 1 Got tteeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, should be 'hand in the Couch so hard, clofc, and compast, as it could not be 'laleis the same had by some means or other been forced together 1 to prevent the Rising and swelling thereof; and the Penalties pro*nded by the said recited Clauses nave, by Experience, been found

forifectual to prevent the fraudulent Practice of pressing, treacting,

1 ramming, or otherwise forcing together in the Cittern, Uting Fat,

or Couch, the Corn or Grain steeping or tteeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, to the Prejudice of His Majesty's Reve- sue and Discouragement of the fair Traders Be it therefore enacted, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, any Corn or Grain, steeping or tteeped, m order to the making thereof into Malt, every f*ch hfaitfter or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the sum of Five Shillings for every Bushel of Corn or Grain, steeping or tteeped, that shall be so trodden, rammed, or forced together; or if any Cora or Grain iir any Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, steeping or tteeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, is or shall be found so hard, close, and compast, as it could not be unless the same had by some Means or other been forced together, to prevent the Rising or Swelling thereof, every Maltster or Maker of Malt, where the Tame shall be so found, shall in every such Case forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain, steeping or tteeped, which shall be found so hard, close, and compa& as aforesaid; and Proof being made thereof, the same shall be deemed conclusive Evidence of the Fad, and shall subject the Maltster or maker of Malt to the aforesaid Penalty of Five Shillings per Bushel.

XV. 1 And whereas many Maltsters or Makers of Malt do frau-4dulently convey away from the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting

Place or Utensil, Steepings or Part of Steepings of Corn or Grain

making into Malt, and mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed away

with and amongst Couches or Floors of other Corn or Gram making into Malt, which are then depending and then in Operation, that have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch, and in case the Officer has taken his Gauge of the Corn or Grain, steeping

in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, such Maltsters or Makers of Malt supply the Deficiency with Fresh Bar- ley, or other Corn or Grain, in the Absence and without the Privity 1 of the Officer, in order to prevent a Discovery of such Corn or

Grain having been conveyed away; and such Corn or Grain so 1 conveyed away and mixed by an artful and fraudulent Manner of working, seldom is charged with any Duty in the Floor; which Pra^ice is greatly detrimental to the Revenue and fair Traders For Remedy thereof, it is hereby enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or futter to be conveyed away from the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed

Penalty on forcing Corn together in the Cittern, See. to prevent its riling 5s. per Bushel.

[AndJet 46 G. 3. c. 139* §9.]

Penalty for fraudulently tonvey-ing from the Cif-tern, 8tc. Corn steeping and mixing it with Corn charged with Duty: fraudulently removing Corn to prevent a Gauge being taken, lOOL [And fee 46 G.3» C. 139. §10.]

A.D. 1808.

J4- C»*

48° GEO. III.

Pfcovjryof Jeaaltiea.

G. l.ft.1.

*7.

19 G. l. c. 9.

91 G. 9. C. 99.

veyed away with and amongst any such Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors, of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are then depending and in Operation, and which have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch; or if any M&ltfter or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or fufifer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Sleeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making intp Malt, so that no Gauge of such Corn or Grain so conveyed away cap be taken in the Couch by the Officer; then and in each of the said Cases every such Maltster and Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this Act, so far as the same relates to the said Duty on Malt, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by the lame Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, can pr may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, pr by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and that one Moiety of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the

Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for rdifing a Sum not exceeding rive hundred thousand Pounds, by charging Annuities at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Civil List Revenues, till redeemed by the Crown s and for enabling His Majesty9His Heirs or Successors

4 (by causing such a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) tq mate good to the Civil Lifts the Payments which shall have Been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery Tickets; and for discharging the Corporations for Affurance4 4 of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to His Majesty; and for making good a Deficiency to the East India Company; it was amongst other Things enacted, that it might be lawful for His Majesty to cause a Deduction to be made,

not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, out of all Monies which,

after the First Day of August9 should be paid for or upon all

Pensions and Annuities charged upon any of the said Hereditary, or Temporary Duties, and for and upon all Salaries, 'Fees,

and Wages payable for or in tefpeft of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, with certain Exceptions therein '^particularly specified: And whereas by one other Act passed in the ' Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of One Million, to be raised by way of a Lottery, the said Deductions ' were further continued for the rurposes in that Act mentioned;

' And whereas by one other Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

' An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights,

and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery,

«(a

l

A.D. 1ffo8.

48° GEO. III. C. 2f$

' to hi charged on the said Rates and Duties; it wai among other 'Ttings enacted, that there should be yearly raised, levied, and paid onto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One Shilli^ over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, for 'reiy Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Sala-Fees, and Perquisites, incident to or received for or in Respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, and the 'hie Sum of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of all Pen- Sons and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging 'to His Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum: And whereas by one other Act,

'passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to explain and 32 G. 2. c. 94.

1 amend an Act made in the lass Session of Parliament, intituled An Act

*/#r granting to His Majesty federal Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensionsf and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties f so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensons, certain Provisions were made for collecting and paying the said last mentioned Duty of One Shilling in the Pound: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twentyseventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An ajG.3.e.l*

4 AS for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise9 and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, 4 together with the other Duties compofng the Publick Revenue, for permining the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on

4 Lives to the Reduction of the National Debt, the said respective Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling were carried to and made Part of the

4 Consolidated Fund: And whereas much Difficulty, and many

4 Omissions, Inconveniencies, and Irregularities arise, in charging, deducting, collecting, and accounting Tor the said Duties of Sixpence

and One Shilling in the Pound respectively; and it is therefore expedient that further and more convenient and effectual Provisions

should be made for the deducting, assessing, levying, collecting, and

managing the same, and that the same should be consolidated; and for that Purpose, that the said several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the

4 First, and in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign

of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling, respectively, should be

repealed s* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited Sorh Putiofth#

Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirty-first and Thirty.

second Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the on Offices, &c.

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, re- repealed.

spectively, so far as the same relate to the said Duties of Sixpence

and One Shilling, respectively, shall, from and after the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, be,

and the same are hereby repealed; Tave and except as to the

levying, collecting* recovering! spid accounting for any Arrears of

stich

A.D. 1808.

16

Duties of 6d. and Is. in the Pound on Pensions and Offices, in lieu of Dutes repealed.

Continuance of said Duties, one Year from 25th March 1808.

Said Duties on Pensions, &c. shall be defied under Provisions of Aa 46 G. 3. a. 65.

C. 2. 48° GEO. III.

such Duties, or the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures which may have arisen, or been incurred, or which may be incurred in respect thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for and upon all Pensions and Annuities charged upon any of His Majesty's Revenues, or any Rates or Duties granted to His Majesty, or upon the Contingent Fund, Fees, or Incidents of any Office, or upon any Publick Monies, and also upon all Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for or in respect of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, upon, for, or in respect of which, before the passing of this Act, the said Deduction of Sixpence in the Pound was charged or chargeable, there shall be imposed a Duty of Sixpence in the Pound; and for and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites incident to, or received for or in respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit, and for every Twenty Shillings of all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain or out of the Contingent Fund, Fees, or Incidents of any Office, or out of any Publick Monies exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and in respect of which Pensions and other Gratuities before the passing of this Act the said Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound was charged or chargeable or made or liable to be made, there shall be charged a Duly of One Shilling; and the Payment of One of such Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively, shall not exempt or discharge any Person from paying the other of such Duties, if such Persons shall have been chargeable with or liable to pay more than One of such Duties by any such former Acts of Parliament.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said several Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, herein-before by this Act granted, shall be charged and chargeable for One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Duties before granted by this Act, of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, shall be deducted, afleffect, raised, levied, paid, and coue&ld, and accounted for, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and by the same Rules, Regulations, and Directions, and under such Provisoes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers, as far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, in relation to the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling, as are prescribed and expressed in an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parte of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more cjfe8ual the Provisions for eoUeSing the said Duties, with respect to the said Duties imposed by that

on Salaries, Fees, Wages, or other Perquisites or Profits accruing

7 by

A.D. 1808.

17

48° GEO. III. c.a.

hr reason of Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pdions, and Stipends; and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, sd Thing in the said lad-recited Act contained, and now in force f*h relation to the Duties granted by that AH, shall be in force and (as far as the same are applicable) to all Intents and Purposes, for deducting, afiesting, raising, levying, collecting, securing, and accounting for the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling so br this Act granted as aforesaid, and for levying and recovering all Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred in- respeH thereof, as fully and effectually as if the lame were particularly repeated io this Act, and made Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the federal Commissioners authorised to act in the Execution of the said recited Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to the Duties imposed by that Alt on Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Pensions or Stipends, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for deducting, assessing, raising, and collecting the said Duties by this Act granted, of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and shall be entitled to the same Proteltions, Privileges, and Immunities, as are given them by the said recited Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with relation to the Duties granted by the said recited Act upon Salaries, Fees, Wages, and other Perquisites and Profits accruing by reason of Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends.

XXII.*And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein 'fated* the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a

Laud Tax, for One Ytar* from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the several and respectiveSums

of Money granted to your Majesty, by a Land Tax, for the Service c of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, which were ' or should be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments in Great Britain, are, after the Twenty-fifth Day

of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued

and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money

charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respeH

of any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, collected, and

paid according to the Directions of any AH or AHs to be passed for

that Purpose be it therefore enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty ly a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which were not authorised to be sold in or by another AH made and passed in the same Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated % the several sums of Money now charged in Great

48 Geo. III. C Britain

Commissidoen under 46 G. 3, c. 65. shall be Commissioners for levying said Duties ou Pcn-fioos. Sue.

98 G. 3.C. 60.

Rates on Personal Estatecharged by 98 G. 3. c. 5. and not authorised to be sold by 38 G. 3. c. 60. and on Offices, &c. shall be levied within one Year from 25 Much 18084

A.D. 1$od«

Stuns charged on Personal ElUte* ty)8G.a. c. 5.§3. shall be imposed on Parishes and raised on Personal Estates, &c. by a AmndRate: payable Quarterly.

C.i. 48* Geo. ni.

Britain at a Land Tax, for one Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and also the several Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in respect of any Public* Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty within the Space of One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be ascertained, afleffect, and taxed in such Manner and r orm as are herein after expressed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby let and imposed on the several and respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the same have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and that to wards raising the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Ber<wick-uf>on*Tweedy in respect of such Personal Estate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places respectively, having any Estate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in trust for them (except and out of the Premises deduded such Sums as he, she, or they do bond Jide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective Commissionersappointed by this Act; and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Household Stuff; and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from His Majesty to any Person or Persons) shall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, by a Pound Rate, that is to say, by an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this A A set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, hereby charged therewith as aforesaidj so that by the said Rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present A£, the full and entire Sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be set and imposed, in England, Waletf and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, assessed, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by Four quarterly Payments, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in die Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight.

iXIV. And

A.D. 18b8.

48° GEO. III. C. 2.

XXIV. And tie it further enacted, That for and towards raising tksevenil Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persona in tifpeft of Publick Office6 or Employments of Profit, all and every Prion and Persons, and all and every Commissioner and Commissioners hnng, tiling, or exercising any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales, or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or assessed by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Mae ft y, intituled An Act for granting sa did to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers whatsoever (such Military Officers who are or shall be in muster by the Muster Master General of His Majesty's Army, or in Pay in His Majesty's Army or Navy in respect of such Omccs, only excepted) Ihafl yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was assessed in the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight 5 and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain (not being oriftuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the same, or included in any Assessment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for One whole Year; the said sevend Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied, and collected, in such Manner as herein* after is mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick-ufon-Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pen (ions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons who in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session

C 2 of

*P

Office* tod Employment* rated by as G. 3. c. 5. (except Naval or Military Offices) shall pay the Rata assessed thereon under that Act, 43.

CommSdionen of Land Tax appointed by 45 G. 3. c. 49. and 46 G. 3. c. 107. shall put this Act in_

execution

t'nlcfs Special Conumifioners shall be appointed by some AA

C'ommidionen shall meet before; )0 Ap. 1808, to inspeA Asself-ments to25 March on Personal Estates as distinct from Land: and shall

of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pen Rons, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuffy in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raisedin Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; or in and by one other Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for reSifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an A3y made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 1 An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Penjionsy Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malty Tobaccoy and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred

and Jive; and an Act made in the* Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eightand for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the frjl-mentioned A3, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duly on Pensims, Offices, and Personal E(lutes in England, and certain Duties on Sugary Malt, Tobacco, and Sniff in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, also the said Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying fuih Persons as have a8ed as Commissioners for executing the said Acts, were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the same Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Con liable wick*, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places respectively: Unless, before the Day herein after appointed for the first; Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, some Act or Acts of Parliament shall be made and passed, for naming and appointing Special Commissioners for putting into Execution this present Act; in which case no Person or Persons shall be empowered, by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Act, or by this Act of Parliament, to act as a Commissioner for putting this present Act into Execution,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners last aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual and common Places of Meeting within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards, and other Divisions respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, within which they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall meet afterwards in like Manner as

often

A.D. 1808.

it

48° GEO. III. C. 2.

aften as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Act in Ex- Before 10 May

cation as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the ream Schedules

fed Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such j^ver^iiwd

Meeting or Meetings, or the Major Part of them, are hereby autho- Ewrhe-

nred and required to inspect and examine the Assessments made by ouer.

virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and ascertain the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said lad mentioned

Ad, in every Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place,

for and in respect of any Estate in ready Money, Debts, Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Eslate, and also for and in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities,

Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, by any Assessment made for the said Year ending on the fail^ r -'ou-

sand eight hundred and eig in

Writing, the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon E Hates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Personal Eslate, and also the several and respective Sums charged in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, or Places, by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum aiTefTed on each Parish, Constable-wick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where any Assessment shall have been made upon Personal Estates, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, and also the Christian Names and Surnames of the respective Assessors and Collectors under the Receiver General of each County, Riding.

City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall have been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight; for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the same, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, for

under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King's Schedules.

Use, as other Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Places where Af-Parish or Place in which any Assessment shall have been, or shall be feffmems have made, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act, on any Person been made for or Persons in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, An- the Year ending nuities, Pensions, or Stipends, by any Assessment for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun- the Su^levied. dred and eight, shall, from and after that Time, be wholly discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place, according to the Propositions established under the said recited Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and

extended to this

at

Under 38 G. 3. c. S.Newcastle on Tyne was charged with a certain Sum, part thereof raised on the Amount of the Duty on CoaU, which, under 39 G. 3. c. 84: 39, 40 G. 3. c. 43. was purchased from the Duke of Richmond, and the bid Duty was idled in the Crown,

C.a.

48° Geo. nr.

A.D. 1, 808,

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Lana Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight) are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments granted by the said last mentioned Act; and which by the said other Act passed in the same Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated) the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Taxf for one Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and jpurchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said last mentioned Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, assessect, and levied by virtue of this Act, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIX. 'Whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight) the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raised and charged on the Duty herein after mentioned: And whereas by two Acts, one thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contraB with the Mof Noble Charles fluke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke) and all others interefed) in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, /o be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the samey by way of Annuity) payable out of the Consolidated Fund; and the other thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His laid Majesty, intituled An Act to confrm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury) and the Mof Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in turfuance of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled)*An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contraB with the Mof Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke) and all others inter fed) in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on pools shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same bp way of Annuity) payable out of the Consolidated Fund). and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty, from and after the Twenty-second Day of Auguf One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the same hath ever since

beeq

A.D. 1808.

*3

4i6 GEO. in# C. 2.

'fetncollected with and paid as die other Duties of Customs have 'teencollected, and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town 'ad County of the said Town, should, from the above Period, be 'enmerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the 'fed Duty as aforesaid Be it further enacted, That it shall be jarful for the Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify ti the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sams of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last recited Acts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the same, br virtue of the said Two last-recited Acts, and the Agreement rAerein mentioned; and the said Barons* or any Two or more of them, hare hereby Power, by their Discretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum ot Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings aid Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, (ince the said Twenty-second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said Sums shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the nid Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County mil be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Bfrons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Assessments heretofore made as for' all Assessments hereafter to be made; any Tiling in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Propositions let by this Act upon all and every the respective Parishes, Con ft a-clewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-ufon-Tweed9 in respect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid, !kfl not be fully assessect, levied, and paid, according to the true Mewing thereof, or if any of the said Assessments, in respect of inch Personal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Perton not being of Ability to pay the same, or that through any Wilfulness, Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment charged in each Panlh or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this A A, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act it directed; that then and in aH and every such Case or Cases the (evctd and respective Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors, aAing in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Duties on Personal ERates, and the said last mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re-affess, or cause to be assessed and re-assessed, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are authorised to cause the said first Assessment hereby squired to be made, shall seem mo ft agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid in such Manner, and by such Means as in this A A or any A A hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Assessments.

XXXI.*And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of 'ilk&ng and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with

P*ny

On Certificate ot Commissionm of Land Tax for Newcastle, to the Exchequer, of the Sums charged on said Duty, Exchequer may discharge the same.

Where deficiencies ante near AssessmentrihlU be made.

Persons shall be rated where rafi-dentj

A.D. 1808.

or if out of the Kingdom, in the Face of their last Abode.

Personal Estate lhatl he assessed where it shall be, though the possessor residet elsewhere.

Persons doubly rated shall be rer lievedon Certificate.

Exemption of Personal Estate in Scotland, Ireland, &c*

Persons avoiding the Tax charged Treble.

C«2« 48° GEO- III.

any Rate or Assessment in respect of any Estates in ready Money,

Debts, or Personal Estate, in England, Wales, or Berwick-ubon- Tweed be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall be rated at such Place where he or she shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxea at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and if any person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXXII. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Paristies, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or she shall be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight to rate and a fiefs such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Paristies, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons, by reason of his, her, or their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Personal Estate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commissioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to administer) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment,

of Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed.

XXXIII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, for assessing any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Use, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorised to \)e charged upon any Parish or Paristies, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Woles, and Berwick-upon-Tweed as aforesaid: And if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape front the Taxation and Payment^ shall be charged upon Proof

thereof

A.D. 1ftoS.

C. 2

48° GEO. III.

*5

thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or fke should or ought to have been chased at by this Act, the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners, before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods,

Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXXIV. 'And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estate in- Penalty on

tended to be charged by this Act be it further enacted, That every Housekeepm Householder in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon Demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places, give 0 5

an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as Stall sojourn or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Members of Par-Parliament who at the Execution of this Act, during this or the lisment shall be subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of rate<1 at their London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the ^anGoa Houses. County of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money

or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Houses, or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any Assessor or Commissioner shall affess, or cause to be assessed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt or upon the Case, together with full Colls of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XXXVI. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be Inhabitants of

rated in respect of such Personal Estate, and inhabiting within the Towns shall be City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, n the

Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One n5yeWl€rC* of the Parishes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parishes or Wards

within the same, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Pariftt or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Officers of

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Publick f5"'

Offices, upon request to them made by the respective Assessors, shall of penftons# An-deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, nuities, &c. to Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and Commissionen, other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Pub- "din De&ult of lick Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Offi,

eers, for the Execution of this Act for the better Guidance of the of

laid Assessors in the charging of the same; and that in all Cases where the Pension, &c. any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the

Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Act, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Pay-masters in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, the said last-jpentkmed Tax or Payment, which in pursuance of this Act shall be

2$

A.D. 1808.

Officers shall pay where employed.

Officers in Chancery shall be assessed in the Rolls Liberty, by the Mailers, &c.

Pensions rateable where payable.

Where Office is executed by Deputy, the Assessment shall he paid by him.

C*2» 4.8° GEO. III.

be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in case of non-payment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the same, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped, and (upon request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, rated or assefied for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Masters in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there assefied to the said last mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Masters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, with relation to the last- Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said last mentioned Duties where such Offices are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIX. And whereas divers Offices and Employments of

Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish,

or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates

and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and dedu& the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts

of

AD-1808, 48° GEO. III. C-'i*

of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge or be ceaftrued to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respectc of any Annuities or yearly Payments graftal to Her said Majesty and to their said Royal Highnesses, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her fiid Majesty and their Royal Highnesses, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the Time being, in respectc of the same, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the fe-Teral Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown 5 or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty's Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Adfcs of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any publick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XLI. 'And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the

Refldentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales, are

chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, 'and in some Cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues ' above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for the Maintenance of the said Refldentiaries, which Shares are dimi- nished by the said Land Tax it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cases the said Refldentiaries shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the deducting or assessing the said Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively or either of them, or the said last mentioned Duty or Sum of Money granted by this Act, upon any Person in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or upon any Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, in any case in which the Pension, Annuity, Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, Stipend, or other Payment yearly or otherwise shall have been specially exempted from any or either of such Duties, or from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any case in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment shall by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been diredfced or shall be directed to be paid Net or without Deduction; Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment,

Net

*7

The Queen of Royal Faintly not chargeable in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

NorToll-keepers.

Refldentiaries not chargeable in certain Cases.

Said Duties shall not be charged on Pensions, &c. specially exempted.

A.D. 1$o8.

18

Duties on Sugar, granted by 27 G. 3.C. 13: 34 G. 3. c. 4

37 G. 3. c. 15; on Malt by

27 G. 3 c. 13. i Tobacco and Smti?, by 29 G. 3. c. 68. continuocl by

38 G. 3. c. 60: 89 G. 8. C. 3. &c.; altered by 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69; continued by 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 4. to 25 March 1808; further continued to 28 March 1809.

c. 2. 4g* GEO. III.

Net or without Deduction, of the Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any such Office or Employment, shall be certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment so directed to be paid Net or without Deduction belongs.

XLIII.*And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirtyeighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the 1 Manner therein Jlatedy the several Sums of Money novo charged in f Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight f it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by three Acts of the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but

should from thenceforth cease and un^e^8 the fame

should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for coniitwing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftonsy Offices y and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugary Malty Tobaccoy and Snuffy for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which; by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Cufoms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said last recited Acts, were continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said«Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight

A.D. 1808.

99

48° GEO. III. G.&

hundred and nine, and all Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid isto the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided sod kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties of Six-peace, and One Shilling, and the Rates and Duties hereby granted oa Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff* and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and diflin& from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are or shall be prescribed in and by an Act passed, or which may be passed in this Session of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills.

XL.VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Prorifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in an Act passed, or which may be passed in this Session of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XL.VIII. And be it declared, and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorised by this Act, any* Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to their Mayflies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and for securing certttin Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carry-ingon the U'ar against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices

of

Monies paid into Exchequer antler thisA& shall be entered fcjxtrate liruni other payments.

Treasury may wife 3, 000, 0001. by Exchequer Mills.

[See 49 G. 3. c. l.J

Clauses, &c. in 48 G. 3. c. I. relating to Exchequer Bills, applied to thk

aa.

Interest on Exchequer Bilk per Cent.

Bank of England

authorised to advance

3, 000, 0001. on Credit of thh A a.

5, 6 Girt, ft Mar. c. 20. $ 30.

Said Exchequer Bills shall be place* I as Caih in the Exchequer:

and shall be iflu-able thereout in common with other Monies*

Said Exchequer Bills and Interest, &c. charged on the Duties granted bj this Act.

Manner of paying oft* said Bilk.

Account of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out up to 25 March 1809.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus shall be carried to Confab lidated Fund*

Treasury may allow out of Confi -lidated Fund, the Charges of making out the Exchequer Bills.

C.t. 48 GEO. III. A.D. 1gofl.

of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every:, j of which Tellers shall be severally charged with a Proposition of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively $ any Law*-or'Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And it is hereby also enabled and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked, up, and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains .' in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time*' to Time Hand charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding-.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be, and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, to direct to be: issued to the said Paymasters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the same Bills, or any of them.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be l

taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged.

LIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of Exchanging and circulating the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made part of, the Consolidated Fund.

LV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, l^hat the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

seeing*

A&iiot.

48° GEO. III. C. 2tp

bdagi M have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and albrcrcaafe to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Contused Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of a&g forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made d such other Charges as shall be ncceiJarily incident, in or for tk Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof in relation to the Isd Bli, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LYL Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, fht whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fjshall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the First applies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing hereia caused to the contrary notwithstanding.

uAct may be altered or repealed this Sciiion. §57."

CAP. III.

An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th February 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have agreed to advance towards the Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One ^oufand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Three Millions, on 'or before the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and 'tight, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date on the Day 'w Days of the Advance thereof, to be made payable without Interest, and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the first Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive f Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the

then current Year and in case sufficient Aids and Supplies shall not 1 be granted by Parliament for that Purpose before the Expiration of

I*Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of

Peace, the same to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out

of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: Now, we Your MajestyS 'moftdutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being delirous to raise, with as much Ease and Advantage as possible to {Your Majesty's Subjects, the necessary Supplies for the Service of the present Year, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may 'beenactedand be it enacted by the King's rrioft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of dfr'i!One thousand eight hundred and eight, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorised to be issued under this Act, the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall also be lawful for ^tWCommissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time buug, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direct any Number of

3*

SaivlGiarge* shall be replaced out of the Firil Supplies,

Bank emprwpred to lend Three Millions,

Treasury IhaR make out Exchequer Bdb.

3.X

Under 38 G. 3. c.S.Newcastleon Tyne was charged with a certain Sum, part thereof raised on the Amount of the Duty on Coala, which, under 39 G. 3. C. 84: 39, 40 G. 3. c. 43. was purchased from the Puke of Richmond, and the said Duty was welled in the (Crown.

C*3« 4° GEO. III. AJ3* i(8o8j

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax9 to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousandfeyen hundred and ninety-eight9 are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments granted by the said last mentioned Act } and which by the said other Act passed in the same Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land iax9 for one Tear9 from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on !Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said last mentioned Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, assessed, and levied by virtue of this Act, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pen (ions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIX.9Whereasby an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting

an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax9 to be raised in Great Britain,

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety -eight, 9the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne was9charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds ' Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raised and9charged on the Duty herein after mentioned: And whereas by two

Acts, one thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of ' His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commi (/toners of the Treasury to contraB with the Most Noble Charles

fluke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke9 and all others interested9 in a certain Duty of Twelve

pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed

in England, and to grant a Combenfation for the same9 by way of An-9 nutty9payable out of the Consolidated Fund; and the other thereof

passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His

laid Majesty, intituled An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into9between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury9 and the Most9Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in burftiance of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled^9An Act to9enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contraB with the9Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke9 and all others interested9 in a certain9Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on foals shipped in the River9Tyne, to he consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same bp way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund/

9 and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty,

9 from and after th6 Twenty-second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made payable to

His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the same hath ever since

beei}

A.D. 1ftoft.

C.z

*3

48° GEO. III.

4feencoHe&ed with and paid as the other Duties of Customs have 'beta colksted, and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town wi County of the said Town, should, from the above Period, be 1 exonerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the 'fiid Duty as aforesaid; Be it further enacted, That it shall be bwfol for the Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last recited Acts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the same, or virtue of the said Two last-recited Acts, and the Agreement rHerein mentioned; and the said Barons, or any Two or more of: ! em, have hereby Power, by their Discretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings ind Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, since the said Twenty-second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said Sums shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the said Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Bfrons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Assessments heretofore made as for all Assessments hereafter to be made; any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Propositions let by this Act upon all and every the respective Parishes, Confta-Llewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Bersvich-ufon-Tweed, imrespect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid,: hall not be fully assessect, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments, in respect of such Personal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Peiibn not bring of Ability to pay the same, or that through any Wilfulness, Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed; that then and in all and every such Case or Cases the several and respective Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors, acting in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Duties on Personal Estates, and the said last mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re-aiTefs, or cause to he assessed and re-assessect, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sum of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are authorised to cause the said first Assessment hereby required to be made, shall Teem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid in such Manner, and by such Means as in this Act or any Act hereby referred to, if declared and directed for other Assessments.

XXXI.*And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of t assessing and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with

C 4*any

On Certificate ot Commissioners of Land Tax for Newraflle, to the Exchequer, of the Suras charged on said Duty, Exchequer may discharge the same.

Where deficiencies arise new Assessmentrihall be made.

Persons shall be rated where nfir dent;

24

C. 2.

A.D. 1808.

or if out of the Kingdom, in the Place of their lift Abode.

Personal Estate shall he assessed where it shall be, though the possessor residetelfe-where.

Persont doubly rat ed shall be rer licvedon Certificate.

Exemption of Personal Estate in Scotland, Ireland, &$.

Persont avoiding the Tax charged Treble.

48° GEO. III.

f any* Rate or Assessment in respect of any Estates in teady Money, ' Debts, or Personal Estate, in England, Wales, or Ber*ivick-upon-Tweed be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall he rated at such Place where he or she shall be residentat the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act 5 and if any person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXXII. Provided always, That where, any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or she Audi be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight to rate and assess such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be; Provided also, that if any Person or Persons, by reason of his, her, or their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, or otherwise, mall be doubly charged for any Personal Estate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commissioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to administer) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, of Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed.

XXXIII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, for assessing any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Use, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorised to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed as aforesaid: And if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape front the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged upon Proof

thereof

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 2.

5

Ittaeof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to tare been charged at by this Act, the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners, hefatt whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXXIV. «And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estate in- taxied to be charged by this Act \* be it further enacted, That every Householder in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon Demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places, give 2n Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as mall fojoum or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Act, during this or the subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the County of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Houses, or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament 5 and in case any Assessor or Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be adeifed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in respect of such Personal Estate, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One of the Parishes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Publick Offices, upon request to them made by the respective AlfelTors, shall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Publick Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act for the better Guidance of the fetid Assessors in the charging of the same; and that in all Cases where any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by tjiis Act, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Pay-masters in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, the said last-ipentioned Tax or Payment, which in punuance of this Act shall

Penalty on

Housekeepers not giving Lift of Lodgers, 5l.

Members of Parliament shall be rated at their Mansion Houses.

Inhabitants of Towns shall be assessed in the Parish where they rcfidc.

Officers of Exchequer, &c. shall deliver Lifts of Pensions, Annuities, &c. to Commissioners, and in Default of Payment of the Rate, it may be flopped out of the Pension, &c.

A.D. x6o8.

C. 3t.

43° GEO. III.

Officers shall pay where employed.

Officer* in Chancery shall be assessed in the RoIls Liberty, by die Mailers, &c.

Pensions rateable where payable.

Where Office is executed by Deputy, iheAfleJT-ment shall Be paid by him.

fee charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in case of non-payment thereof) be detained and Hopped out of the same, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officer s in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies (lopped, and (upon requeil) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors or such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are afiefled by this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, rated or a(fe(Ted for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Matter of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there afiefled to the said last mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Remitters for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, with relation to the last- Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and afiefled to the said last mentioned Duties where such Offices are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIX. 1 And whereas divers Offices and Employments of

Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed by Deputy, and the

principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Pariflt,

or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates < and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot 1 be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Diiirefs as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet Satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts

of

h48° GEO. III. c:

A those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

ILL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That £hs Ad, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge or be rathued to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments grarted to Her said Majesty and to their said Royal Highnesses, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her his Majesty and their Royal Highnesses, and their Treasurers, Re-c?: \ers General, and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the fune, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the fe-reral Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penhons of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penhons of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Mans or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty*8 Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any publick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XLI. And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Residentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Ivales, are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid,

and m some Cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues

above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for the Maintenance of the said Residentiaries, which Shares are dimi- niffied by the said Land Tax it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cases the said Residentiaries shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the deducing or aifeffing the said Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively or either of them, or the said last mentioned Duty or Sum of Money granted by this Act, upon any Person in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or upon any Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, in any case in which the Pension, Annuity, Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, Stipend, or other Payment yearly or otherwise shall have been specially exempted from any or either of such Duties, or from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any case in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment shall by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed or shall be directed to be paid Net or without De-dudion; Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment,

Net

*7

The Queen of Royal Family not chargeable in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c« not changeable.

NorToll-keepers.

Residentiaries not chargeable in certain Cases.

Said Duties shall not be charged on Pensions, &c. specially exempted.

*8

A.D. 1808.

Duties on Sugar, granted by 27 G. 3. c. 13 :34 G. 3. q. 4

37 G. 3. c. 15: on Malt by

27 G. 3 c. 13. n Tobacco and Snuis, by 29 G. 3. c. 68. continual by

38 G. 3. c. 60

39 G. 8. c. 3. &c.; altered by 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69; continued by 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 4. to 25 March 1808; further continued to 25 March 1809.

G. 2. 4*e GEO. III.

Net or without Deduction, of the Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any such Office or Employment, shall be certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment so directed to be paid Net or without Deduction belongs.

XLIII. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4An

AS for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the 1 Manner therein stated, the federal Sums of Money now charged in f Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousandfven hundred and ninety-eight, y it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by three Acts of the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should

continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but

should from thenceforth cease and cjetennine un^e^s the same

should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An ASfor continuing and

granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, ' by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duttes in lieu thereof, certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco,

were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said last recited Acts, were continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in

the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight j* be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight

1 hundred

48° GEO. III. C. 2j*9

kindred and nine, and all Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid iato the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and hfind from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided Monies paid into sad kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall entSem] fcparatr be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties of Six- |'rum other l'ay-pence, and One Shilling, and the Rates and Duties hereby granted meats. -oa Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and also the Rates and Assess-roents hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasury mar Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or Times, »He3, oooo, ooooL to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not q a c i 1* exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the same or J

like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are or shall be prescribed in and by an Act passed, or which may be passed in this Session of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills.

XX.VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Clauses, &c. in Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, 48 G. a. u and Disabilities, contained in an Act passed, or which may be passed ^tin*in this Session of Parliament, for regulating the ifilling and paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to Interest on Ex-be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Interest chequer Bills not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or 4* in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XLVIII. And be it declared, and further enacted, That it shall Bank of England be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, authorised to to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exche- a^'ance quer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorised by this CredU^f'tlS Ad, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Jtfaryf intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and^6 g. Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale9 and Mar. c. ao. §30. other Liquors, and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentionedf to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carry-ingon the War against France, or in any subsequent Ad, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners Said Exchequer of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised Bills shall be and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue place- as Caih in uf this Act, to be placed as So much Cash in the respective Offices

and shall be iflu-able thereout in common with other Monies*

Said Exchequer Bills and Interest, See. charged on the Duties granted by tlus Act.

Manner of paying oft' said Bills.

Accotmt of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out up to 25 March 1809.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus shall be carried to Confo^ lid&ted Fund.

Treafmy may allow out of Cxmft i lidated Fund, the Charges of making out the Exchequer Bills.

C.i. 48 GEO. III. A.D. 1gog,

of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be fevefally charged with a Proposition of the said Bills which "shall be so placed in his Office respectively $ any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, 'That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time to Time (land charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary not with (landing*.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be, and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, to direct to be issued to the said Paymasters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this A£, or any of them, and for and towards paying the interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the same Bills, or any of them.

Ll I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged.

LIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made part of, the Consolidated Fund.

LV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being,

A.D. 1fto8.

3T

48 GEO- III. C-i, 3.

bdag, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and albv or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Con-Llidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of diking forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof in relation to the hid Bills, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding-

a Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §57."

CAP. III.

An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, to* wards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight- [27th February 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1 W England are willing and have agreed to advance towards the 'Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Three Millions, on 'or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and 'eight, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date on the Day 'or Days of the Advance thereof, to be made payable without In*

' terect, and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the ' first Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive

Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the 'then current Year and in case sufficient Aids and Supplies shall not ' be granted by Parliament for that Purpose before the Expiration of 'Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of 1 Peace, the same to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out ' of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: Now, we Your Majesty's 'most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much Ease and Advantage as possible to (Your Majesty's Subjects, the necessary Supplies for the Service of 1 the present Year, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

be enacted and be it enacted by the King's rrfoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon t^ie Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorised to be issued under this Act, the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direct any Number

t of

SaiJCharges Audi be replaced out of the Firii Supplies*

Bank emprwpred to lend Three Millions.

Treasury shall make out Exchequer bills.

Lnckf 38 G. 8* e.s.NewcalUcon Tyne was charged with a certain Sum, part thereof raised on the Amount of the iDuty on Coals, which, under 39 G. 3. C. 84:9, 40 G. 3. c. 43. Was purchased from the Duke of Richmond, and the said Duty was vested in the Crown.

C. 2. 48° GEO. nr. A.D. 1, 808

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aic to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for thi Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety -rig ht, art provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments granted by the said law mentioned Act $ and which by the said other A £t, passed in the same Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, <An act<A8 for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein footed, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Tears from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said last mentioned Rates, A fTeflments, and Sumo of Money to be charged, assessed, and levied by virtue of this A A, in respect of Personal E dates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIX. 'Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

' for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne was

charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds ' Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raised and

charged on the Duty herein after mentioned; And whereas by two Acts, one thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of 4 Hi8 laid present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contra3 with the Most Noble Charles 4 £)uke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve

pence per Chaldron on Coalsjhipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Combenfation for the same, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund; and the other thereof

passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled % 4 An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Dufy of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on foals shipped in the River Tyne* to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same bp way of Annuity, payable out of the Confoudated Fund,

and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty,

from and after the Twenty-second Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the same hath ever since

beei

A.D. 180S.

C. 2

*3

4«a GEO. III.

been coDcded with and paid as the other Duties of Customs have ' collected, and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town

ad County of the said Town, should, from the above Period, be

aa>oerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the

'&d Duty as aforesaid Be it further enacted, That it shall be On Certificate 01 fcvful for the Commissioners of the said Town and County to certify Comimffionm of lathe Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and l^ndTnxfor Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last U*SW

*wi: ed Acts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the same, th^Surai^hnrgod hr virtue of the said Two last-recited Acts, and the Agreement on said Duty/ iWrein mentioned 5 and the said Barons, or any Two or more of Exchequer may have hereby Power, by their Discretions, at any Time before dischwge the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and t^ht, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum °*Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings kd Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the Duty, since the said Twenty-second Day of August One thou-seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said Sums shall or may 1* discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the Uid Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County tfull be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharg-td, by the Bfrons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Assessment* heretofore made as for all Assessments hereafter to be made; any Tiling in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Propositions Where defictea-fc: by this Act upon all and every the respective Parishes, Confta- c?es wife new b!ewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and AssessmentsHiiU Bmv'tck -upon -Tweed, inTefpeft of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid,

!kQ not be fully assessed, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments, in respect of such Personal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Penon not being of Ability to pay the same, or that through any Wilfulnefsf Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed; that then and in all and every such Case or Cases the several and respective Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors, acting in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Duties on Personal Estates, and the said last mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re-assess, or cause to be assessed and re-assessect, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are authorised to cause the said first Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid in such Manser, and by such Means as in this Act or any Act hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Assessments.

XXXI. And in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of Persons shall be 'affeifcjr and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with most where wfi- C* 'any

A.D. 1$o8f

or if out of the Kingdom, in the Place of their l&ft Abode.

Personal Estate shall he assessed where it shall be, though the possessor reside* else-where.

Persons doubly rated shall be rer lievedon Certifr-cate.

Exemption of Personal Estate in Scotland, Ireland, &$.

Persona avoiding the Tax charged Treble.

C 2. 48° GEO. III.

any* Rate or Assessment in respect of any Estates in ready Money*

Debts, or Personal Estate, in England* Wales* or Berwick-upon-

Tweedbe it further enabled, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall he rated at such Place where he or she shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not; being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Ex- 1 ecution of thiB Ad; and if any person who ought to be taxed in England* Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed* by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXXII. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Con (tablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or she shall he resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall he lawful at any Time before the Twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight to rate and assess such Person for such Goods^Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish, or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the same shall be: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons, by reason of his, her, or " their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, or otherwise, mall he doubly charged for any Personal Estate by occasion of this A A, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commissioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, j her, or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commissioners who have Authority to put this A A in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to administer) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall he certified, he discharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment,

Of Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed'.

XXXIII. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, for assessing any such Personal Estate which they, or any to their Use, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorised to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England* Wales and Berwick-upon-Tweed as aforesaid: And if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape iron} the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged upon Proof

thereof

LD.iSoS.

C. 2.

48° GEO. III.

*S

thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to hare been charged at by this Act, the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners, before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods,

Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XXXIV. And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estate in- Penalty on

1 tended to be charged by this Act; be it further enacted, That every Housekeepm

Householder in England* Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon

Demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places, give ot 5

an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as mall

fojoum or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of

+forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Member of Par-Parliament who at the Execution of this Act, during this or the lament Hull be subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of rated their London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the ^an^on Houses. County of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money

or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Houses, or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any Assessor or Commissioner shall affess, or cause to be assessect, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt or upon the Case, together with full Cods of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be Inhabitants of

rated in respect of such Personal Estate, and inhabiting within the Towns shall be City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, jn*?

Walts, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One m*

of the Pari dies or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Pari (hes or Wards

within the same, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Officers of Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Publick

Offices, upon requed to them made by the respective Assessors, shall of penfI^> ^n_ deliver, gratis, true Lids or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, nuiues, &c. to Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and Comraiffkmen, other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Pub-nd in Defeuk of lick Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Offi,

cers, for the Execution of this Act for the better Guidance of the^rf

said Assessors in the charging of the same; and that in all Cases where the Pension, &c. any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by tfiis Act, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Pay-jnafters in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon Tweed, the said last-pentioned Tax or Payment, which in punuance of this Act shall be

A.D. 1808.

"l6>

Officers shall pay where employed.

Officm in Chancery shall J>e assessed in the Uplls Lifxrty, by the Mailers, &c.

Pensions rateable where payable.

Where Office is executed by Deputy, the Assessment shall he paid by him.

C. 3. 48° GEO. III.

he charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in case of non-payment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the lame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped, and (upon request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England^ Wales, or Bcr*wick-upon-Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Mailers in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regiiler9, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there assessed to the said last mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Mailers in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Regillers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, with relation to the last mentioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said last mentioned Duties where such Offices are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIX.*And whereas divers Offices and Employments of

Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed by Deputy, and the

principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish,

or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates ' and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts

of

A.D. 180(t 48° GEO. III. C*2«

cf those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the

Exchequer.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That &s Ad, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge or be ccuftrued to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments grafted to Her said Majesty and to their said Royal Highnesses, but thit such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her his Majesty and their Royal Highnesses, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the federal Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of lVindfor % payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty's Pages of Honour 5 or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Dudes payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any publick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XLI. 'And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the 1 Residentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales, are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, < and m some Cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for the Maintenance of the said Residentiaries, which Shares are dimi-

nished by the said Land Tax it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cases the said Residentiaries shall not by this Act, or any of the Clauses therein contained be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the deduding or assessing the said Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively or either of them, or the said last mentioned Duty or Sum of Money granted by this Act, upon any Person in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or upon any Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, in any case in which the Pension, Annuity, Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, Stipend, or other Payment yearly or otherwise shall have been specially exempted from any or either of such Duties, or from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Act of Parliament, or in any case in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment shall by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed or shall be directed to be paid Net or without Deduction; Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment,

Net

*7

The Queen of Royal Family not changeable in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c* not chargeable.

NarToll-kecpen.

Residentiaries not chargeable in certain Cases.

Said Duties shall not be charged on Pensions, &c. specially exempted.

A.D. 1&o8.

a8

Duties on Sugar, granted by 27 G. 3. c. 13: '34 G. 3. c. 4: 3? G. 3. C. 15; on Malt by 27 G. 3 c. 13. n Tobacco and, Snuflf, by 29 G. 3. c. 68. continued by

38 G. 3. c. 60

39 G. 8. c. 3. &c.; altered by 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69; continued by 47 G. 3. ft. l. c. 4. to 25 March 1808; further continued to 2$ March 1809.

c. 2. 4*e Geo. III.

Net or without Deduction, of the Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any such Office or Employment, shall be certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment so directed to be paid Net or without Deduction belongs.

XLIII. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the federal Sums of Money now charged in f Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by three Acts of the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and ^ermine unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for comiitwiag and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar9 Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which; by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duttes in lieu thereof certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said last recited Acts, were continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight

i hundred

ADiiSo&c

99

48° GEO. III. C.*j

kindred and nine, and all Monies ari/ing thereby, which shall be paid ko the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and tolin& from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided md kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties of Sixpence, and One Shilling, and the Rates and Duties hereby granted 02 Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff* and also the Rates and A/Te/T-ments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employ* meats of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are or shall be prescribed in and by an Act passed, or which may be pa/fed in this Session of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills.

XJLVf. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in an Act passed, or which may be passed in this Session of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XJLVIII. And be it declared, and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorised by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and ether Liquors, and for securing certttin Recompenees and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the U'ar against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue if this Act, to be placed as so much Ca/h in the respective Offices

of

Monies paid into Exchequer antler thisA& shall be entered separate liruni other Payments.

Treasury may raise 3, 000, 0001. by Exchequer Bills.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 1.]

Clauses, &c. in 48 G. 3. C. I. relating to Exchequer Bills, applied to this

aa.

Interest on Exchequer Bills per Cent.

Bank of England authorised to advance

3, oooo, ooool. 00 Credit of this

a a.

5, 6 Gul. 9c Mar. c. ao. §30.

Said Exchequer Bills shall be placed as Calli in the Exchequer:

A.d. idod.

3

and shall be iflu-able thereout in common with other Monies*

Said Exchequer Bills and Interest, See. charged on the Duties granted lij tins Act.

Manner of paying off said Bilb.

Aeronnt of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out tip to 25 March 1809.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus shall be carried to C'onfo^ lidated Fund*

Treasury may allow out of Confi -lidated Fund, the Charges of making out the Exchequer Bills*

C.*. 4 GEO. III.

of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be fevefally charged with a Proposition of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time to Time {land charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be, and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, to direct to be issued to the said Paymasters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the same Bills, or any of them.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty, fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfeA Account in Writing, to be taken and nttefted by the proper Officers, of the Amount or all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged.

LIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of Exchanging and circulating the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March O ne thousand eight hundred and nine.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made part of, the Consolidated Fund.

LV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being,

A.D. 1808.

31

48° GEO. III. C. 1, 3.

bang, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or (br the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Con-fclidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of caking forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof in relation to the Bills, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be i(Tiled out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing hereia contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

u Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §57."

CAP. III.

An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, to* wards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th February 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1 W England are willing and have agreed to advance towards the 'Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Three Millions, on

or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date on the Day or Days of the Advance thereof, to be made payable without In*

terect, and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the

first Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive

Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the 'then current Year and in case fumcient Aids and Supplies shall not be granted by Parliament for that Purpose before the Expiration of

Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of ' Peace, the same to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out ' of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: Now, we Your Majesty's 'most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much Ease and Advantage as possible to Your Majesty's Subjects, the necessary Supplies for the Service of the present Year, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may ' be enacted and be it enacted by the King's rrfoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of F.nglandy on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon t^e Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorised to be issued under this Act, the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall also be lawful for the faH Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direct any Number

t of

SaklCharges (halt be replaced out of the First Sup-plfes*

Bank emprwpred to lend ThitC Millions.

Treasury fhaB make out Exchequer Bills.

A.D. 180&

3*

48 G. 3. c. 1.

No Alteration.shall be made in the Uf&ge of

permitting the Bank to withdraw

the Money from the Exchequer i &c. or in keeping Accounts.

Provisions of Act of this Session, (48 G. 3. c. 1.) applied to said

Bids.

No Interest on the said ihlis.

Said Exchequer Bills charged on the first Supplies after Peace; or on Failure thereof, out of the Consolidated fund.

C. 3. 48° GEO. III.

of Exchequer Bills to be made out for any Sum or Sums of Monej' not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of Three Millions, to bear Date on the Day or Days of the Advance of the said Sum of Three Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, are or shall be prescribed, concerning Exchequer Bills, and for making permanent Regulations for making and issuing thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Period the said Sum of Three Millions shall continue so advanced by the said Governor and Company, no Alteration shall be made in the Usage established at the Exchequer of permitting the said Governor and Company to withdraw the Monies in the Receipt of the Exchequer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills, or N6tes of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to the full Amount of such Monies so withdrawn, being deponted in the Chests of the Tellers of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company, nor shall any of the Accounts now by Law directed to be kept at the Bank of England, be withdrawn from thence during the above Pe* riod.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Act relating ta Exchequer Bills, except as far as the same may be altered by this Act or be contrary' to any of the Provisions thereof, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been originally authorised by the last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re*

' eua&ed in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Interest whatsoever shall be payable upon or by virtue of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act; and that the Whole thereof shall bear Date the Day or Days of the Advance of the said Sum of Three Mil* lions, and be made payable on the Expiration of Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Services of the then current Year and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times at or after such Period shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly flated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges, until the Whole of them mall be paid off, can*

celied,

A.D. 1808.

33

48° GEO. III. C. 3, 4"'

celied, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept awi refereed in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the re* {pe&We Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall he so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the con* tiary n ot with ft and in g.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Case Pro* yifion shall not be made by Parliament for Payment of the Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act, so that the same shall be fully paid and discharged on or before tl\e Expiration of Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, then and in that Case the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said Period, bear an Interest of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum / and such Interest is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be borne and paid by and out of the same Fund, as the principal Money payable by the said Exchequer Bills is by this A£fc charged and chargeable upon \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Repayment to the Consolidated Fund.

Interest on said Exchequer Bills, from 6 Months after Peace,

4l. 10s. per Aa*

CAP. IV.

An Act to authorize the advancing, for the Publick Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proposition of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes; and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt.

[27th February 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the 1 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the

Payment of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by the Gover-

nor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, in pursuance of the said Act, advance

the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Terms and

Conditions in the said Act mentioned: And whereas since the pa(T-

ing of the said recited Act Part of the Money so advanced hath 'been repaid, under the Provisions of the said Act, reducing the

Sum so remaining advanced without Interest to the Sum of Three

hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine ' Pounds; and whereas the Balances remaining in the Hands of the ' Cashier of the said Governor and Company, of Sums issued for the ' Payment of Dividends on account of the National Debt, due 'and not demanded, have greatly increased: And whereas large Ba- lances now remain in the Hands of the Cashier of the said Go-

vemor and Company, of Sums issued to the said Governor and Company for Payment of Prizes or Benefits drawn in Lotteries efta* 1 blished by Law, and which have not been claimed by the Persons 'entitled thereto j and it U therefore just and expedient that a fur-

48 Geo. III..D*ther

31 Geo. 3. c. as.

Advance of 5oo, ooool. under recited reduced to

376, 7331.

34

A.D. 1808.

C. 4. 48° GEO. III.

Bank shall advance and pay into the Exchequer a further Sum of500yOOOOl. for Service of 1808.

Whenever Balance remaining in the Bank for Unclaimed Dividends or Lottery Prizes, (exclu-tive of the said Sums advanced by the Bank,) shall be less than 100, Q001. such deficiency shall lie made up to the Bank by a Payment from the Exchequer.

ther Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds should be advanced for the Service of the Publick out of such Balances, without any

Interest for the same, on condition that if at any Time the Balances remaining in the Hands of the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of Sums issued to him for the Payment of Dividends on account of the National Debt, which shall have been due and not demanded, and of Sums issued to the said

Governor and Company for the Payment of such Lottery Prizes

or Benefits not claimed as aforesaid, shall be reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, exclusively of the said Sums

of Three hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid,

then and in such Case so much of the Monies, advanced in pursuance of this Act, as shall be equal to the Sum by which the said

Balances, exclusive of the said Sums of Three hundred and seventy-

six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be less than the Sum of One hundred

thousand Pounds, shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company 5 We therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty,

That it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Governor and Company shall on or before the Fifth Day of jffril One thousand eight hundred and eight, pay or cause to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the Balances in their Hands of Sums iiTucd for the Payment of Dividends due and not demanded, and of such unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds; which said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be applicable to the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to be at the Disposition of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or their Cashier or Cashiers, which have been iiTucd to him or them for the Payment of all or any Annuities or Dividends to the Creditors of the Publick, in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, due and not demanded, and for the Payment of such Unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, shall be reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of such Sums of Three hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company or their Cashier or Cashiers shall forthwith transmit a Certificate of the same to the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and also to the Auditor of the Exchequer for the Time being, containing a true Statement of the Amount to which the said Monies shall then be reduced; and that forthwith on the same Day on which any such Certificate containing such Statement as aforesaid shall be presented to the said Auditor at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Auditor shall make out a proper Debenture, directing the Payment of such Sum of Money

as

All)« 1808.

35

48° GEO. III. C. 4.

as it flu11 appear by such Certificate the said Balances shall be reduced under One hundred thousand Pounds, which said sum of Money shall be forthwith on the same Day issued and paid out of any Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Aids or Supplies granted to flis Majesty for the Service of the current Year or of any preceding Year, or out of any Monies arising from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, which may remain at the End of any Quarter for the Disposition of Parliament; and every such Debenture being carried to the Clerk of the Pells shall be forthwith recorded in the usual Method in which Debentures are by him recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers on whom any such Debenture shall be charged, shall, upon the same being presented to him or them, immediately pay or cause to be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Sum contained in such Debenture accordingly; and in case after the Repayment of any Part of the Monies which shall have been advanced under the said recited Act and this Act, the said Balances shall at any Time be again further reduced, in such Case, as often as the same shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manuer be re-

?aid to the said Governor and Company as shall keep Balances in the iands of the said Cashier for the Payment of any Annuities or Dividends due and not demanded as aforesaid, and of such Unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, of One hundred thousand Pounds.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case after the Repayment of any Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* under the Provisions of this Act, there shall be any Excess of the Balances arising as aforesaid in the Hands of the Cashier of the said Governor and Company, above the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and such Excess shall have continued for the Space of Six Months, then and in every such Case a Sum, equal to such Excess, shall from Time to Time be again advanced by the said Governor and Company, under the like Conditions as are herein-before prescribed for the Original Payment of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds into His Majesty's Exchequer, until the whole Sum due on Account of Advances made by the said Governor and Company under the Provisions of this Act, shall have again amounted to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of the said Sum of Three hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, within Thirty Days after the Meeting of Parliament in every Year, cause an Account to be laid before Parliament, of the Amount of the Balances of Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends due rnd not demanded, and for the Payment of I ottery Prizes or Benefits which shall not have been claimed, and which shall be and remain in their Hands on the Days respectively, next before the I flue from the Exchequer of Money for the Payment of Dividends upon Account of the National Debt for each of the Four preceding Quarters respectively.

V. And whereas by the said recited Act it wa9 enacted, That «there should continue to be issued and paid to the Governor and«Company of the Bank of England, a Sum for Charges of Manage-« meat of the Publick Debt, at the Rate of Four hundred and fifty

D 2*Pounds

On future Excess of Balance above 100, 0001. Advance shall be again made by the Bank, so a» to keep up the Amount to 500, 0001. under this Act.

Bank shall yearly lay before Parliament Account of I nclaiined Dividends.

Rate of Allowance to the Bank, for Management under 01 Ci. a. cv 33. 5 a.

A.D. 180&

3<f

Repealed.

Future Fates payable to the Bank for

Charges of Management of the Publick Debt, unredeemed.

Allowances for Management shall be calculated

yearly.

48° GEO. til*

Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital, and at the fame Rate for all the Annuities for Terms of Ifrars, valuing the Annuities at Twenty-five Years Purchase, as ufyarj to make a nominal

Capital: And whereas the Amount of the Publick Debt hath,

since the passing of the said Act, been very much increased; and it

is therefore reasonable that new Provisions should be made for fix-

ing the Rate of the Allowance for the Management of the fama,

according to the Amount thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That the said lad-recited Provision shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, be repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be issued and paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Charges of Management of the said Unredeemed Publick Debt, the Sums of Money following; that is to say; when the Whole of such Unredeemed Debt shall exceed Three hundred Millions, and shall not amount to Four hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Four hundred and fifty Pounds ter Annum for each Million of the Capital; and when the Whole 01 such Unredeemed Debt shall amount to Four hundred Millions, and shall not exceed Six hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Three hundred and Forty Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital; and when fuen Debt shall exceed Six hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Three hundred Pounds per Annum for each Million of such Excess of the Capital, the remaining Six hundred Millions continuing in such last mentioned Case to be managed at the aforesaid Rate of Three hundred and forty Pounds per Annum for each Million: Provided always, that in edimating as well the Whole Amount of such Unredeemed Debt as the Sums respectively to be paid for the Management thereof, Annuities for Terms of Years shall be taken into the Account, and shall be valued at Twenty-five Years Purchase, as usual, to make a nominal Capital.

" Charges due shall be paid up to April 5, 1808. §7."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight; as conveniently may be, there shall be made out at the Exchequer, an Account of the Total Capital of Unredeemed Debt, as it shall dand on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight; and the Allowance for the Management of the Unredeemed Publick Debt for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be computed on the said Capital, as it dood on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be paid to the said Governor and Company in one Sum before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and the Allowance for Management shall be computed and paid in like manner in every succeeding Year.

A.D. 18g#. 48° GEO. III. C. 5, 6* 37

CAP. V.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majestjj for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.

[37th February 1808.]

7 HE. RE AS by an act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the 47 G. 3. ft. s.

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for suspending c*75*

' the Operation of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty

1 for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the

Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act 1 mentioned so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the

Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies; it was enacted, that all Persons who upon or at any Time after the First Day of the then present Session of Parliament, were or had been the v

1 lawful Incumbents of any Benefices, should, not with (landing the y

had accepted such augmented Cures, but without Prejudice to the

Avoidance or Right pi Presentation arisen from any other Cause,

' remain and be the Incumbents of such Benefices until the Fortieth

Day of the then next Session of Parliament, or until the Death or 1

Cession of such Incumbent respectively, or other lawful Cause of

Avoidance of such Benefices respectively, other than the Acceptance

of such augmented Cures respectively: And whereas it is expedient

that the said Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His Recited Act present Majesty, shall be and the same is hereby wholly repealed; repealed, and that all Presentations, Institutions, and Induftions to Benefices that were made or had taken place at any Time during the last Session of Parliament, under the said Act of the Thirty-sixth of His present Majesty, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Manner as if the said Act of the Forty-seventh of His present Majesty had never been passed, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

Provided always, that the Time during which any Suspension shall by virtue of the said last mentioned Act have taken place of any Presentation or Institution, or of the Effect of any Presentation or '

Institution* shall not be reckoned as Part of the Time during which {belt hath been Vacancy in any Question of Lapse.

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue until the End of this Session of Parliament* several Acts* for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and toe United States of America.

[27th February 1808.]

f Set 48 Geo. 3. c. 85.

Pj

37 G. 3.C. 9 % Ac.

A.D. 1808.

C. 7, 8,

48° GEO. III.

CAP. vir

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of 1 Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Treasury empowered to raise 10, 500, 000l. by Exchequer Bills,* as prescribed by 48 G. 5. r. i.r-i-J 1, 2. The Principal oi said Bills u charged on the first Supplies for the next Session. $ 3. Interest thereon 3\d. per Cent. per Diem. §4. Said Bills shall be current at* the Exchequer, &c. after /ipr'tl 5, 1809. $ $ Bank of England u empowered to advance 6, 500, 000l. on Credit of this Act. §6* Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §7."

An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

[nth March 1808.]

ssG.s.e.31. <W WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of \4ndfee47 G.a. < V\ His Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Office of Treasurer flat. 1. c. 66.] «of His Majesty's Navy, it is provided that the said Treasurer, in all

Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Naval

Services, shall transmit with each Memorial a Copy of the Letter

from each of the Naval Boards respectively, directing him to apply

for the Sums wanted, in which Letters the said Commissioners are

required to specify for what particular Services the said Sums are; < wanted, and shall also date the Balances then in the Hands of the'4 Treasurer, under each Head of Service respectively; And whereas the good Effects intended thereby will be equally well obtained in '

the Department of the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Requests

being made and the Balances dated on two Heads of Service only, 3

as recommended by the Commissioners for Naval Enquiry, in their 1 4 Tenth Report, in which case the Money granted for the Use of 1

His Majesty's Navy would be applied with greater Readiness and

Facility when wanted Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords 1 Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Mode of spply- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after f° the Tney Day °* March One thousand eight hundred and eight, as

f the De- often as Money shall be wanted for Services in the Department of the putment Of Commissioners of the Navy, the said Commissioners shall by Letter Commissionen of direct the Treasurer of the Navy to apply to the Treasury for such

bum or Sums as mall be wanted under the Jtlead 01 Wages" or ot General Services" respectively, and no other; in which Letter the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required and directed to specify the Balances in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, in each of these Services respectively, in the Manner following 5 that is to say, the Balance on the Head of General Services shall he specified as it shall stand on the Day when the Letter shall be so written as aforesaid by the said Commissioners to the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Balance on the Head of Wages shall be specified as it shall have flood on the Saturday preceding the Date of the said Letter $ a Copy of which Letter shall b? traafeutted by the Treasurer

eight.

[Ilfh March 1808.]

CAP. VIII.

A.D. 1808.

45° GEO. III. C. 8, 9. 39

if the Navy for the Time being with all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for such Services; in which Memorials the said Treasurer shall pray that such Sums as shall be rrquired by the Commissioners of the Navy may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the other Provisior.s Provisions of contained in the said recited Act, not hereby altered or in any other (hnner Act* doc Adrespecting the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, shall be and remain in full force and effect as if this Act had not been made. rwMiuin owe.

CAP. IX.

An Act for abolishing the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of I.ondort [nth March 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of d*G. 3. c. 80.

4 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein; at, d for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Su-

perannuation Fund; certain Offices in His Majesty's Customs in

England which had been usually granted by Letters Patent under

the Great Seal, and had been found to be unnecessary, were wholly

abolished, and certain other Offices in the said Customs also usually

granted by the like Letters Patent were abolished, so far as any of the Duties thereof appeared not to be necessary or useful, and

Provision was made for the Discharge of such Duties as might be necessary or useful, in such Manner as should be found convenient for the Publick Service; and it is expedient that the Office of Surveyor

of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London should also be abolished, and shall not in future be granted to any Person or Persons by patent or otherwise, but that such of the Duties thereof

as may hereafter be necessary or useful may be executed in such

4 Manner as may be found convenient for the Publick Service 5' Be

it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies Office of Surveyor

and Petty Customs in the Port of London, being an Office the of Subsidies, See*

Duties whereof are in part useful and necessary, shall not froih shall be abolished

and after the passing of this Act, he granted to any Person orhen vacant,

Persons by Patent or otherwise, save as herein after mentioned; and

that, when vacant, the same shall forthwith be abolished, and the same is hereby abolished, save as herein after provided.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Coronuffionen of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, with the Approbation Custon* n»v of the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the Time being, to provide For Duties

the Execution of such of the Duties of the said Office, as shall in of such Offict. their Judgment appear to be necessary or useful, by appointing, by

Instrument or Instruments under their Hands, (with the Approbation aforesaid, ! a proper Person or proper Persons to execute during their Pleasure such necessary and useful Duties of the said Office when vacant as aforesaid, and otherwise to regulate the said Office in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, with the Approbate lion

A.D. 1808.

Ad shall not «£fe& Appointments but in the Manner herein mentioned*

4<5 G 3. c. 109.

[*«]

39 & 40 G.3.73.

C. 9> io, 48° GEO. III.

tion of the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Tune being, shall in their Judgment from Time to Time think fit and proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall or may, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been appointed to execute any of the Duties of the said Office shall, to all Intents and Purposes, have the same Power and Authority to execute and perform such Duties of such Office respectively as they would have had if this Act had not been made, until such Persons respectively or some other Person or Persons shall be appointed to execute such Duties respectively under the Authority of t his Ad; and that all Persons who shall or may be appointed to execute any of the Duties of such Office under the Authority of this Act, shall have the same Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purpose6, to execute and perform such Duties respectively, as the same Persons respectively would have had if such Persons had been appointed to such Office respectively before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the Terms of the Several Warrants which such Persons so to be appointed shall respectively receive from the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for executing such Duties respectively,

CAP. X.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Ijccnor> granted for diddling Spirits in the Low-lands of Scotland) and for better preventing private Distillation*

[llth March 1808.[]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty*3 Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distiling or reSifying Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, on Worts or Wash made for extracting Spirits, and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland,

and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Malt; it was

amongst other Things enacted, That all Licences to make, distil, rectify, or compound Spirits in the Low-lands of Scotland should be granted in the Manner and Form directed by an Act of the

Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for altering, amending, and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, save and except that every such Licence should commence and take Effect from the

First Day of Oclcber in each Year and that no such Licence should be granted, save and except between the First Day of 0Sober and the First Day of November in each Year; provided always, that it ihouhl and might be lawful to and for any licensed Distiller

in the Low-lands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commissioners of f Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District,

'hi*

A.D. 1808,

48° GEO. III.

Cit»

4i

f his or their Licence to be vacated on the Terms and Conditions and

at the Time and in the Manner directed by the said Act of the 1 Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign 5 #any Thing in the said Act or any other Act to the contrary not* f withfbnding; And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Meaning and tree Construction of the said Clause, and it is expedient to

explain and amend the fame Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loris Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and By the Authority of the same, That when and so often as any Distiller or Distillers in the Low-lands of Scotland shall duly deliver up to the said Commissioners of Excise in S: 9thnuf9 or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his, her, or their Annual Licence, to be vacated before the Expiration of the Year for which such Licence shall have been granted, and before be, (he, or they shall have brewed, made, or received, or distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Worts or Wash sufficient to produce Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specifiea and mentioned in such Licence, computing Sixteen Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for erery One hundred Gallons of such Worts and Warn, such Distiller or Distillers shall pay such a Proposition of the Annual Licence Duty as the Whole Quantity of Spirits distilled by him, her, or them, bears to the full Quantity of Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills mentioned in such Licence, or as the whole Quantity of Worts or Wash brewed, made, or received by such Distiller or Distillers bears to the full Quantity of Two thousand and twenty five Gallons of Spirits, calculated at the Strength aforesaid, for each and every Gallon of the full Content and Capacity of such Still or Stills, and computed at the Rate of Sixteen Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of such Worts or Wash: Provided always, that if the Quantity of the Worts or Wash brewed, made, or received by such Distiller or Distillers, computed at the Rate aforesaid, at the Time of vacating such Licence, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits actually distilled by such Distiller or Distillers, under and by virtue of such Licence, that then and in such Case the said Proposition of Licence Duty shall be charged upon and paid and payable by him, her, or them, according to such Proposition of Worts and Wash so brewed, made, or received by such Distiller or Distillers, but not otherwise.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences to be vacated, shall give to the Commissioners, Supervisor, ' Surveyor, or Officer of Excite, Fifteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Person or Persons, of such Intention, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their Still or Stills licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said Commissioners, Supervisor, Surveyor, or Officer shall and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said Licence or Licences, hut not sooner than at and from the End of any One Calendar Month,

from

Dlftillen delivering up annual Licences before their Expiration, fh*U pay the Duty in Proposition to Spirits previously distilled, &c.

Notice of Intention to deliver up fuail Licences.

A.D. 1808.

No Repayment of Licence Duty paid in Advance.

Penalty on Personanot being Piftillers having Walh in their

PoflelUon, lOOl. Ice.

Mitigation not left man aol.

Imprisonment

Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of the Portuguese Territories in South America may be imported in rortuguefe Ships, Sic.

from which Time the Licence Duty shall have been actually paid in Advance by such Person or Persons; it being the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act made and passea in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, that no Part of the said Licence Duty which shall have been actually paid in Advance by such Person or Persons shall be, under any Circumstances or any Account whatsoever, returned or repaid to such Person or Persons.

III. And whereas private and illicit Distillation is in many Parts of Scotland carried on to a great Extent to the manifest Injury of the fair Trader and the veiy great Diminution of the Public k

Revenue: And whereas Warn and other Materials fit and proper for Distillation are often found in the Custody and Possession of Persons notoriously concerned in such illicit Practices, and such

Offenders frequently escape from the Pena!ties of the Law by the Removal and Concealment of their Still or Stills, for remedy whereof be it enacted, that all and every Person and Persons in Scotland, not being an entered Distiller, Brewer, or Vinegar-makes, in whose Possession any Quantity of Wash, fermenting or fermented exceeding the Quantity of Twenty Galions, or any Quantity whatsoever of Low Wines shall be found, shall severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Wash and Low Wines* shall and may be seized or destroyed by any Officer or Officers of Excise; which said Penalty of One hundred Pounds shall and miy be sued for, levied, mitigated, and applied, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for* levied, mitigated, and applied, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Plaint or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Justices of the Peace in Scotland, by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted under any Pretence whatsoever to mitigate or lessen the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds to less than Twenty Pounds; and if the Penalty adjudged against such Person or Persons be not forthwith paid down to the Prosecutor, or to the Person authorised by him to receive the same, such Justices of the Peace by or before whom such Person or Persons was or were convicted, are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required, immediately by their Warrant under their Hands, to commit such Offender and Offenders to the Gaol or Prison of the County for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

CAP. XL

An Act for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguese Ships.

[iith March 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Produce of Braxil,

W or any other Territories of the Crown of Portugal, in South America, to be imported into Great Britain, and Ireland, in Ships of those Countries, or of Portugal; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from

A.D. 1808

43

48° GEO. in 'Ciiffi.

v*d after the passing of this Act* it shall and may be lawful to import into the United Kingdom, directly from Brazil* or any of the Territories and Possessions of the Crown of Portugal on the Continent of South America* in Ships or Vessels built in the Kingdom of Portugal* before the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, or in Ships or Vessels built in any of the aforesaid Territories or Possessions on the Continent of South America* or in Ships or Vessels taken by the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or belonging to any Subjects of the said Government, having Commissions or fetters of Marque and Reprisal from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the Portuguese Government, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England* or any Three or more of them in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or Ip the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Custoras, or any Three or more of them, in Ireland and owned by Subjects of the Portuguese Government resident in the said Territories and Possessions on the Continent of South America* and whereof the Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners at lead are Subjects of the Portuguese Government, and Residents in the said Territories and Possessions, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Territories and Possessions (which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries); and to enter and land such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon Payment of the same Di?tie9 as are now payable on such or similar Articles when imported from the Kingdom of Portugal* subject to the like Conditions and Regulations as in the Case of such Goods not imported in a British-hui\t Ship; any Thing in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of«Shipping and Navigation* or any other A&> to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an A£fc of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported.

[21st March 1808 ]

1 YT J WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow for Two Tears from and after the passing of this Act* an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar* and to extend former Duties on other refined Sugar* to such as fall he pounded* crashed* or broken; and to allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; certain Bounties, under certain Conditions, are allowed % on the Exportation of Raw Sugar the Produce of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported: And whereas it

it expedient that the said Bounties should be further continued, and the said Act amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's ptyft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords

47 O. a. A 1.

c. aa. §8; granting Bounty on Exjwrtation of Raw Sugar continued.

44

A.D. 1808.

Bounty shall be paid only on such Sugars exported direct froip Warehouse.

Continuance of 25 March 1*0©.

C; i2, 13. 48° GEO. III.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Raw Sugar the Produce of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, shall be further continued for the Term herein after mentioned, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act).

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any Raw Sugar, unless the same shall be exported directly from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured at the Time of Importation thereof, and on which the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon shall not have been paid; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Act shall be and it hereby continued, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Lake, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Lake shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services of the late General Viscount J*ake.

[21st March 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your most faithful Commons, has been pleated to declare, That Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Consideration the splendid Atchievements and eminent Services performed by the late General Viscount Lake on the Continent of Europe, and in the East Indies; Your Majesty was desirous to confer some signal Mark of Your Royal Favour upon his Family, in order to enable them to support the Dignity of the Title conferred upon him; and for this purpose to give and grant to his elded Son the present Viscount Lakey and to the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the Deceased, to whom the Title of Viscount Lake, and Baron Lake of Delhi and Lafwary, and of Aston Clinton in the County of Buckingham, shall descend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum; but Your Majesty, not having it in Your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to Your faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant the same, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity to the said Viscount Lakey and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Viscount Lake shall descend, in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Viscount Lakey and his Family: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gra cions Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted/

44 Am

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 13, X4i ij-

45

An Annuity of 2000l. per Ann. settled on Viscount Lake> and the «Two next succeeding Heirs to his Title, to commence from Sept* 11, 1803, and to be paid quarterly/*

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[21st March 1808.]

w This Act is similar in all Respects (except the Date) to 47 Geo. 3. «Jj. 1. c* 33. See the References there* — Continuance of Act in Great Britain 25th March 1809; in Ireland ill April 1809/*

CAP. XV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[21st March 1808.]

11 Number of Forces 124, 063. § I. — §2 to 17, are the same as the like Sessions of 47 Geo. $.Jl. l. c. 32/*

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further >?na£ed, That no General Court-martial for the Trial of any Officer (except in Africa or New South Wales) shall consist of less than Thirteen Members.

Id Members exc

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Court-martial to sentence any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, convicted of Desertion by such Court, to Service in such Country or Place or Places Abroad, or otherwise, and in such Regiment or Regiments, or Corps, as his Majesty shall please to direct, or for Life as a Soldier, or for any Term of Years beyond the Period for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have enlilied, and to a Forfeiture of all or any Part of the Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension or Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Non-commissioned Officer or Smdier from the length or Nature of his Service. u f 20 to 71, are the same as §19/0 70, of 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 32."

LXXII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlilled as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Senrice, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such infilling respectively, be carried before some Justice of the Peace, of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been infilied, and not being an Officer in the Army; and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diflent to such infilling; and upon such Declaration, and returning the Inlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or bid out upon him, such Person or Persons so infilling shall be'forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or mk&f wituLQ the Space of Twenty-four Hours, to return and

pay

Central Courts-Martial to consist of not lefii than ?pt in Africa, Ike.

General Courts-Martialmay sentence Pe-ferters to serve for Life, &c. and to a Forfeiture of Increase of Pay or Pension.

Clause for Relief of Persons hastily enlisting the mfeivss.

Such Persons not paying ths. Money witluu

A.D. 1808.

the limited Time 10 be deemed to lie eiildled; in which Case, or if they erhft, die Juiiiccs to lead over to them certain Sections of the Articles oft' War and odminster certain

Oh*.

ffrcroits enlisted wilder 39 C. 3.

109. for the JEast India Company's Svnl e, Ac.

Aail take the Oath of Allegiance.

pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inliilcd as if he or they had given his or their Afient thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate 5 or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily iniifled himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the Firit Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of Wat*, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of inlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked ( B.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (X>.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the Case of Recruits inlisted to serve either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oaths contained in the Schedules (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Inlistmcut and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that lhrJl aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a falie and untrue Muiter; and the Penalty anil Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

Matters in

England to entitle them to claim Apprentices, who have been bound for Seven Years, Hull take the Oath herein men tioaeJ.

i$ §73 ond 7+ ore the fume as £72 and 73, cf 47 G. 3 Jl> I. c. 32."

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Master in England shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a iSoldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of Seven Years, and unless such Master shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the

Schedule

18080

41

48° GEO. III. Ci$.

Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate k hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (H.)

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Matter in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the patting of this Act, enlist aB a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contract or Indenture of Appren-tkeship, duly extended, signed, and tetted, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall, if entered into prior to the patting of this Act, within Three Months of the pafifing of this A#, and if entered into subsequent to the patting of this Act, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlittment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties r- side, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such Ap-p'c tice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age, and unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Mouth after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his Having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form and Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.)

'€ §77 ts the same as §75, of 47 G. i-fl. 1. r. 32."

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice who shall be claimed by his Master, shall be taken before a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of such Person being an Apprentice, and having enlisted and declared that he was no Apprentice, to commit such Person so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Master, there to remain, until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, except in Scotland} as herein after mentioned, before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters alledged against such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall require, and

to

Hour Master* in Sc otland shall proceed to recover Apprentice*

Apprentices claimed by their Master shall be carried before a <fastice and euounitted.

Justice* to examine upoa Oath, and to keep the Indenture to be produced on the trial.

A.D. 1808.

4t

Offenders Hiatt be tried at the next Quarter 6tffioat

and in Scotland by the Judge Ordinary.

Periods (bed may plead the general Issue.

Treble Cuffs.

All ?uit* to l brougut in fume of the Courts of R^oru of We hiuiulirr, or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scot-

In Scotland, AVion* H- ill he prrri Ted in iha Court of hellion*

C. i$. 48 G£0* l!L

to bind over the Mailer claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think propar, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after directed to be had against such Person so offending.

JLXXX. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender, except in Scotland, as herein after mentioned, may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Sessions of Qyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged mall have been committed, next after such Offenders being brought before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Cause.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every such Offender in Scotland shall and may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in such County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for an Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment.

§ 82 to HO are the same as §79 to 107, of 47 G. c. 32/*

CXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, except in Scotland, as herein after provided, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general Issue, that he or they are not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue, which Special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge; and if the Verdict shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become Nonfmt, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof; that in every such Case the Justice or Justices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall by force and virtue of this Act, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Coils by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

CXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action, or Suit against any Person or Per* foils, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Miuifter of a Court-martial, in reflect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster> or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be raised or Complaint shall be preferred against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to he acted or done in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be raised and Complaint preferred in the Court of Session, and if such Court shall see fit to ^fluilzie the Defendant, or dismiss the Complaint, the Defender or

3'JDefenden

49

A.D. 180ft. 48° GEO. III. C. 15.

Defenders shall have Treble Costs, awarded to him or them by the said Court*

" $ 1149 115, 1169 117> are the same at $ no. III, 112, 113, of m 47 Om 3. jl. 1. c. 32."

CXVIII.*And in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in Offence* vminft

relation to punishng Crimes and Offences committed against former fonner Mutiny

Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, AfopumihsUle '/or punishing Mutiny and Desertion^ and for the better Payment of the

4 Jirmy and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War ' made and established by virtue of the fame be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punisted, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways,

Means, and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this Act may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, ad* judged, and punisted: And every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act stall remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act, and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial, begun under the Authority of such fonner Act, stall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same, but it shall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon any such Trial, and to carry such Judgment into Execution, in like Manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Act.

" $ 119, 120, are the same as §115, 116, of 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 32."

" Continuance of Act in Great Britain, from 24th march 1807 to " 25th March 1808; in Ireland 31st March 1807 to lk April 1808

" Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark9 and Man*, 30th April 1807°

" 1st May 1808; Gibraltar, &c. 24th March 1808 to 25th March 1809. §

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH.

The same as Schedule (A) of 47 G. 3. Ji* 1. c. 32, "

SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM OF OATH. t do make Oath, that I am, or have been, (as the

A Case may be) [fate Occupation if any9 or Jlate if of none'] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish, Place9 &e.] and that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia or any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve His Majesty until shall be legally discharged.

48 Geo. III.

E

C*ij[i 489 GEO. III. AiD*i$o8*

SCHEDULE (C*)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

*Tte same at Schedule (B.) of 47 G. 3. f. I. r* 32."

SCHEDULE (D.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

T A.B., one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magistrate of ), do

hereby certify, That C.D. appeared to be Years

old. Feet inches high. Complexion,

Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and dated himself to be of the Age of

Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled'with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve his Majesty King George the Third, in the Regiment of

commanded by until he should be

legally discharged: And I do hereby certify, that in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the Effect above set forth, and that he received the Sum of

oh being attested, and that I have given to the said C. Z).

a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my Name*

SCHEDULE (E.)

OATH OF ALLEGIANCE, 39 G. 3. r.109.

The same at Schedule (C.) of 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 32."

SCHEDULE (F.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'* CERTIFICATE.

M The same at Schedule (D.) of 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 32."

SCHEDULE (G.)

v FORM OF MASTER'S OATH.

" The same at Schedule (E.) of 47 G. 3- Jl. 1. c. 32."

SCHEDULE (H.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

" The same Ot Schedule (F.) of 47 G. 3. Jl-1, c. 32."

A.D. 1808.

C.i6, 17, it.

4*

ceo. m.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended.

[21st March 1808.]

Recital of Acts, 43 G. 3. c. 11. 45 G. 3. c. 93. ±6 G. 3.

<* c. to 47 G. 3. c. 29. Drawbacks and Bounties in Schedule to recited Act, 45 G. 3. c. 93. shall be paid. §1. If, on 5 May, 5 <c September 1808, or 5 January 1809, the Average Prices of Brown M or Mufcnvado Sugar shall not have exceedea for the preceding " Quarter 70/. /tr £«; /. the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to* 45 G. 3. r. 93. corresponding with the Price, shall be paid, &c. w 2. Whenever under 4. G. 3. c, 42. $ 10. the Treasury shall " fnfpend any Part of the Duty on Raw Sugar imposed by that M Act, they shall also suspend a like Proposition of the Counter-M vailing Duties on Irish Refined Sugar imported, and of the Draw- backs and Bounties on British Refined Sugar exported. §3. Re* " cited Act, 43 G. 3. r. 11, continued to 15 — 25 March 1809. §4'

*4 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 29, and References there.J"

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Irelands and for warehousing in Ireland Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations.

[21st March 1808.]

" 47 G. 3. c. 19. continued till March 25, 1809. § J. 41 G. 3. c, 94. " continued till March 25, 1809. §2. Acts may be altered or re-u pealed this Session. §3."

Cap. xviii.

An Act for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace.

[2lit March 1808.]

M 38 G. 3. 68. (continued by 42 G. 3.. 20. §4.) further cou-

tinued till March 2$, 1814. $ I." t

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of The Duty of the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Ma- 2l. UH.uwkr jesty, as charges a Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every 68.

One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cinnamon, ion Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace exported from Great Britain, shall from exported^ and after the patting of this Act cease and determine. repealed.

El

C. 19, 20, 21.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

5*

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an A8t made in the Forty-4« G. 3. c. 117. sixth Year of His present Majesty*, for permitring the Im-

portation of Malts, Yards, Bowsprits. and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America^ Duty-free.

[21st March r8o8.j

CAP. XX.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; to the Ad-million to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and to the allowing the Importation of Fish from Newfoundland and the Coaitof Labrador.

[21st March 1808.]

26 G. 3. c. 41. for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fisheriea; and so much of 29 G. 3. c. 53. as relates to the Greenland Seas and Davit9* Streights, (last continued by 46 G. 3. £.29. §5.) further continued till March 25, 1810. $ I. — 43 G. 3. c. 68. §39. as relates to the Admission to Entry of Oil or Blubber, &c. (last continued by

46 G. 3. c, 29. §7.) further continued till March 25, 1810. $ 2. —

47 G. 3. c. 24. for allowing Importation of and grant ing Bounty on pickled Salmon and lait Cod, continued till Marco 25, 1810.

§ $"

CAP. XXI.

An Act to empower the Commissioners appointed for distributing the Money paid by the United States of America, to withdraw the Came from the Bank, and invest it in Exchequer Bills.

[2lft March 1808.]

M G. s. c.S9.WHEREAS by an Apaffed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for appoint- ing Commissionert for distributing the Money Jlipulated to oe paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having Claims to Compensation out of such Moneys certain Commissioners were appointed for apportioning, dividing, and distributing the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, which the United States of America engaged to pay by Instaknents for the Use of the Persons described in the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Commerce,

4 Amity, and Navigation, concluded at London on the Fourth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, between His Majesty and the said United States, "in Satisfaction of the Money which the United States might have been liable to pay in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Sixth Article $ which said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds has since been paid; and it was by the said recited Act directed, that the several Instalments of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds Should be paid into

A.D. 1808.

S3

48° GEO. III. C. 2t, 22.

1 into the hands of the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Englandf to the Account of the said Commissioners, and should be and remain in the Names of the said Commissioners, to he paid to the several and respective Persons entitled thereto, under the Order of the said Commissioners or any two of them, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act; And whereas Part of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds' hath already been distributed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said re*

cited Acts but a considerable Time may elapse before all the Claims of Persons entitled to receive any Compensation out of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds are adjudged, and it may be expedient that such Part of the Balance of the said Sum of

Money remaining in the Hands of the Cashier of the find Governor and Company undistributed, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit, should in the mean Time be veiled in Exchequer Billsbe it therefore enabled by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act to withdraw such Part of the Balance of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, remaining in the Hands of the said Cashier of the said Governor and Company, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit, from the Hands of the Cashier of the said Governor mid Company, and to invest the same in Exchequer Bills, which Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Hands of the said Governor and Company, and shall be and remain in the same Names on the same Account and to and for the same Intents and Purposes, and subject to the like Claims of Compensation, in Proposition to the Amount thereof, as well as of the Interest accruing on the said Exchequer Bills, and to the like Orders of Payment, and other Regulations, as the said part of such Balance of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds was pursuant to the said recited act, before the same shall have been so invested in Exchequer Bills as aforesaidd,

Cap. xxii.

An Act for making perpetual several Laws relating to permit* ting the Exportation of Tobacco-Pipe-Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West India; the Importation of Sait from Europe into £pebec in Americas and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.

[S1st March 1808.]

" 17 G. 3. r. 43. §3. — permitting Exportation of Tobacco-Pipe* 14 Clay to the British West Indies (last continued by 43 G. 3. "e, to § a.) made perpetual. §1. — 4 G. a. c. 19. for importing Salt «into Quebec, from Europe (last continued by 43 G. x. c. 29. §7.) u made perpetual. §2. — 6 G. 3. t. 28. so for as prohibits the Im<

Ihe Commissioner* under recited Aftasvwichditu the Buancaat the Bank, and invest the Moses in Exchequer Bill*, to be deposited in the Bank ft* the purpofite of the

fridAfi.

*3

CAX

54

C. 23 —

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the more effectually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[21st March 1808.]

" 4; G. 3. c. 26. for granting Bounty on Hemp and Flax (last con-u tinued by 46 G. 3. c. 29. $ 4.) further continued till March 25, " 1810. ' 1. — 2" G. 3. c. 77. for encouraging Manufacture of Flax "and Cotton (last continued by 26 G. 3. c. 29* $ 8.) further conti-" nued till March 25, 181.0. $2. — 29 G..c, 15. for granting " Bounties on Linen, &c. (last continued by 46 G, 3* r. 29. $ 3.} " further continued till March 25, 1811. §3."

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain % of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships.

[21st March 1808.]

" G. 3. r. 29. (as amended by 45 G. 3. c. 80. §3, 4. and continued by 46 G. 3. c. 29. $9.) further continued until Three u Months aftet the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace*"

CAP. XXV.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious it* Scotland.

[21st March 1808.]

33 G. 3. r. 74. (last continued by 46 G. 3. /. 24.) further contir " nued till July 25, 1609."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council.

[28th March 1808.]

A.D. 1808.

C.a 6.

55

48° GEO. III.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Measures which have been taken by Powers at War with Your Majesty, prohibiting iii Violation of the.

Law of Nations all Intercourse with this Kingdoip, and all Trade*in any Articles of its Growth or Manufacture, have rendered it ne-'ceflary for Your Majesty to issue Orders in Council to counteract the Disadvantages which were thereby imposed upon the Trade of Your Majesty's Subjects, and to retaliate upon the Enemy the Evils ' which he intended to inflict upon this Kingdom: And whereas it is 1 expedient and necessary in order effectually to accomplish the Object of such Orders, that Duties of Customs mould be granted upon certain Goods exported from Great Britain; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom,

in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That from and after tho passing of Duties imposed this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Ma- V*?.

jesty. His Heirs and Successors, upon all Goods, Wares, and Mer- (c.j^Good* duuidize, enumerated or described in the Tables (A.) (B.) and (C») exported from annexed to this Act, exported from Great Britain, the several Duties Great Britain, of Customs, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and im- Duty on greater poled by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, or lei's Wt .-ht Gauge, Measure, or Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize than expressed charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any in the Schedules. greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value particularly inserted, described, and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

(B.) and (C.) in proposition to the actual Weight, Number, QuaQ-tity, or Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

III. And be it further enacted, That where any Goods, Wares, Goodswue-and Merchandize, which are allowed to be, or which shall have been housed, and takes warehoused, or otherwise secured, at the Time of the Importation out for Home thereof, without Payment of the Duties due thereon, shall be taken out or entered Inwards for Home Consumption, and the Duties of Customs and Excise then due thereon shall have been paid, and the Exportation same shall afterwards be entered for Exportation, then and in every under this Act. such Case the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed shall be paid on the Exportation of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, notwithstanding the Payment of any Drawbacks to which the Ex* porter thereof may in such Case under any Law or Laws then in force be entitled.

IV. And whereas by an Order in Council dated the Twenty-fifth of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, it was ordered and declared, that Information of a certain other Order1 in Council of the Eleventh of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, should be taken and held to have been received in the Places herein after mentioned at the Periods respectively assigned to them 5 4 namely, Ports and Places within the Baltic on the Twenty-first of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; other Ports and Places to the Northward of Jimjlerdam on the Eleventh of December

5«

C. 2 6.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Vessel* having failed from certain Port*, before Timet

limited in Order of Council, may proceed from Great Britain with their Car^o, without payment ofsaid Evjjori Duties, &. c. (except Cotton Wool and Bark.)

Exemption for Goods (except Cotton Wool, inir+orted under Licence, dated before 11 Nov. &c.

[Nr 48 G. 3. C. 71.J

LiV. Fxemption for Go»xls im))oited from free Ports in West Indies,

eember One thousand eight hundred and seven; from Amflerdanf. to

UJhant on the Fourth of December One thousand eight hundred and ' seven; from Ushant to Cape Finisterre on the Eighth of December ' One thousand eight hundred and (even; fiom Cape Finisterre to G/-

hr altar inclusive, on the Thirteenth of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; Madeira the Thirteenth of December One thousand eight hundred and seven; Ports and Places within the Streights of Gibraltar to Sicily and Malta and the West Coasts of Italy inclusive, on the First of January One thousand eight hundred ' and eight; all other Ports and Places in the Mediterranean beyond

Sicily and Malta on the Twentieth of January One thousand eight hundred and eight; Ports and Places beyond the Dardanelles on the

First of February One thousand eight hundred and eight; any Part ' of the North and Westera Coast of Africa or the I Bands adjacent, ' except Madeira, on the Eleventh of January One thousand eight hundred and eight; the United States and British Fofleflions in North America and the West Indict on the Twentieth of January One thousand eight hundred and eight5 Cape of Good Hope and the

East Coast of South America on the First of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; InJia on the First of Afqy One thousand eight hundred and eight; China and the Coast of South America on the First of June One thousand eight hundred and eight } bo it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to pret vent any Vessel which shall have failed from any such Port or Place before the Period above specified as aforesaid, and which shall have been brought into or shalt have come into any Port in Great Britain under any Warning gives in pursuance of any of the find Orders in Council, from proceeding on her Voyage to any Port or Place whatever, without entering or landing any Part of her Cargo in Great Britain (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jesuits Bark) and without the Payment of any Duty granted by this Act upon any Part of the Cargo (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, pr Jffuitsftqrk); Provided always, that if the Port or Place to which such Vessel shall proceed, shall belong to a Country in Amity with His Majesty, and from which the British Flag is not excluded, such Vessel shall in that Case be permitted to proceed without being compelled to land any Part of her Cargo, or to pay any Duty imposed by this Act in respect of the same.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Act, any Goods, Wares, o.r Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, and Jesuits Bark) imported into Great Britain in any Vessel, under any Licence bearing Date before the Eleventh Day of November last, or in any Vessel which shall have been cleared out from the Port or Place from which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were imported before the Period in this Act specified, as to such Port or place, as the Period at which the said Orders in Council shall be taken and held to have been received, in any Cases in which the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, upon their Importation, have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation only.

VI. Provided always, and' be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on the Exportation from Great Britain (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, and Je-

*fuiU

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 1$. 57

fab Bark) whidi shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain prior to the first Day of, /* One thousand eight hundred and eight, from any free Port in any of His Majesty's Plantations in the Vef Indies or any other Port or Place, under any Licence from the Governor of any of His Majesty's Plantations auly authorised for that Purpose, bearing Date prior to the Twenty-first Day of January kft, in caie such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall, on their Importation into Great Britain, have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation only.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize described in the said Tables (A.) and (B.) of the Growth and Produce of Saint Domingo, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain by Licence in return for Goods exported to the said Istand, bearing Date prior to the Fifth of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which shall have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation, shall be liable, on the Exportation thereof, to any of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth and P*£ Juce of Saint Domingo, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain under any Licence bearing Date fub* sequently to the hid Fifth Day of February, shall, upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, be chargeable with and subject and liable to One-half Part only of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Description, upon their Exportation from Great Britain

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been or may be condemned as Prize, shall, on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, be charged with and subject and liable to the Duties by this Act imposed on the Exportation of the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jesuits Bark) which shall have been or shall be brought into any Port in Great Britain for Adjudication before the passing of this Act, whether the same shall have been or shall be subsequently restored or condemned as Prize.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Custom9 de-fenbed and set forth in Figures in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) (B.) and {C.) on the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize specified therein, shall be paid to the proper Officer authorised to receive the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, and may and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, and recovered, except where any alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and by the same Means, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, mid also by any such special Means, Ways, or Methods respectively, to former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the same Sorts or Kinds were or might be managed, alcertaioed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, and recovered; sad the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whereon Duties of Customs in by this Act charged, as the same are respectively inserted, described,

under Licence, prior to 1 June 1808.

[\AvswJt 4SG.3, c. 71.!*.]

Exemption for Goods imported from St. Domingo, under Licence dated prior to Feb. 5, 1808. Goods imported under subsequent licences liable to Half the Duties.

For chaiginf the Duties on Prize Goods.

[See 48 G.S. C. 71.]

Duties shall be raised as foradr Dut ies of Customs.

5*

C.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

and set forth in the said Tables, upon Exportation thereof from Great Britain, shall be and the same are hereby made subjedfc and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Securities, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the* like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Revenue of Customs, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the same may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) extend to and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, in respect of the several Duties of Customs hereby charged, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

AfcertaxnTng

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the

Value of said Tables, the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Goods, paying Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Rri-

mtvalortam* are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his known Agent, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Reflections, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and directed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign ay G. 3. c. 13. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of C idioms and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the puhltch Revenue, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize^ the Produce or RianufaBurc of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the Reduction of the National Debt; and in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, chargeable with any such Duty by this Act, according to Value, shall not be valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the prosper Officer or Officers of the Cifstoms, to cause the same to be detained 5 and the said Goode, Wares, and Merchandize shall be dealt w; th, and the proper Officer of the Customs shall proceed, with

relation

C. 2.

59

ID. ifofc 48° GEO. TIL

chrion to the said Goods, Ware*, and Merchandise so detained* is fwy r?spe& in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said

isoted Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, Good* detained or Merchandize, upon which Duties of Customs are hereby imposed, M undervalued

be detained by any Officer of the Customs on account of the same at being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and ac- n'tTOfl|Lj| ccri g to the true Intent and Meaning of this A A, it shall be fevrul for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England i.c S: tland respectively, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them respectively, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended* upon such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in Inland and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall thi'ik fit to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize*

U accept the Terms or Conditions preferred by the said Cora-nuflioner* of the Customs respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor, shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Dan age on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the lame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

XII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties, of Cuf- Dmtwftsllko toms by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners r^y.JL? of the Customs in England for the Time being; a id such thereof as ball arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Whole or any Ships wrivmr

Part of the Cargo of any Vessel, which shall arrive in ar.y Port of JV*1 fi, her " Great Britain shall consist of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize what- their*

erer, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place £aft

within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Good* {fall Merchants of England trading to the East Indiet, such Vessel shall forth- proceed to with proceed to the Port of London, where all such Goods, Wares, and Lmdon, sndb* Merchandize shall be landed, lodged, and secured under His Majesty's rachoutwL Lock, iu some of the Warehouses belonging to the said United Company, at the Expence of the Proprietors of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and be there examined, and an Account taken thereof by the proper Officers of the Customs, and of the Excise in Cases where that Revenue in concerned, and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall remain so secured until the Exportation thereof $ and before any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of Exportation, the several Duties of Customs, as the same are described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.) shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Customs; and in those Cases in the said Table marked 1C.) where the Duties to be paid on the Exportation of any such Goods, Watts, and Merchandize shall not be charged according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but -according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration tf the Proprietor or Jut Juown Agent* in the Manner and Form,

6o

C. 26.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

S7 G. 3.C. 18.

43 G. 3. c. 183.

45 G. 3.C. 87.

46 G. 3. c. 137.

VeflVl* arriving at Oat Port* with part East India Goods not exceeding One-fourth in rahie of the Caigo, maj unload

and under the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and imposed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-sevent li Year of His present Majesty; and in case any such Goods, Ware*, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cudoms to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Cudoms shall proceed in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act: Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so detained, (Cotton Wool excepted) shall be sold only for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that in case any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel so confiding in Part of East Indian Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as aforesaid, shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, such last mentioned Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be duly entered, either to be Secured or lodged in Warehouses, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, of an Act passed in the Fprty.third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Ware-house without Payment of Duty; and of a certain other Act passed in 1 he Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehovfed in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; and of a certain other Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter ike Condition of the Bopd directed to be given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licenced by the Lords of the Admiralty, provided such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize by Law may be so lodged or secured, otherwise the full Duties of Cudoms and of Excise (in Cases where any such Duties are payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize) due thereon, shall be paid to the proper Officers of the Cudoms* and Excise; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so brought into the Port of London, shall, on the Exportation thereof, be charged with the Duties due and payable by this Act on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, as the same are described and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) as the case may be.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller of the Cudoms of any Port in Great Britain, by the Report of anr Vessel which shall arrive at such Port with any Cargo, Part whereof shall confid of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Maoufaftuife of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England

ID. rtoS.

C. 26.

61

48° GEO. III.

laud trading to the Enjl Indie*, that such Goods, Wires, and Merchandized© not exceed in Value One Fourth Part of the whole Va-iseof the Cargo of such Vessel, then and in such Case it shall be Mid for the Owner, Consignee, or Captain of such Vessel, after png such Security as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Moms in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three of them, fcrthe due Conveyance of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as dwfiud, to the Port of London, there to be warehoused as aforesaid, ad not before, to land the Cargo of such Vessel at the Port of her Arrival, except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, sad either to cause such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be conveyed in the same Ship to the Port of London, or to cause the rime to be transshipped in order to be conveyed to the said Port, cpoa the said Security, and under such Regulations and Restrictions fir securing the conveying the same to the said Port, as shall be di-ne&ed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland nripedively.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, brought uto Great Britain, may, if he or they shall be so disposed, instead of paying the full Duties of Customs and Excise due and payable thereon, secure or lodge in Warehouses approved by the Commissioners of the Customs of England or Scotland respectively, without Payment of Duty in the first Instance, any Goods, Wares, iod Merchandize, which, by virtue of any Law in force at the Time of passing this Act, are allowed to be so Secured and warehoused, under the Conditions and Regulations of the said recited Acts passed in the Forty-third, Forty-fifth, and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty respectively; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so warehoused, on which the full Duties of Customs and Excise shall have been paid, shall, on the Exportation thereof, be subject and liable to and be charged with the Duties of Customs mpoled by this Act, as inserted and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, as the Case may be.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, or any Three or more of them, upon the Request of the Owner, Proprietor, or Consignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused, to destroy the same, in such Manner as they shall respectively direct, without Payment of Duty, and upon Payment only of any Charges and Expences due thereon,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said recited Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, by virtue and under the Authority of which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been so lodged or secured, shall, within Fifteen Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day on which such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have made their first Entry thereof, dear and take from and out of such Warehouses or Places respect-rtely all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, either for the Purpose of being exported according to the Directions of this Act, on

Remainder of the Cargo and trxnsship Lett Indie Good* 10 London on Security.

Importers may warehoitfj without Payment of Import Duty, under the general warehousing Act, any Goods which might be so warehoused in Cases of regular Importation.

Goods may be destroyed at Request of Owners.

Warehoused

Good* shall be cleared in 15 Months, &c.

C. 2&

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

Re-exportation of Gcodafo waxebonCed.

Exemption for

Goods exported to Ireland; and Irish Goods exported through Gmc Britain.

Payment of the Duties hereby imposed, or to be used or confome*! in Great Britain .* Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, may legally be taken out for that Purpose, on Payment of the full Duties of Customs and Excise that are or may be due or payable thereon at the Time the same are so taken out; and in case any such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, to cause all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be publickly fold or exposed to Sale 5 and after such Sale, the Produce thereof shall first be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage, and Charges of Warehouse-room, and other Changes that shall anse thereon, next to the Duties of Customs and Excite, and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Proprietor or other Persons authorised to receive the same: Provided always, that m case any Goods, Wares, or Merchan-.dize, so remaining and directed to be sold, shall be of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be prohibited to be used or consumed in Great Britain, then and in such Case all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be sold only for the Purpose of being exported, and not on any Pretence whatever to be used or consumed in Great Britain; provided that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so fold, unless a Price can be obtained for the same caual at least to the full Amount of all Duties, of Customs and Excite, charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Expences; but if such Price cannot be obtained, then and in such Case all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be effectually destroyed by and in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs, and also the Officers of the Excise in case any Duties of Excise are payable thereon, who are hereby respectively authorised and required to destroy the same accordingly; and the Proprietor or Owner of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall have no Claim, either in Law or Equity, to the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, so destroyed as aforesaid, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, may be re-exported to the Country from which they were brought, or to the Country from which the Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were imported shall belong or shall have belonged, without Payment of the Duties imposed by this Act, and upon Payment only of such Warehouse or rort Duties as shall have become due thereon, provided that the BrU tish Flag shall not, at the Time of such Re-exportation, be excluded from such Country respectively.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Duties imposed by this Act on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, that shall be exported from Great Britain to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; or on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, having been imported from thence directly to Great Britain, on the Exportation thereof to any Country whatever.

7

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 2.

63

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing i& this Act contained shall extend or be conit rued to extend, to charge the Duties by this Act imposed on the Exportation of any Flour or Meal, or Articles not being either in the Whole or in Part moofactured, being of the Growth or Produce of any State in htnj>e or America in Amity with His Majesty, and imported in cy Ship belonging to such State, or in any British Ship navigated according to Law directly from any such State; (except Coffee, Scpr, Pimento, Cocoa Nuts, Hides, Tallow, Gil, and Cotton Wool or 1 am, or Jesuits Bark.)

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by this -Act any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in Africa or America, which flail have been imported directly from such Cojony, Plantation, or Settlement respectively and exported to any Port or Place whatever.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, that shall have been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or by any Subjects of His Majesty trading within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company with their Licence, upon the Exportation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain to any Port or Places whatever.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the Duty by this Act imposed on any Wine, Spirits, or Tobacco, which mail be shipped for the Use of His Majesty's Army or Navy; but such Wine, Spirits, or Tobacco, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions, Limitations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which such Articles so shipped would have been subject and liable, if this Act had not been made.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties by this Act imposed any the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, are or may be by Law authorised and empowered to grant.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britainf shall not be charged or payable on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not man ufaft ured either in the Whole or in Part, nor upon any Wine or any Article of Provision

Brits excepted) exported to any British Colony, Plantation, or iement, in Africa or America, or to any British Settlement within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

Exemption for Goods the Produce of Countries at Amity.

Exception.

Exemption for Goods of British Colonies.

Exemption for Goods imported! hyEast India Company, or under their Lictnoe.

Exemption for Wine* Spirits, and Tolwcco, for Army and Navy.

Exemption far Goods exported to Iflcof Men.

[£ee48 G. 3. c. 71-a.]

Exemption for Goods exported to British Colonies (Spirits excepted).

C. 26-

A. D-1808.

48° GEO. III.

American Vessels entering British Ports in confc-qucxice of warning exempt from '1 onnage Duties under

87 G. 3. c. 97. §17.

Saving for Privileges of tin several Dock Companies.

Cotinuance of Duties (unlefii suspended).

Act may be suspended by Order in CoundL

This Act shall not prevent the King prohibiting Exportation.

Duties in Table (A.) annexed to this Act shall be in lieu of Export Dudes under 43 G. 3. C. 70. It 139.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel of the United States of America which shall enter any Port in Great Britain or Ireland in consequence of her having been warned not to proceed to a blockaded Port under His Majesty's Order in Council of the Eleventh of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be liable to be charged with the Duty of Two Shillings a Ton of the Burthen of any Ship or Vessel belonging to the inhabitants of the said United States, imposed by an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, which has been continued and revived by several subsequent Acts.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to affect or take away any of the Rights or Privilege? of the West India Dock Company, of the London Dock Company, or of the East India Dock Company.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Act shall continue in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament, unless His Majesty, by His Order in Council, shall think fit to suspend or reduce the same, or any Part thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time, by Order in Council, to suspend the Operation of this Act as to any Duties, or any Proposition or Part of any Duties granted by this Act, in respect of any Country for the Time being in Amity with His Majesty, and to allow the Exportation to any such Country so in Amity with His Majesty as aforesaid, of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, made subject by this Act to any Duties on Exportation, without the Payment of such Duties, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Restrictions, as to His Majesty may seem fit.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent His Majesty from prohibiting the Exportation of any Articles, Matters, or Things, to any Country or Place from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Case in which it would have been lawnil for His Majesty to prohibit such Exportation, if this Act had not passed.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated and described, and which by another Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, were directed to be paid on all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (Sugar excepted) which should be exported from the Warehouses or Places in which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been lodged or secured, under the Directions of the said last recited Act, shall not be due or payable on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so exported, on which other Duties are charged, according to the Table marked (A.) hereunto annexed, but that

A.D. 1808.

C. 26.

*5

48° GEO. III.

the Duties on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as set forth in the said Table, shall, during the Continuance of such Duties, be in/lead and in lieu of the Duties charged and imposed thereon by the said Two last recited Acts passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising born the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed (the necessary Charge of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue 5 and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever5 and the said Monies so paid in as aforesaid, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such services as mall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any Order in Council referred to in this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, anl give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defend mts in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment. shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other Cases to recover Colls by Law.

M Act may be amended, &c. §33; [&r 48 Geo. 3. c. 71.]"

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of Duties of Customs, payable on the Exportation of certain Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or deferfbed, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (which, on Importation, are allowed to be secured under the Regulations of the 43 Geo. III. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 48 Geo. III. 4 F*and

Application of Duties!

Limitation of Actiont.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

C 26.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

and 46 Geo. III. cap. 137. without Payment of the Dutie due thereon) m9 and which shall be exported from Grea Britain s except as is provided in the AOt to which thi Table is annexed.

Duty. '

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Barilla* the cwt.

Bark* viz. Jesuits' Bark* or Cortex Peruvianus* the lb.

Bowfprita. See Mads* in Wood.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides! See Hides.

Cochineal* the lb.

Cocoa Nuts* the cwt.

Coffee* the cwt.

Cortex Peruvianus. See Bark.

Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Currants* the cwt.

Denia Raisins. See Raisins. '

Faro Raisins. See Raisins.

Figs, the cwt.

Fir Timber. See Timber* in Wood.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Ginger* the cwt.

Gum* viz.

- Arabic* the cwt.

..Senega* the cwt.

Hemp* rough or undressed* the cwt.

Hides* viz. Buffalo* Bull* Cow* or Ox Hides* not tanned*

tawed* or in any way dressed* the hide Jalap* the lb.

Jesuits' Bark. See Bark.

Indigo* the lb

Iron* in Bars* the Ton* containing 20 cwt.

Kelp, the Ton* containing 20 cwt.

Lexia Raisins. See Raisins.

Lipari Raisins. See Raisins.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Manna* the lb.

Mails. See Wood.

Melasses, the cwt.

Oak Timber. See Timber* in Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

- ordinary Oil of Olives, the Tun* containing 252

Gallons -

Salad Oil* the Gallon -

Ox Hides. See Hides.

Pimento* the lb.

o

o

10

6

I 0 c

X 8 c

09*

0 7 0

0 7 0

0 10 0

0 to 0

0 iS 0

0 3 0

0 0 6

0 2 0

5 0 0

4 0 0

0 0 6

0 5 0

10 10 0

0 1 0

0 0

Pitch#

A.D. 1808.

48 GEO. III.

67

C. 26.

TABLE (A.)

Pitch, the last, containing is Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons -

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £100 of the Value thereof Prohibited Goode, viz. Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for every £100 of the Value thereof Quicksilver, the lb.

Raisins, viz.

- Belvidere Raisins, the cwt.

- Denia Raisins, the cwt.

- Faro Raisins, the cwt.

- Lexia Raisins, the cwt.

- Lipari Raisins, the cwt.

- Smyrna Raisins, the cwt.

- of the Sun, the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Rolin, the cwt.

Rum. See Spirits.

Saffron, the lb.

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Sena, the lb* -

Silk, viz.

- Raw Silk, the lb.

- Thrown Silk, the lb.

- Waste Silk, the lb.

Smalts, the lb.

Smyrna Raisins. See Raisins.

Spirits, viz.

--Brandy, Angle the Gallon

- above Proof, the Gallon

"- — -Geneva Angle, the Gallon

above Proof, the Gallon

20

- Rum Angle, the Gallon

--above Proof, the Gallon

- of any other Kind, Angle, the Gallon' — - --- — - above Proof, {he Gallon

ar, viz.

- Brown, or Muscovado, the cwt.

Fa

Duty.

/ dm

4 4

20 0

0 X O

0 4 6

0 4 0

0 4 6

0 4 6

0 4 6

0 5 0

094

' 0 4 0

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 0 9

0 3.0

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 4

0 0 8

0 X 4

0 0 8

0 1 4

0 0 8

0 X 4

0 10 0

Sugar,

C. 3d.

A.D. 1809.

5*

48° GEO. III.

Ascertaining Value of Goods, paying Duties mi valorem.

41 G. 3. c. 13.

and set forth in the said Tables, upon Exportation thereof from Greet* Britain, shall be and the same are hereby made fubied and liable to all. and every the Conditions, Regulations, Securities, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the* like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in foKe on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Revenue of Custotns» except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the same may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) extend to and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, in respect of the several Duties of Custom8 hereby charged, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the said Tables, the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Brt- tain, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof such Value shall be considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his known Agent, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and directed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties com-po/ing the publick Revenue, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacturee of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the ReduBion of the National Debt; and in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, chargeable with any such Duty by this Act, according to Value, shall not be valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cilstoms, to cause the same to be detained; and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officer of the Customs shall proceed, with

relation

lDLrfo8.

C. 26

59

48° GEO. TIL

sates to the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so detained,

rerr nefpe£t in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said

1sad Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, Goods detain! r Merchandize, upon which Duties of Customs are hereby imposed, »undervalued L* be detained by any Officer of the Customs on account of the same r: 5£: ag valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and ac- ^nJy^Ld.: ri g to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall be i^r^l for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England t-s Ze tland respectively, for the Time being, or any Three or more ct tistn respectively, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction 6st no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended, ipaa such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumstances of the Cate shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in inland and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall ar.k fit to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, haft accept the Terms or Conditions prefer; bed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor, shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Dan. age on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the hz*, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

XII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Cuf- Duties ft>0k toms by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; a d such thereof as ante in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland fat the Time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Whole or any Ships amvmr Part of the Cargo of any Vessel, which shall arrive in any Port of fi, hcr Great Britain shall consist of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize what- thei7

ever, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Goods shall Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, such Vessel shall forth- proceed to with proceed to the Port of London, where all such Goods, Wares, and London, and bo Merchandize shall be landed, lodged, and secured under His Majesty's warehoused" Lock, in some of the Warehouses belonging to the said United Com-assy, at the Expence of the Proprietors of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and he there examined, and an Account taken thereof by the proper Officers of the Customs, and of the Excise in Cases where that Revenue ia concerned, and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall remain so secured until the Exportation thereof; and before any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of Exportation, the several Duties of Customs, as the same are deferihed and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.) shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Customs; and in those Cases in the said Table marked 1C.)where the Duties to be paid on the Exportation of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall not be charged according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but 'according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration tf the Proprietor or his Jtnown Agent, in the Manner and Form,

TABLE (B.)

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

Iron, viz. Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cwt; Isinglass, the cwt.

Lemons, the 1000 -

Linseed. See Seed.

Madder, viz.

Mull, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Oats. See Corn.

Oils, viz. Seed Oil of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Oranges, the 1000 Pease. See Corn.

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pork, the cwt.

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter wanted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every jgioooof the Value thereof Rye. See Com.

Safflower, the cwt.

Salt, the Buflicl, containing 56 lbs.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Seed, viz. Linseed, or Flax Seed, the Bushel Seed Oil. See Oil.

Sjpaniih Wool. See Wcol.

Tow, the cwt.

Vaionia, the cwt.

Verdigris, viz.

common, the lb.

- crystallized, the lb.

Wheat. See Com.

Wheat-meal and Flour. See Corn.

Wool, viz. Spanish Wool, the cwt.

Yarn, viz. Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, the cwt.

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this Table is annexed. I

Duty.

A / dm

1 to O

S O O

X 0 0

0 1 s

0 12 0

0 xo 0

0 4 0

10 xo 0

1 0 0

0 17 6

20 0 0

X 0 0

0 2 0

X 8 0

0 x 6

0 5 0

0 5 0

o

X

o

10

6

o

o

0

TABLE

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 26.

71

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, not having been imported by the said Company, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, except as is provided in the A£fc to which this Table is annexed.

Annotto, the cwt.

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arrack. See Spirits.

Bandanna Handkerchiefs. See Handkerchiefs.

Barilla, the cwt.

Bark; viz. Jesuits' Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb. Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides. See Hides.

Calicoes; viz.

- YPhite, whether plain, flowered, or stitched,

for every £100 of the Value — — Printed, painted, stained, or dyed, for every £100 of the Value Cassia Lignea, the lb.

China Ware, or Earthen Ware, for every £100 of the Value

Cinnamon, the lb.

Cloves, the lb.

Cochineal, the lb.

Duff, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the cwt.

Coffee, the cwt.

Copper; viz. Copper in Bricks, Rose Copper, Cast Cop.

per, and Copper in Plates, the cwt.

Cortex Peruvianus. See Jesuits, Bark in Bark.

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every iZioooof the Value Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Dimity; viz. Plain White Dimity, for every jffioo of the Value EarthenWare. See China Ware.

Flax, rough or undreffect, the cwt.

Galls, the cwt.

Ginger, the cwt.

Granilla, the lb.

F4

Duty.

£. /. d.

4 O

0 8 0

0 6 0

*5

*5

o

25

o

o

o

0

1 I

o

6

o

6

3

7 3 o

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

o

*5 0 0

0 10 O

1 5 0

0 7 ©

0 5 0 Gum;

C. 26.

A.D. 1808.

7*

48° GEO. III.

TABLE (B.)

Gum; viz.

- Arabic, the cwt.

Gum Senega, the cwt.

Handkerchiefs of Silk, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, each -

Hemp, rough or undressed, or another vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, the cwt. Hides, viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Hide Jesuits* Bark. See Bark.

Indigo, the lb.

Mace, the lb.

Madder Root, the cwt.

Manna, the lb.

Melasses, the cwt.

Muslins, plain, for every j£ioo of the Value Nanquin Cloths, for every £ioo of the Value Nutmegs, the lb.

Oil, viz.

- of Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Cloves, the oz.

- of Mace, the oz.

- of Nutmegs, the oz.

Ox Hides. See Hides.

Pepper, the lb.

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, being of the Growth Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £100 of the Value thereof Quicksilver, the lb.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt..- -

Rum. Sec Spirits.

Safflower, the cwt.'

Saffron, the lb.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Sena, the lb.

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Silk, viz.

- Handkerchiefs. See Handkerchiefs.

- Raw Silk, the lb.

- WafteSilk, the lb.

Spirits, viz.

- Arrack, Angle, the Gallon

Duty.

£. /. d.

0 10 0

0 10 0

0 1 6

05 0

0 3 0

0 2 0

0 8 0

05 0

0 0 6

0 5 0

25 0 0

*5 0 0

0 5 0

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 5 0

0 4 0

0 0 3

20 0

0 1 0

0 2 0

0 2 0

1 7 0

0 3 0

r 8 0

0 © 6

0 2 €

0 0 6

0 1 0

Spirits,

TABLE (C.)

Duty.

Spirits, continued.

- Arrack, double, the Gallon

- Brandy, single, the Gallon

double, the Gallon

Rum, Tingle, the Gallon double, the Gallon of any other kind, single, the Gallon ----- ----- double, the Gallon

Sugar, viz.

- Brown or Muscovado, the cwt.

- White or Clayed, the cwt.

Tea, viz.

- Black, the lb.

- Green, the lb.

Tobacco, the ib.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Wool, viz. Cotton Wool, the lb.

Yarn, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not particularly enumerated or described in this Table, being prohibited to be worn, used, or consumed in Great Britain, for every j£ioo of the Value

AH Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trad ing to the East Indies, not particularly enume rated or described in this Table, and not having been imported by the said Company, for every j£ioooof the Produce and Amount of those Duties of Customs imposed by the 43d Geo. 3. cap. 68. on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respective ly, when imported by the said Company, which are due and payable when the same are taken out of the Warehouse, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain

£. j. d.

O 2 0

0 0 8

O 1 4

O 0 8

O 1 4

0 0 8

0 X 4

O 10 0

O H 0

O X 0

0 2 0

0 0 9

0 2.0

25 0

40

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this Table is annexed.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions.

[28th March 1808.]

11 So much of 41 G. 3, c. 36. as enables the Lord Lieutenant to " prohibit the Exportation of Provisions, &c. (last continued by

4 '46

A.D. 180S.

C. 27, 28. 48° GEO. III.

" 46 G. 3.*. 29. f 10.) further continued till Marti 25, 1808, ex. " cept so far at relates to the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour to Great Britain. §1. Act may be altered or repealed this " Session. §2."

uC.l. c. 1*.

Ptrtks hnpoTcd according to Schedules (A)

Goods ex|*oct«a fenireUwL

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated.

[i4^h April 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS certain Duties have been imposed in Great Britain, by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the End of the next Session of Parliament,

Duties of Customs on the Goodsf Wares, and Merchandise therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council\ 4 and it is therefore expedient that corresponding Duties should be granted upon certain Goods exported from Ireland; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech

Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated or described in the Tables (A.) and (B.) annexed to this Act, exported from Ireland, the several Duties of Customs, as the same are respe£fc» ively described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables.

*" Goods warehoused and taken out for Home Consumption, shall be* liable to Duties on Exportation under this Act. $ z.

[As $ 3 of 48 G. ?.. 26.3 Vessels having failed from certain Ports, before " Times limited by Orders of Council in Great Britain, may proceed M from Ireland with their Cargo without payment ot said Export Duties. §3.

[&r aS G. 3. c. 26. §4.3 Exemption for Goods (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jesuits' Bark) imported under Licence dated before N v. 11, 1807, and cleared out before said Periods and warehoused for Exportation. §4. Like Exemption for Goods imported from Free Ports in the West Indies under Licence* before 1 Jane, 1808. §5. Exemption for Goods imported from St. Domingo under Licence dated prior to 5 Feb. 1808. Goods imported under subsequent Licences liable to half Duties. §6. Du- ties on Prize Goods. $ 7.

[See §5*6, 7, 8 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.3* Value of Goods paying Duty ad-fsorem shall be ascertained, &c. as under 46 G. 3. c. 87. $ 8. Goods detained as under-valued, may " be restored on the Entry being amended. $ 9.

[As §11 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.3 Importers may warehouse without Payment of Im- port Duty, any Goods which by Law might be so warehoused, m cases of regular Importation. $ 10. Goods may be destroyed at Request of Owners. $ n.

[As f 16 of 48 G. 3. r. 26.] Ware- housed Goods shall bs cleared within the Time required by Law; or

" shall

A.D. 1808.

Cal.

75

48° GEO. III.

" shall be sold or re-exported, 8cc.§ 12..Exemption from Dutr for Goods*exported to Great Britain, and British Goods exported through /rx-" land. $ 13. £ $ 18 0/48 G. 3. c. 26.] Exemption for Goods, the

M Produce of Countries in Amity. §14. Exemption for Goods of u British Colonies. §15. £x/r $ 19, 20 of 48 G. 3..26.3 Ex-" emption for Wine, Spirits, and Tobacco for Army and Navy*

" §16.

[^x $ 22 of 48 G. 3. r. 26.] Exemption for Goods ex-u ported to British Colonies (except Spirits). §17.

[At §24 of

"48 G. 3. c. 26.]"

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall HU MiJjflj m be lawful for His Majesty at any Time by Order in Council, or for the Lonl lies-the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and tenant, Ste-the Privy Council of Ireland, to suspend the Operation of this Act fufp as to any Duties, or any Proposition or Part of any Duties granted by this Act, in respect of any Country for the Time being in Amity with His Majesty, and to allow the Exportation to any such Country so iu Amity with His Majesty as aforesaid, of any Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize made subject by this Act to auy Duties on Exportation, without the Payment of such Duties, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Restrictions as to His Majesty may seem fit.

u This Act shall not prevent the King from prohibiting Exportation. §19.

[As §29 of 48 G. 3* c. 26.3 Duties under Ma-u nagement of Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and " carried to Consolidated Fund of Ireland. $ 20. Duties shall be M levied as other Duties of Custom. §11. Limitation of A&iono.

" Three Months — General Issue — Treble Costs. $ 22. Act may be " altered or repealed. $ 23. Continuance of Duties till the End of " the next Session of Parliament. $ 24."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be charged upon the Exportation from Ireland of the Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize heretn-aiter enumerated and described, and which on Importation are or may by Law be allowed to be warehoused or secured without Payment of Duties \ (videlicet, }

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Barilla, the c\yt.

Bark, viz. Jesuits' Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb. Bowsprits. See Mads, in Wood.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides. See Hides.

Cochineal, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the cwt.

Duty.

d. X. d

o 10 o o 6

7

o a

Coffee,

0

1

Coffee, the cwt. -Cortex Peruvianus. See Bark.

Cotton Wool. See W00L Cotton Yarn. See Yam.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Currants, the cwt.

Denia Raifina. See Raififts.

Faro Raisins. See Raisins.

Figs, the cwt.

Fir Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Ginger, the cwt.

Gum, viz.

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Senega, the cwt.

Hemp, rough or undreffect, the cwt.

Hides, viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreffect, the Hide -Jalap, the lb.

Jesuits' Bark. See Bark.

Indigo, the lb. -

Iran, in Bars, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Kelp, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Lexia Raisins. See Raisins.

Lipari Raisins. See Raisins.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Manna, the lb.

Mails. See Wood.

Melasses, the cwt.

Oak Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

- ^-ordinary Oil of Olives, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

- Sallad Oil, the Gallon Oz Hides. See Hides.

Pimento, the lb.

Pitch, the Last, containing 12 Bamls, each Barrel not exceeding 315 Gallons Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particu larly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every j£ioo of the Value thereof Prohibited Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchan dize, not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Li;

j. dm

o

9

7

7

10 o 10 o 15 o

3 1 o 6

2 O o o o o

o 6

J

10

o

2 6

o nf

4

20

o o

nuts

/ d.

10 0 0

0 1 0

0 4 6

0'4 0

O 4 6

O 4 6

0 4 6

O 5 0

094

O 4 0

O 2 0

O 2 0

O 0 9

O 2 0

O 3 0

O 0 6

0 2 6

0 4 0

O 0 6

O 0 6

O 0 7i

O 1 3

O 0 7 4

O t 3.

0 0 li

0 1 3,

O 0 74

O 1 3

0 10 0

O 14 0

O 7 0

0 4 4

O 0 i\

O 3 6

5 13 0

1 0 0

mits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £ioo of the Value thereof Quicksilver, the lb.

Raisins, viz.

; - Bel vide re Railing, the cwt.

- Denia Raifyis, the cwt.

- Faro Railing, the cwt.

- Lexia Raisins, the cwt.

- Lipari Raisins, the cwt.

- Smyrna Raisins, the cwt.

- ' — of the Sun, the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Rosin, the cwt.

Rum. See Spirits.

Salt, the Bushel of 56 lbs.

Saffron, the lb.

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Sena, the lb.

Silk, viz.

- Raw Silk, the lb.

- Thrown Silk, the lb.

- Waste Silk, the lb.

Smalts* the lb.

Smyrna Raisins. See Raisins.

Spirits, viz.

- Brandy, single, the Gallon

- above Proof, the Gallon

Geneva, single, the Gallon -

- above Proof, the Gallon

- Rum, single, the Gallon

- above Proof, the Gallon

- of any other Kind, single, the Gallon

- above Proof, the Gallon -

Sugar, viz.

- Brown or Muscovado, the cwt.

- White or Clayed, the cwt.

Tallow, the cwt.

Tar, the Last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31$ Gallons Timber. See Wood.

Tobacco, the lb.

Turpentine, common, the cwt.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Wine, of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Wood, viz.

- Mahogany, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Wood,

7a

48° Geo. nr.

A.D. 1808.

£. 1.

d.

Wood, continued.

- Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, viz.

- « Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight

Inches, the Piece

Eight Inches in Diameter, and under

Twelve Inches, the Piece

1 Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards,

the Load of 50 cubic Feet

- Oars, the 120

Timber of all Sorts, the Load of 50

Cubic Feet

Wool, viz. Cotton Wool of all Sorts, the lb.

Yards. See Mails, in Wood.

Yarn, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which are or may by Law be allowed to be warehoused or secured without Payment of the Duty on the first Entry thereof, for every £100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties chargeable by Law on the Importation thereof into Ireland

O

0

1

2

1

o

o

40

S o 10 a

7 o

o q

7 o

o 9

2 o

o o

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this Table is annexed.

SCHEDULE (B.)

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be charged on the Exportation from Ireland of the Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after enumerated or described, which oti Im-

portation are not allowed to be warehoused or secured, without Payment of Duty > {videlicet, )

Duty.

Anchors, for every j£ioo of the value Annotto, the cwt.

Argol, the cwt.

Allies, viz Pot and Pearl Allies, the cwt.

Bark, viz. the cwt.

- Oak Bark, having been imported from America

- from any other Place

Barley. See Com.

Beans. See Corn.

Beef, salted, the cwt.

Beer or Bigg. See Com.

Bread or Biscuit, the cwt.

Butter, the cwt.

£. 1. d.

58 18 IQ

4 1 a

0 6 7

0 H 9

0 7 11

0 6 11

0 14 6

0 5 0

1 0 0

Cables,

Cables, the cwt.

Cassia Lirnea, the lb.

Cheese, the cwt.

Cochineal Dust, the lb.

Copper, the cwt. viz.

--Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and Cad Copper

- in Plates -

Cordage, the cwt.

Corn, viz.

--Wheat, the Barrel

« — > Rye, the Barrel'-

--Pease, the Barrel

- Beans, the Barrel

--Bailey, the Barrel 7

--Beer or Bigg, the Barrel

- Oats, the Barrel — - Indian Corn or Maize, the Barrel — - Wheat-meal and Flour, the cwt.

--Oatmeal, the cwt.

Fish, viz.

--Stock Fish, the 120

--not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Flax, viz.

--rough or undressed, the cwt.

- Seed, or Linseed. See Seed.

Galls, the cwt.

Granilla, the lb.

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

Iron, viz.

- Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Iiinglass, the cwt.

Lemons, the 1000

Linseed. See Seed.

Madder, viz.

--Mull, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Oats. See Corn.

Oil, viz. Seed Oil of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Oranges, the 1000 Pease. See Corn.

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pork, the cwt.

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned! as Prize, not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country

£. d.

I3 3

O 7 6

07 7

O 5 0

2 1 5

2 8 5

I >4 3

O 6 0

O 3 0

O 3 0

O 3 0

O 3 0

O 3 0

O 3 0

O 3 0

0 5 0

O 4 0

O 5 7

O 4 0

OJ 4

I 3 4

O 7 6

z9 6

5 10 10

1 6 1

0 2 5

0 18 5

0 12 0

0 5 6

17 5 2

19zz

07 0

pw/&

48. G. if. c. 33, 84 far Great Britain.]

Jesuits Bark: and Cotton Wool Anil nor be exported from Ireland, except to Great Britain, &c.

Lord Lieutenant

may authorize the Exportation to State* iu Amity.

SCHEDULE {B.)

or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £100 of the Value*Safflower, the lb.

Saltpetre, theewt.

Seed, viz. Linseed, or Flax Seed, the fiufhel

Spanish Wool. See Wool.

Tow, theewt.

Vaionia, the cwt.

Verdigris, viz.

- common, the lb.

- ' crystallized, the lb.

Wheat. See Corn.

Wheat-meal and Flour. See Corn.

Wool, via. Spanish Wool, the cwt.

Yarn, viz. Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, the cwt.

Duty.

£. / d.

20 0 0

1 7 11

1 8 1

0 1 10

0 7 7

O 10 6

0 0 11

0 2

s 6 4

I 7 5

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table; whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Act to which this Table is annexed.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit for a limited Time the Exportation of Jesuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland except in the Manner herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Ireland, or shall lade or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, any Jesuits Bark or Cotton Wool in order to be carried, exported, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place, except to Great Britain, and also except as herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, by any Licence under his Hand, to authorize any Person to export from Ireland for his or their own Account, or for Account of any Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with His Majesty,

1

A.D. 1808.

8i

48° GEO. III. C. 2p) 30.

any Jesuits Bark or Cotton Wool, under such Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities, as may be specified in the said Licence.

[Exportation of

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation in any Jesuits Bark Ship or Vessel of War, belonging to His Majesty, or in any Trans- dw

port Vessel in the Service, of any Jesuits Bark for the Use of His Majesty's Army or Navy, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, may direct.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- and for the Use ful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any of Crew* of Four or more of them, by Licence under their Hands, to permit Ships.

the Exportation of Jesuits Bark for the use of the Crew or other Persons on board of any Ship or Vessel on which the same shall be laden, in such Quantities (not exceeding One Pound Weight for every Five Men of the Crew or other Persons on board any such Ship or Vessel), and under such Regulations as the said Commissioner of Customs shall prescribe, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Jesuits Bark and Cot- Jesuits Berk end

ton Wool which shall be exported, carried, or conveyed in or laid Cotton Wool on board any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, tQ tlli#

carried, or conveyed out of Ireland, contrary to this Act, shall be^fl2u forfeited, and that every Offender therein shall forfeit also the forfeited,

sum of Forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Jesuits Bark together with or Cotton Wool which shall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, 40#-j*; r 1 or so laden in or laid on board any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of Ireland; and also the Ship, Vessel, ' or Boat, wherein the same shall be exported, or in or upon which the same shall be laden or laid in order to be exported, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

" Penalties shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties against " Custom Laws in Ireland. §6. Actions against Persons refilling <c to clear out Vessels, with Bark intended to be exported before €€ passing this Act, declared void, &c. §7. Act may be altered* this Session. §8. Continuance of Act till end of next Session.

"§9-"

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of Irifc Acis

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regu- 33 G. 3. c. 31.

fating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies, under 5 13*

certain Conditions and Provisions, for a Time therein mentioned, it

is among other things enacted, that no Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Countries or Ports within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the United

48 Geo. III. G*Company

Sa

C*

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Ships arriving in Ireland from the fall Indies in pursuance of any Order in Council, shall proceed to London without being liable to Forfeiture on account of having come to Ireland.

Vessels arming with Fail India Goods, not exceeding One-Iourth of the Cargo may Unlade the Remainder, and transship the East India Goods 10 London.

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus»

shall be permitted or allowed to be carried to or imported into or

landed in Ireland, but such only as shall be laden and shipped at the

Port of London in British or Irish Ships: And whereas it may happen that Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Pro*- du&, or Manufacture of the Countries and Places aforesaid, may

arrive at some Port or Place in Ireland, in pursuance or in confequence of certain Orders in Council relative to Trade and Navigation; and it is expedient that Provision should be made respecting the same be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any Vessel which shall arrive in any Port of Ireland, in pursuance or in consequence of any Order of His Majesty in Council, or of any Older by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland, shall consist of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, such Vessel shall forthwith be permitted to proceed and shall proceed to the Port of London, and the said Ship or Vessel, and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be there dealt with according to Law; and such Ship or Vessel, or the Goods, Tackle or Furniture of the same, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize*laden therein, shall not be subjedfc or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on account of having come into such Port contrary to any of the Provisions in the said recited Act contained; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary no t with (landing.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector, Comptroller, or other proper Officer of any Port in Ireland, by the Report of any Vessel which shall arrive at such Port with any Cargo, rart whereof shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produdfc, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize do not exceea in Value, One-fourth Part of the whole Value of the Cargo of such Vessel, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Owner, Consignee, or Captain of such Vessel, after giving such Security as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland or any Four of them, for the due Conveyance of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid to the Port of London, to land the Cargo of such Vessel, at the Port of her Arrival, except such Goods, Wares, and Merchant dize of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture aforesaid, and either to cause such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be conveyed in the same Ship to the Port of London, or to cause the same to be transshipped in order to be conveyed to the said Port, upon the said Security and under such Regulations and Restrictions for securing the conveying the same to, the said Port as shall be directed by the said Commissionera of Customa and Fort Duties; any Thing in the said

*3

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. fc. 30, 31*

fad recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Countries or Ports within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, which shall have been imported into Ireland from Great Britain according to Law, shall and may be exported from Ireland to any Port or Place whatsoever, without the Payment of any Duty on the Exportation thereof; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of such Exportation to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens, to certain other Tokens, which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Circulation of the said lad mentioned Tokens.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing toe counterfeiting of certain Silver Cointjfuedby the Banks of England and Ireland refbcBively, to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland called Tokens, and to

promote the Circulation of the said Tokens, certain pains of Felony,

and other Pains and Penalties, were imposed on any Person or Persons who should make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to

be made, coined, or counterfeited, dr aft or assist in the making,

coining, or counterfeiting the Tokens in the said Acts mentioned, 1 or who should bring into Ireland or into any Part of the United Kingdom, or should pass, or utter, or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pay or put off any such counterfeit Token or Tokens, or (ho aid have in his, her, or their Custody, without

lawful Excuse, any greater Number than Five of such false or

counterfeit Tokens s And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are preparing and intend to issue in Ireland, for the Convenience of the Publick, a Quantity of Silver Pieces

denominated Tokens, of the common Standard of Spanish Pillar Dollars, containing on the obverse Side thereof an Impression of 1 His Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Figures, " Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex 1808 5" and on the reverse Side thereof an Impression representing Hibernia, with the Words or Figures " Bank Token, XXX Pence Irtjb" each such Token containing in Weight Six thirteenth Parts of the Common Weight of a Spanish Pillar Dollar: And whereas Tokens for Ten-pence

and Five-pence have been issued by the " Governor and Company

of the said Bank of Ireland conformably to the Descriptions in the said recited Act with the Variation only of the Figures 11806 instead of 1805: 9 Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

G 2 afiem-

East India Good* duly imported into Ireland from Great Britain, may be exported without Duty oo Exportation

45 G. 9. c. 4t j

A.D. 1808.

84

Person* counterfeiting certain Silver Tokens issued by the Bank of Ireland, or hnporting, or* uttering, or haring in their Possession, such counterfeit Tokens, shall be subject to the Pains of Felony, and punished in Manner directd by recited Act, 45 G. 3. c. 43.

Powers of said Act, 45 G. 3. c. 42. extended to this Act for apprehending and punching Offenders, &c.

Silver Thirty-penny Tokens to be taken in Payment of the Revenue.

C. 31. 48* Geo. in.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act if any Person or Persons shall make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined, or counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in the making, coining, or counterfeiting, any Piece of Metal resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said Tokens for Thirty-pence Irish, so as aforesaid intended to be issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806, or to pass as such, or to resemble or look like any of the said Tokens, or to pass as such; or if any Person or Persons shall bring into Ireland\ or into any Part of the United Kingdom, any fuen false or counterfeit Tokens, knowing the same to oe false or counterfeited, to the Intent to utter the same, within the said United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the same, or if any Person or Persons shall utter or tender in Payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any Person or Persons any such false or counterfeited Token or Tokens knowing the same to be false or counterfeited; or if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused,) any greater Number than Five of any such false or counterfeited Tokens; then and in any or either of the said Cases respectively, every such Person shall be subject and liable to such and the like Pains of Felony, and other Pains and Punishments respectively, and to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, and shall be punished, proceeded against, and dealt with in such and the like manner respectively, as is mentioned and directed in and by the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, as to Persons convicted of the like Offence respectively under the said recited Act in regard to the Tokens in the iaid recited Act mentioned, and as if the said Tokens for Thirty-pence in this Act mentioned, and the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806 thereon respe6Uvely, had been mentioned and particularized in the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign mentioned and contained, or referred to with respect to the making, coining, counterfeiting, bringing in, uttering, tendering, giving in Exchange, paying, putting off, or possessing any counterfeit Token as in the said Act is mentioned, shall and may be applied in the apprehending, securing, proceeding against, and punishing of Offenders under this Act, and in the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, and in the carrying this Act into Execution, and in relation to the said Tokens for Thirty-pence and the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806 thereon, in all respedis whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which now are or shall become payable in Ireland for any Part of the Publick Revenue there, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue authorised to receive the same, in the iaid Silver Tokens for Thirty-pence each, which shall be

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 31, 32.

issued during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered so to be paid 5 and that the said Governor and Company may, whenever the said Restriction shall be removed, charge to the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer all such of the said Tokens of Thirty-pence each, issued during the Continuance of the said Restric-don, as may be received by the said Governor and Company in Payment or otherwise before or after such Removal.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §4."

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or securtd, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

[CM1!* -April 1808.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the Encouragement of the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, and to the Accommodation of Merchants and others, if certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize were permitted to be entered and landed and properly secured in the Port of Dublin, and in certain other Ports in Ireland, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry of such Goods,

4 Wares and Merchandize, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, under such Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions as are herein after provided; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful (/or the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (AJ and which shall be legally imported and brought into the Port of Dublin, or into any Port in Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, to lodge and secure the same in His Majesty's Warehouses, or in any Ware-house or Warehouses situated in the said Port of Dublin, or in any such Port as aforesaid, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchants, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof; subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions directed by this Act: Provided always, that the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, shall first certify under their Hands to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, for the Time being, the Number and Situation of such Warehouses, and that in their Judgment they are in every respect fit and proper for the Reception of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, wherein the same may be safely and securely deposited.

II. And whereas from the Bulk of certain Articles, or from other Circumstances, such Articles cannot be conveniently lodged and secured in Warehouses be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed,

G 3 marked

Goods in Schedule (A.) may be imported into Dublin, or any Tobacco Port in Ireland, and warehoused without Payment of Duty.

Bulky Good* specifiedln Table (B.) may be Unded and Duties secured on Bond.

A.D. 1803.

£ C. 3S. 48» GEO. III.

IrHh Treasury may extend Provisions of this Act to Goods not enumerated.

Importers Audi give Bond to pay duties, or export the Goods within 12 Months, &e.

Laws of Importation and Exportation Jl.all not be affected by this Act.

Goods secured under this Act shall be regularly entered and landed*

marked (B.) which shall be legally imported or brought into the said Port of Dublin, or into any Port in Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, to land any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry thereof, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof 5 and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize may be lodged or secured at or in such Places, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Four or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, approve, and direct.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall deem it expedient that the Provisions of this Act shall be extended to any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not enumerated or described in either of the Tables to this Act annexed, and shall cause a List of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be published in The Dublin Gavotte* then and from thenceforth all and every the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions of this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in every respect, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had been insertea and enumerated in the said Tables respectively at the Time of the passing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, that every Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which may be landed under this Act at the Port of Dublin, or any other Port in Ireland, without Payment of Duty at the Time of the First Entry thereof, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and succeslon, in double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, with Condition that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be either duly exported within the Time or Times prescribed by Law, or that the full Duties due and payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be duly paid within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry of such Goods, or within the Time now required by Law as to such Goods as may be warehoused in Irelandhy any Act or Acts in force at the Time of passing of this Act; and the said Bond shall be so entered iisto within Forty-eight Hours after the Port Surve yor and Land Waiter or other proper Officer shall have ascertained the Quantity and Quality of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so 10 be bonded.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever to be imported into or exported from Ireland, or to be entered or landed in any Way or Manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, the same shall be entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, either by a bonded Entry or by a Bill of View, and landed according to Law \ and the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall on

48° GEO. III. C32. 87

such Landing, or as soon after as conveniently may be, examine the same, and take a particular and correct Account of the Quantity, Qua* lity, Species, Number, and Contents thereof, which Account shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and the Contents shall also be marked by or under the Direction and Inspection of the said Officer or Officers in distinct and legible Chambers on each and every Package, in ail Cases where the dune shall be practicable, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland shall from Time to Time think proper to direct; and no Allowance either for Damage or on any other Account whatever shall be made on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, unless the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, at the Time such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are first. examined as aforesaid, shall claim or demand the Allowance to which by Law they may be entitled.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, shall be delivered from or taken out of any such Warehouse or Place, but upon the following Conditions; (that is to say) if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be intended to be delivered or taken from thence respectively for Exportation, either to Great Britain or to Foreign Parts, the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may so lake the same for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty due on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively; Provided such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, shall, before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are so delivered or taken for Exportation, make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of Customs, and shall also pay and satisfy all Export Duties which may be payable on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as are intended to be exported to Foreign Parts, and shall, together with the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and One other sufficient Security to be approved of by the Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond for the due Exportation thereof, in like Manner as is required by Law with respect to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland to Great Britain % or to Foreign Parts respectively, on which any Drawback is due and payable, and which Bond shall be discharged and cancelled in the same Manner and under the same Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions respectively as Bonds given on the Exportation to Great Britain or to Foreign Parts respectively of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on which any such Drawback is payable, may by Law be discharged and cancelled: And if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so warehoused or otherwise secured as aforesaid, shall he intended to be taken from the Warehouse or Place wherein the same may have been so lodged or secured, to be used and consumed in Ireland, the Person or Persons so intending to take out the same shall first pay down in ready Money, to the Collector or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the full Duties due and payable Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize re* into Ireland at the Time the same shall be so taken out or G4'taken

upon the

foectively

Account shall bt taken at landing,

and the ContenU marked on tha

Packages.

Goods secured under this Act may be delivered for Exportation without Payment of Duty; on Bond to export the same in due Manner.

Duties payable on such Goods when delivered out for Home Consumption.

A.D. 1808.

C. 34. 48° GEO. III.

Duty shall be paid for Deficienciet.

Goods secured under this Act, if embezzled, concealed, or removed, shall be forfeited as if unlawfully landed.

taken away for the Purpose of being so used or con fumed, according to the Account taken thereof at the First Examination of the Officer or Officers of the Customs, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever on Account of any Deficiency arising from Waste or from any other Cause of what Nature soever the lame may be, except as's by this or any other Act specially provided: Provided always, that when by reason of any Effect produced by Weather or in consequence of the Time during which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may have been so warehoused or secured, the same shall not correspond in Weight or Quantity with the First Account taken as aforesaid, but shall have increased in Weight or Quantity, such Increase shall not subject the same to any Forfeiture, but the full Duties of Customs payable on such Excess of Weight beyond such First Account shall be charged and paid, together with the other Duties according to such First Account so taken as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time the Quantity of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused or secured under this Act, which shall have been duly delivered for Home Consumption, added to the Quantity of Such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively which shall have been duly exported, and also to the Quantity remaining so warehoused or secured (if any so remain) shall fall short or be deficient of the actual Quantity ascertained and taken account of at the Time of the Importation or First Entry or Landing thereof, then and in such Case the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively shall be liibjeft and liable to the Whole of the Duties for or in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid, and shall pay and Satisfy the same before the Bond given or entered into on the warehousing or Securing of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be delivered up or cancelled, and before any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so warehoused or secured then remaining shall be permitted to be taken out either for Exportation or for Home Consumption; and all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so remaining shall be subject to the Duties so deficient, and shall and may be sold for Payment of the same and of Warehouse Rent and other Charges upon the Expiration of the Time conditioned for exporting the same or paying the Duties thereon.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of this Act, shall be embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed in, or fraudulently or clandestinely removed from or out of any Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been so lodged or secured, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed or removed, together wifth the Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and the Person or Persons so embezzling, hiding, concealing, or removing the same, or aiding or assisting the rein, or to whole Hands or Possession the same shall come, knowing the same to have been so embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed or removed, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been fraudulently unshipped or landed without Payment of Duty, and also to forfeit a Sum equal in Amount to

treble

*9

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 31.

treble the Duty payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize secured in Warehouses and Places under the Authority of this Act, shall be (towed away, placed, and deposited in the said Warehouses and Places in such Manner as that easy and convenient Access may be had to every Cask, Case, Bag, Box, or other Package, for the Purpose of examining and taking a true Account of the Contents thereof 5 and if the Owner or Proprietor or Person who shall have entered any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or who shall have the Care of the Merchant's Lock, being one of the joint Locks under which the same are warehoused, or any Warehouse-keeper or Agent of such Owner, Proprietor, or other Person, shall omit, neglefse, or refuse so to stow away, place, and deposit the same or cause the same to be so (lowed away, placed, or deposited, as hereby directed, at his or their own Charge and Expence, he or they shall, for every such Omission, Neglect, or Refusal as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused or otherwise secured in pursuance of this Act, shall be destroyed or damaged by Fire, it shall not be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for any other Person or Persons whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any Action or Suit, on any Account whatever, against His Majesty, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, \ or any Officer of the Customs of Excise, or other Person employed by the said Commissioners respectively, for any Compensation for or on account or by reason of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize having been destroyed by Fire as aforesaid; and no Duty of Customs or Excise whatever shall be demanded or paid for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so destroyed as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so destroyed by Fire in any Store or Warehouse not provided or erected at the Charge of the Crown, nor the Proprietor or Consignee thereof, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duties thereon, unless every Fireplace or Stove in the Warehouses or Buildings in which the same shall be deposited shall be bricked up or destroyed, and such Warehouses and Buildings shall in all other respects be rendered secure from Fire to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller of the Custom9 or Port Surveyor, or the Storekeeper or his Deputy at the Port where such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be so warehoused or secured, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so warehoused by virtue of this Act shall be damaged by Fire, or if warehoused in any Store provided at the Charge of the Crown, shall be damaged by Wet or any Casualty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Four of them, with the Approbation of the I^ord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, to make Abatement in the Duties chargeable thereon, propositioned to the Diminution of the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize arising from such Damage: Provided always, that in all Qafes wherein any Goods, Wares, or

Mer-

A11 warehoused Goods shall be stored so as to afford Accels to the Fadogea.

Prwifion aa to warehoused Goods destroyed by Fire.

A.D. 1808.

po

Warthooft Rent flu!) he paid by Reporter, &c»

Goods shall be taken out of Warehouse in their original r»ckagel

Wine,

Repacking Coffee and Cocoa Nuts for Exportation.

Delivery of Goods imported In Bulk.

On shipping tmrehoused Goods for Exportation, a Certificate shall be granted In discharge of Importer's Account*

C. 32. 48° GEO. III.

Merchandize are by this Act permitted to be lodged in Warehouses* or otherwise secured, the Expence of Warehouse Rent, and all other Charges, shall be paid by the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and in case it mall be deemed expedient that any Warehouse or Warehouses should be provided or erected at the Charge of the Crown for the Purpose of securing therein any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), the Importer, Proprietor, or Cor*fig 11 ee of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall pay, to the IVrfons who may be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to receive the same, Warehouse Rent for such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be estimated according to the usual Rate of such Rent for the like Articles paid at the Port of Importation, and such Etti-xnate shall be made, and the Rate of Payment fixed accordingly by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be delivered out of or taken from any Warehouse or Place in which the same shall have been lodged or secured by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, other than in the Packages in which tl\e same shall have been originally or respectively imported, or in one entire Quantity equal thereto and contained in a similar Package, nor shall any Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae be so taken out for Exportation in any less Quantity than One entire Cask, or in such sized Calks in which such Wine or Spirits may be legally impoi ted or exported: Provided always, that no Alteration of any Vessels or Packages shall take place in any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused or secured under this Act without the Approbation of the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, or any Four of them: Provided always, that it shall be lawful under the Inspection of the proper Officer of Custoo's to repack for Exportation only Coffee or Cocoa Nuts in any other Sort of Package than that in which the same was originally imported, provided the Quantity contained in such Re-package be not less than Four hundred Weight.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Duties on which shall have been secured by Bond, and which shall have been imported in Bulk, shall be delivered, except in the whole Quantity for which such Bond shall have been given, or a Quantity not less than One Ton Weight, unless by Special Leave of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, such Leave to be had and obtained previous to such Delivery.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the shipping for Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been warehoused or otherwise lodged or secured according to the Directions of this Act, the Officer of the Customs who shall have attended the Shipment thereof shall after due Examination thereof give without Fee or Reward to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his Agent, a full and correct Certificate, which shall be first examined and countersigned by the Port Surveyor, Specifying

A.D. 1808.

48° Geo. in;

C s

9f

the Quantity, Quality, and Species of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so (nipped 3 which Certificate shall afterwards be delivered to such Officer or other Person as the said Commissioners of the Custom8 and Port Duties in Ireland shall think proper to direct, in order that the same may be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for the ]*urpose of keeping such Accounts, as the said Com* roissioners may tnink necessary anl proper, with the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, vonfignee or Consignees of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize warehousea or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, which Certificate, so far as the same will apply, shall go in discharge of the Bond given by any such Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee respectively, for the Payment of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, or which shall have been otherwise secured in Manner directed by this Act, shall within Fifteen Calendar Months to be computed from the Day on which such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have made their First Entry thereof, or in respect to any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which may be warehoused on Importation, witho.ut Payment of Duty by any Law or Laws now in force, within such Time as is now required by Law, for the same respectively, clear and take out of such Warehouses or Places respectively, either for Exportation according to the Directions of this Act, or to be consumed in Ireland, all fuen Goods, Wares, or Merchandize 3 and in case such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to cause all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be publickly fold or exposed to Sale, and after such Sale the Produce, thereof shall in the first Place be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, if any such shall be due, and Notice thereof shall have been given at the Time of Importation to the Collector of the Port, and Affidavit made at the Time of Sale, that such Freight then remained due; in the next Place in Payment of Primage and Charges of Warehouse Rent and other Charges that shall arise thereon; in the next Place in Payment of the Duties due thereon; and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Proprietor or other Persons authorised to receive the same, provided that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be sold, unless a Price can be obtained for the same, equal at lead to the full Amount of all Duties charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Amount of Warehouse Rent and other the Expences thereon; but if such Price cannot be obtained, then and in such Case all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be effectually destroyed by and in the Presence of the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port, who is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to fee the same destroyed accordingly; and the Proprietor or Owner of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have no Claim either in Law or Equity to the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof so destroyed as aforesaid 3 any Im* Custoxn* or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Warehoafel Goods, if aua cleared oat within 15 Months, £hal be sold for Payment of Duties; or if not fuf&deat^ shall be destroyed.

A.D. 1808.

92 C. 33.

48° GEO. III.

Vtorifiontof former ware-koufing Act* in Ireland ftitt not be zfie&ed by this

abu

No Holidays except Sundays, ChrilUaas Day, fa.

Importer or Proprietor may take Samples.

Goods may be examined by Importer, &c. from Time to Time.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at or immediately before the passing of this Act, whether relating to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or to the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, or to the collecting or securing those Duties, or to the permitting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be warehoused without Payment of Duties, and which are not expressly repealed, revoked, altered or controuled by this present Act, shall be and remain and continue in as full Force and as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Goods as may be warehoused by virtue of any Act in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act with respect to such Goods, may continue to be warehoused under the Provisions of such Acts; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, that no Holidays whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be kept by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs in Ireland, for or in respect of any Act, Matter, or Things to be done by any such Officer in pursuance of this Act, and for the carrying the same into Execution, except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and any Days which shall be appointed by Proclamation for a General Fail or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Refioration of King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birthdays of Their Majesties and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales 5 but that all Business relating to His Majesty's Revenue shall be carried on under this Act upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon other Days in the Year; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

AVI 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize at any Time in the Presence of the proper Officer to take a Sample thereof: Provided always, that out of each Calk of any Kind of Spirits or Wine not more than Half a Pint, and out of every Calk or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts not more than Two Ounces shall be taken: Provided also, that no more than Two Samples shall be taken out of the same Calk or Package, save and except where the former Sample shall have been returned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Importer or Proprietor who may have Occasion or be desirous to inspect or examine any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to him belonging, which shall have been warehoused under this Act, shall, upon giving Four Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Customs, be permitted by such Officer with the Concurrence and in the Presence of such Officer, to enter into and remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses so long as shall be necessary, during the legal Hours of Business, for the Purpose of inspecting or examining such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for making such lawful Alterations therein or Arrangements thereof as may be necessary either for the Preservation and Security thereof, or in order to the Sale or legal Disposal of the same respectively: Provided always, that no such Alterations or Arrangements shall be made which may in any respect tend to lessen His Majesty's Duties or ta impede or obstruct or otherwise embar-

ttfs

93

48° GEO. III.

nfs the Officers in.taking and keeping a true Account thereof; and that the Entry and Continuance of every such Importer and Proprietor into Inch Warehouses, and the Inspection and Examination of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject to and governed by such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in all Respects as the Commissioners of Cudoms and Port Duties shall from Time to Time make, order, and direct, with respect to such Entry, Continuance, Examination, and Inspection, or any of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Recovery ml Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be paid and Application of recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities a3 are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for 14, nC s. c.t* settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majestg, His Heirs and Successorsf according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the G. 3. e, lot. several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Cttjloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in or by any other Act or Adb in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or either of them; as fully and effectually to all Intents, Condruftions, and Purposes as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Adl3, or any of them, is provided and enacted.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 21.'*

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES allowed to be warehoused: without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

Almonds of all Sorts. Anchovies.

Anniseeds.

Balsam Capiva.

Barilla.

Bees Wax.

Brandy and other Spirits. Bridles undressed. Cantharides.

Carpets, Turkey.

Chip Hat3.

Clover Seed,

Cochineal.

Cocoa Nuts.

Coffee,

Cotton Yarn. Cotton Wool. Currants. Elephants Teeth. Feathers for Beds. Figl.

- Senega. Hides and Skins. Indigo.

Jalap.

Jesuits' Bark. Juniper Berries.

Lines,

H

C. 32, 33; 48° GEO. lfl.

Schedule (a.) continued

Linen, plain, of all Sorts, (except Sail Cloth.)

Manna.

Molasses.

Mohair Yarn.

Oils, viz.

- Whale Oil and other Fish Oil, and Whale Fins.

- of Olives.

- Palm.

--Sallad.

- of Turpentine.

Opium.

Pimento.

Prunes.

Quicksilver.

Kaifins of all Sorts# Rhubarb.

Rice.

Rum.

Saffron.

Senna.

Silk, Raw.

- Thrown.

- Waste.

Smalts.

Straw Hats.

Sugar.

Tobacco.

Wine.

SCHEDULE (B).

ARTICLES which may be secured in Places to be approved of: without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

Brimstone.

Cork.

Hemp undressed. Iron m Bars. Kelp.

Mahogany,

Pitch.

Rosin.

Staves.

Tallow.

Tar.

Timber.

Tow.

Turpentine.

Wood.

CAP. XXXIII.

[See 48 G. 3. c. a9. otto iretold-]

Jesuits* Bark shall ot be exported from Great Britain except to Inland, &c.

His Majesty may authorize the Exportation to States m Amity.

An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits* Bark from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit for a limited Time the

W Exportation of Jesuits' Bark from Great Britain, except in the Manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure'to be exported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or shall load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, any Jesuits' Bark, in order to be carried, exported, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place, except to Ireland, and also except as herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty by any Licence under his Royal Sign Manual to authorize any Person to export from Great Britain for his or their

their own Account, or for Account of any Subject or Subjects of isy State in Amity with His Majesty, any Jesuits* Bark, under such Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities as may be specified in the said Licence.

"Exportation may be allowed for the Supply of the Army and " Navy. J 3; and for the Use of Crews of Ships. §4. Bark exported contrary to this Act forfeited: with 40/- per lb. weight and the Vessel, &c. §5. Penalties shall be recovered and applied " as other Penalties against Custom Laws. §6. Actions against Persons having refused to clear VesseL laden with Bark, intended to be exported before passing this Act declared void. $ 7. Act may be altered this Session. §8. Continuance of this Act till End of next u Session. $ 7."

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.]

Cotton Wool shall not be exported, except to Ireland\ or under the Provision8 of this Act. §1. His Majesty may allow Exportation to States in Amity. §2. Cotton Wool exported contrary to this Act shall be forfeited: with a Penalty of 40s.per lb* weight, and the Vessel, &c. §3.

[See §1, 2, 3 of 48 G. 3. c. 29. & c. 33 3"

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Cotton Wool being carried Coastwise, upon any Certificate which shall be directed to be given by the Commissioners of the Customs in that Behalf.

Penalties shall be recovered and applied, as other Penalties against Custom Laws. §5. A diions against Persons refusing to clear Vessels laden with Cotton Wool intended to be exported before the passing of this Act declared void. §6. Act may be altered this Session. §7, Continuance of this Aci until End of next Session. §8."

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for imposing, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a Duty on Cotton Wool the Growth of the British Colonies, exported from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, a Duty upon Cotton Wool of the Growth or Produce of any of His Majesty's Colonies, Settlements, or Plantations, exported from Great Britain; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may 1 be enacted / and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty,

[See 48 G. t* c. 39. cu Is LreUndL}

Cotton Wool may be earned Coastwise.

A.D. 1808.

96 C. 35, 36, 37. 48° GEO. III.

A Duty of gd. per lb. shall be paid on Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain: except to Ireland.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Cotton Wool, the Growth or Produce of any British Colony, Settlement, or Plantation, exported from Great Britain to any Port or Place except to Ireland» a Duty of Nine-pence for every Pound Weight of such Cotton Wool, and so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity. u Said Duty shall be managed as other Duties of Customs. §2. Said " Duty shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs. §3. And shall be paid into the Exchequer. §4. Limita-M tion of Actions Three Months. — General Issue. — Treble Costs. §5. " Act may be altered this Session. §6. Continuance of Act till End u of next Session. $ 7."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties, of Excise upon Malt.

[14th April 1808.

"46 G. 3. c. 139. (continued by 47 G. 3.Jl. 2. r. 37.) further continued to 24th June 1809. 48 Geo. 3. c. 74. a permanent

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making valid certain Orders in Council, and Warrants of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Entry and Warehousing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned therein; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cases; and for enabling His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Vessels whatever.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS several Neutral Vessels, bound to Ports on the Continent of Europe from which the British Flag has been excluded, have arrived in the Ports of the United Kingdom, having been warned or brought into such Ports in consequence of His

MajestVs Orders in Council for that Purpose, and Parts of the Car-

goes of such Vessels have been admitted to Entry for Home Consumption, or warehoused for Exportation; and other Parts of such

Cargoes, confiding of Goods the Growth, Produce, or Manufac-

ture of Countries within the Limits of the Charter granted to the 1 United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqfi Indies, not imported by the said Company, have been warehoused

for Exportation only: And whereas in consequence of the late

Events in Portugal, Wine and other Commodities' have been

A.D. 180S.

48° GEO. III. C. 374 38. 97

brought from the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal in Vessels

owned and navigated according to Law, and have been admitted

to Entry or warehoused in the same Manner, and subject to the fame Duties only, as if the same had been, imported in British-

built Vessels, owned and navigated according to Law: And whereas fitch Goods have been To entered and warehoused, in obe-

dience to Orders of Council and Warrants of the Commissioners of

His Majesty's Treasury, which it has been deemed expedient under 'the Circumstances to issue for such Purposes; which Orders and ' Warrants, and the Proceedings thereupon, were not authorised by

Law; but it is expedient, under the Circumstances, that the same

should be authorised by Act of Parliament 5 and it is also expedient that the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the Brinfb Flag is excluded, should be allowed for a limited 'lime

any Vessels; be it therefore enacted, ' &c.

" All Importations, Admissions to Entry, and warehousing, &c. o

" Goods made previous to this Act under Orders in Council or 'Warrants of Treasury declared lawful, and the Persons concerned " therein iudcmnilied. §1. Goods which have been or shall be brought " i.ito Port in consequence of such Orders in Council may be landedf " and the Ships shall not be liable to Forfeiture, &g. §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty,

Majesty, by Order in Council or Licence, and in Ireland for the empowered Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the during Hostilities Privy Council of Ireland, by Order in Councilor Licence, when and P*11

as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit during the }mport2 anT Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Corn- Vessids from any mencement of the next Session of Parliament, any such Goods, Wares, Port from which or Merchandize as shall be specified in such Order in Council or the British flag Licence, to be imported, into any Port of Great Britain or Ireland " eluded. respectively, frtfm any Port or Place from which the British Flag is

excluded, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to ary Country, whether in Amity with His Majesty or not 5 any Law in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, Good* fraudu-or be construed to extend, to exempt from Seizure any Goods or Com- lently conveyed modities which shall be unshipped, or attempted to be unshipped for on Shore shall the Purpose of being illegally coweyed on Snore, or before due En- he seized.

try shall have been made thereof.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. f 5."

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

[14th April 1808.]

" The Inhered on Exchequer Bills under 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. r. a. 47 G. 3*

"/ 2. Co 28. and Co 73. which shall be carried to Exchequer " Office before March 18th, 1808, shall be paid5 and the Holders " shall receive Certificates to the Bank entitling them at their Option " for every loo/, either to 105/. in the Five^r Cent. Annuities from " 5^ January 1808; or to 63/. 5/. in the said 5 per Cent. together "with 50/. in the per Cent. from 5th April 18085 provided the "Amount of Exchequer Bills exchanged shall not exceed Four ' 48Gee. III. H "Mil-

A.D. 1808.

C. 38, 3, 40.

48° GEO. III.

Felony without Ckrgy,

11 Millions. §1. Exchequer Office shall receive and cancel such Exchequer Bills, on granting such Certificates, f 2. Certificates shall entitle Parties to the Annuities accordingly. §3. Payable out of*44 the Cotofolidated Fund. $ 4. Certificates may be assignable before

August 1, 1808* S 5* Bank, on receiving Certificates, shall give

Credit in their Books for the Capital Stock therein mentioned; M which Stock may be transferred, &c. §6. Exchequer shall from Time to Time issue Money to the Bank for Payment of the Annuities. §7. Accountant General shall examine Cashiers Accounts. §8. Money converted into Five per Cent. Annuities shall be added to the Joint Stock of Five per Cents, already established. §9. And Money converted into Four per Cent. Annuities shall be< added to the Joint Stock of Fourier Cents. §10. Mode of transferring Stock. §11."

Penalty on

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

coumerleiting shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coun-Certificaiea, &c. terfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting eionvwi t any Certificate or Certificates directed to be made out by this Act, or any Asignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word, in any such Certificate, or in any Asignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, or Asignment or Assignments thereof, or Indorsement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or afliiting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of, Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

[Treble Costs.]

Bank shall continue a Corporation for the purposes of this Act, until Redemption of said Annuities. §13. No Fee for Transfers, Penalty 20/. §14. Bank, &c. shall receive a Compensation from 41 Treasury for their Services. §15. General Issue. —

44 i 16.°

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[14th April 1808.]

The Rates are the same as in 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 35. — Continuance of Act from 24th March 1808 until 25th March 1809.°

CAP. XL.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ*

ments; and for extending the Times limited for those purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file'Affidavits

Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[14th April 1808.]

[Sr* Geo. 3. c, 7. and References there. J

CAP. XLI.

An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof} and also certain other Stamp Duties } and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[27th May 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Excise Duties 1 W heretofore granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

to be paid and payable in Ireland: And whereas in lieu of the said Duties and towards raising the Supplies granted to Your Majesty, 'and necessary for the Support of Your Majesty's Government,

the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled,

have resolved to grant to Your Majesty certain new and other Duties on Scamped Vellum and Parchment and Paper; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's moil Excellen Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in Ireland, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Stamps mentioned, enumerated, and described, and set forth in Words and Figures in the Schedule to this Act'annexed: which said Schedule and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be deemed and taken u Part of thfe Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That from, and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, the Duties of Excise made payable in Ireland, by virtue of an Act made in the Fnrty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " intituled An

to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respeli thereof in lieu 9/ former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and Drawbacks, for and in respect of any and every of the Licences mentioned, specified, and set forth in the Schedule to this present Act annexed, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Duties, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and the Duties of Stamps in the said Schedule specified, mentioned, and contained shall from and after the said Time be paid and payable in lieu and in Head of any Duties on such Licences under or by virtue of the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act so much and such Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Riegn, intituled An Act to secure the Payment of the Puties on Licences granted to Persons in It eland dealing in Exctstable Commodities, as authorises, requires, or empowers any CoDeftor of

Ha Excise

Stamp Duties in Schedule annexed to this Act granted to mi Majesty.

Excise Duties on Licences under 47 G. a. Sess. l. c. IS. repealed.

47 G. 3. Sess. i. c. 35. §3, 4. repealed as to Receipt of Duty

by Excise

too

A.D. 18a8

Licences shall be

evented by Coumissionen, &c. on the proper Stamp.

Duty on Permits under 47 G. 3. Sess. a. c. 14. repealed.

So much of

46 G. 3. c. 64.

47 G. 3. Sess. l. c. 50. as relates to statnping Deeds according t6 their Length, repealed.

[See 46 G. 3.

C. 64. §13 to 19- and

47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 50. §11. and the Schedule.]

Putiesof ios. it 5s. on Indentures, &e.

C. 41. GEO. ul

Excise and Taxes to receive any Duty payable on such Licences, or to receive the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed: and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any one of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to grant Inch Licences on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, duly stamped with the Duty by this Act required, for any such Licence or Licences respectively, to any Person or Persons who shall respectively require the same, without Fee or Reward; in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from Time to Time order and direct, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of granting such Licences respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stamp Duties, in Ireland; and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland; as imposes any Duty on any Permit relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, or any Certificate of any such Permit, shall, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the fevered Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Dudes upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and also so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereds; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland; as relates 10 the Number of Stamps to be imposed on any Indenture, Bond, Lease, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or according to the Number of computed Sheets, or computed Skins, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall consist: shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void; and that from and after the Expiration of fuen Calendar Month no Adiou or Suit shall be commenced or brought for any Penalty incurred uirder the said recited Acts, or either of them, for any Offence against such Parts of the said Acts or either of them, as relates to the stamping of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or according to the Number of computed Sheets, or Skins, of which the same shall consist; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Ten Shillings and Five Shillings, in the Schedule to this Act annexed, imposed in respect of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument!

lof

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III..C. 41.

inent, or Writing, not otherwise charged, shall be in lieu and in (lead of all Duties payable under the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign, upon any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or the Number of computed Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall consist: Provided always, that where by the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, a Stamp Duty is imposed on any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, in Proposition to the Amount of Rent referred, or Fine or Consideration paid, or of Money lent or paid, such Stamp Duty shall be paid and payable in lieu of the Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings aforesaid; and that in respect of each and every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment or Sheet or Piece of Paper, more than One, on which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, the Stamp Duty of Five Shillings shall be paid as in case of an Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or, Writing not chargeable according to the Amount of Rent referred, or Fine or Consideration paid, or Money lent or paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Exception to any Answer or Report filed in any Court of Equity or any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, nor to any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Deposition, or other Plea or Pleacting, filed in any Court in Iceland, but that every such Exception, Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Deposition, and other Plea or Pleacting, shall be and remain chargeable with the Duties of Stamps iinpofea in respect of the same, by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year and ^he Schedule thereto annexed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year and the said Schedule thereto annexed, as imposes a Duty of Five Shillings for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets contained in any Probate of any Will, or in any Letters of A dministration, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that no Probate of a Will nor Letters of Administration, except Administrations Pendente Vtte, shall he subject and liable to any Stamp Duties other than the Duties in the Schedule in the said Act specified in respect of the Value of the Estate to which such Probate or Administration shall relate; and that no Letter of Administration De bonis non shall be liable to any Duty under the said recited Act or this Act; and that any Administration Pendente Jite shall be liable only to the Duty of Ten Pounds in the Schedule to the said Act specified; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after pafltng this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year and the Schedules thereto annexed, as imposes any Duty in respect to any Certificate to he taken out by any Special Pleader, Draftsman in any Court of Equity, Con-teyaneer, Scrivener, or any other Person who, for or in Expedition of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Conveyance

in Schedule to this Act, shall be in lieu of former Duties according to the Length of the Deeds,

Dufy ad

Valorem stall be in lieu of 10s. Duty; and Deeds paying faipe shall be chargeable with '5 s. per Slcm above the fiift Skin.

Exceptions,

Declarations,

Ac. stall remain chargeable an before.

Duties on Probates and Administration*, Ad mini ft rations de bon is non, & Pendente itte.

Duty on Conveyancers, &c. in Schedule to 47 Gj 3.

Sess. !. c. 50. & $ 15. repealed.

A.D. 18©8#

to

C. 41.

48° GEO. III.

Duties on Summonses, etc. from inferior.Court*, end on Lifts of Attornies, repealed.

Decrees, Sec. on Civil Bill where the Party appears in Person valid without the name of the Attorney if duly stampod.

46 G. 3. c. 64. f 91. as to

detaining Deeds by Reipftnr* repealed.

New Deputation of a Gamekeeper may be made in the oourfeof the

of, or Deed relating to any Real -or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity; and also so much of the said Act "as directs that any Person who shall practise as such Special Pleader, Draftsman, or Conveyaneer, or (lujl draw or prepare any such Conveyance or Deed, (kail annually take out a Certificate thereof in Manner and under the Regulations in the said Act contained; and also so much of the said last recited Act as imposes any Penalty on any Person in Ireland, not being, qualified as in the said Act mentioned, or not being within the Exception in the said Act specified, who shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceeding in Law or Equity for or in Ex-pedation of any Fee, Gain, Profit, or Reward, shall be and the same if and are hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and the Schedules thereto annexed, as rmposes a Duty of Two-pence on every Summons issued out of any Inferior Court, not holding Plea above, Forty Shillings, and the like Duty on any Wanant issued or Order made by such Court, and as imposes a Duty of Sixpence on every Lift of Attornies, Solicitors, or Conveyancers, shall, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where, in any Cause, Suit, or Proceeding by Civil Dill, any Plaintiff or Defendant shall appear in his own proper Person, and not by Attorney, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister before whom such Cause, Suit, or Proceeding shall be had, to strike out or omit from the Form of any Decree, Difmiss, or other Proceeding, the Words*Attorney for the Plaintiff, ' or*Attorney for the Defendant/ and to insert iiiftcad thereof«The Plaintiff, ' (or Defendant, as the Case may be) appears in Person; and every Decree, Difmiss, and other Proceeding in such Cause or Suit by Civil Bill shall, if duly damped according to Law, be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Name of the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Defendant respectively had appeared thereto, any Thing in any Act or Aft8 to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Month after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act passed in the said Forty-sixth Year, as directs, that whenever any Deed, Conveyance, or Will shall be brought to be registered under certain Acts in force in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Registrar to keep and detain in his Custody all such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills as shall be brought to him, and all Memorials thereof, for the Space of Time in the said Act mentioned, and as requires the said Registrar to produce such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills and Memorials thereof, to any Officer appointed for the Inspection of Stamps, and as imposes any Penalty on any such Registrar in case of his Refusal or Neglect to comply with the Directions of the said Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland, shall have made any Deputation or Appointment of a Game-keeper, whereof a Certificate duly damped shall have been granted according to Law, and such

Depu»

A.D. 180 & 4I0 GEO. III. C. 4I.

Deputation or Appointment shall have ceased by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Game-keeper, before the Twenty-fifth Day of March neat after the Date of such Certificate, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord tr Lady of a Manor, or other Perfog, to make a new Deputation or Appointment of any Person to be a Game-keeper in the Room of such former Game-keeper and so from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Game-keeper, during the Period in which such Certificate shall continue in force, by indorsing upon the Back of the Certificate granted to such former Game-keeper, the Name of the Person so deputed or appointed; and such Lord or Lady of a Manor or other Person shall subscribe every such Indorsement with his or her Name, and the Date of signing the same; and every such Deputation or Appointment so made by Indorsement and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual until the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, and no longer, without any further or other Stamp thereon, and without any further or new Certificate thereof; any Thing in any Act, in force in Ireland tq the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland, who from and after the passing of this Act shall have in his or her Possession any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine usually employed in the taking or Destruction of Game, shall be deemed and taken as a Person keeping and using such Dog, Gun, Net, or Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act imposing Duties upon Certificates with respect to the Killing of Game in Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any Person for carrying on any Trade, Business, Profession, or Calling, without having a Licence for so doing duly stamped, or for keeping or using any Dog, Gun, Net, or Engine for the taking or Definition of Game, without having obtained a Certificate duty stamped in Manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has obtained such Licence or Certificate duly damped fliull lie on the P< rty against whom such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced, and not 011 the Party complaining; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is among other Things enacted, that any Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing, which shall be stamped with any Stamp of greater Valile than the Stamp required by Law, shall be valid and elFedual to all Intents and Pur^rofcs, although the Stamp on such Deed, Instrument, Matter,

or 1 hing, shall not be of the particular Denomination or Description required by Law; be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Enadment eontaii ed shall be deemed or construed to extend to any Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing which shall be of a Kind for which separafe and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided according to L w, unlef* the Stamp imposed thereon shall be One of the Stamps o Marks particularly appropriated to such Kind of Deed, Instrument, or Writing.

H* XVII. And

*3

Yew by

Indorsement on the stamped Certificate of die former Game-keeper without a new Stamp.

Personi keeping Doga, Guns, &c. shall be deemed to use them for Definition of Game.

Proof of having obtained licence, See. shall lie on Offender.

47 G. a. ft 1/ c. so. §9.

inUrnmentt to which particular Stamps are appropriated shall have the prept-r kind of Stamps.

A.D. 1808.

How Stamps on Judgments shall he denoted.; viz. on Cognovits by the proper Stamp; on other Judgments by a Stamp on a Piece of Parchment with the Title of the Cause, &c. to be filed in the respective Courts*

Cognovits nay be stamped within a Month after filing. Penalty on Officer for Negtelfc lOl,

In Seven Days after marking a Judgment, Memorandum thereof shall be entered by the proper Officer, &c. Penalty for Afegledl $0h.

AH Judgments signed before this Act, but stamped as here direaed, shall be valid*

C. 41. 4^ GEO. III.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, the Payment of the Stamp Duty on all Judgments shall be denoted in Manner following respectively, that is to say; the Payment of the Duty which shall from Time to Time be payable on Judgments, upon Cognovit Afttonem, shall be denoted by the proper Stamp for every such Judgment respectively, dieing stamped on such Cognovit, and the Payment of the Duty which shall from Time to Time be payable on all other Judgments whatsoever in Ireland, shall be denoted in Manner following; that is to say, a small Piece or Bit of Parchment whereon shall be written the Title of the Cause, and the Day of marking Judgment therein, shall be stamped with the proper Stamp for every Judgment respectively, and such Piece of Parchment so stamped, shall be filed in the proper Court, on the File of the Pleadings thereof; and thereupon every such Judgment shall be deemed and taken to be duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and any Officer or Officers who shall nfegledl or omit to obtain such Piece of Parchment properly stamped for any such Judgment, and to die the same as aforesaid, shall for every such Neglcdlor Omission forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and erery such Cognovit shall and may be stamped with the proper Stamp, within One Calendar Month next after the same shall have been filed, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, save only the Duty payable thereon, but no Discount shall be allowed thereon; and every Person concerned in the engrossing, signing, or filing the same, shall be exempt from all Penalties on Account thereof: Provided neverthfcless, that any Officer or Officers who shall neglect or omit to bring or fend such Cognovit to the Head Office in Dublin to be stamped, within One Calendar Month afW felie same shall have been so filed, shall for every such Neglect or Omillion forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of One Month from the pading of this Act, a Book shall be kept in every Court in Ireland> by the proper Officers, for marking Judgments, therein, in which Book shall be entered within Seven Days next after the marking of any Judgment which shall be marked in such Court lifter that Time, a Minute or Memorandum of the Entry of such Judgment, dating the Names of the Parties in the Cause, and the Day of the marking of such Judgment, and also the Day of making such Entry, and whether the same was duly stamped as aforesaid or not; and such Entry shall afterwards be taken as Evidence that such Judgment was duly damped, or the contrary, pi the Time of making such Entry; and' if any such Officer shall omit to keep such Book, or to make such Entry therein relative to any such Judgment within the said Period of Seven Days after marking the same respectively, or shall make any such Entry falsely, every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XX. And whereas it has heretofore been enacted, that all Judgments should within One Calendar Month after the signing thereof respectively, be carried to the Head Office in Dublin to be damped,

and the same hath not been carried into Execution, but it has been ' usual to damp the same as aforesaid respectivelybe it therefosc

coded. That every*. Judgment signed before the passing of this Act* and which hath been so damped respectively, shall be deemed and taken to have been duly damped, and all Persons. concerned in figuingor making up the same shall be and they are respectively hereby indemnified from all Pains and Penalties for not causing the lame to be damped.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no atteded Copy of any /hal Judgment, which after One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, shall be entered in Ireland, shall be given or received in Evidence, unless the Officer atteding the same shall certify not only that the Tame is a true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been Ally damped as aforesaid respectively; and if any Officer shall certify the same falsely he shall for every such O(Fence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Hatter or other Person licenced to fell Hats, shall refuse to permit and, suffer any Person duly authorised and empowered, under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, to enter into the House, Shop, Workhouse, or Warehouse of any such Hatter or Person licenced to fell Hats, and to Search for, view, inspect, and examine all and every Hat and Hats which shall be in such House, Shop, Workhouse, or Warehouse, or (I. ill moled, obstruct, or hinder any Person so authorised in the Execution of his Duty under the said recited Act, every such Hatter or Person licenced' to fell Hats, shall for every fudi Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and shall be under the Management, Government, and Care of the Commissioners fAr the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to use such Stamps, in order to denote the Duties payable by this Act, as have been heretofore provided to denote former Duties of the like Nature, or to eause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to alter the same or any of them from Time to Time; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act iuto Execution with relation ter the several Duties hereby granted, in the like and as full and ample a Manner as they are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning any Duties under their Management.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting, and receiving any Stamp Duty or Duties payable in Ireland, shall keep Separate and distinct Accounts thereof; and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, shall pay all Monies received by them, or any Deputy or other Person employed by them, for or by reason or on account of any of such Stamp Duty or Duties, or of any Penalties imposed by this Act, or by any other Act in anywise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of such Distributors respectively, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties on every Day in each Week except Sundays: and the Distributors of Stamps employed in other Parts of Inland shall on

every

Officer (haM certify stumping of Judgments, &c. Penalty 2d.

Penalty on Persons refuting Admittance to Officers under 43 G. 3. c. 22. §25. Sol.

Duties shall he paid in British Currency, and under the Management of Cora mi (lionets of Stamps.

Accounts shall be kept of Puty, and Distributon shall pay over same regularly to Receiver GeneoA, and he tniotheTfcafury*

iSoSj

\q6

e

48° GEO. III.

lofotmcr

fafKcient

TVitneis.

every Wtintfday in every Week, unless the same shall be an Holiday,

and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holiday, or as speedily after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of such Distributors respectively mall permit, and as much oftener at the said Distributor* shall be required by the said Commissioners, or any of them, pay or cause to be paid ail Sums received by them in like Manner, and then in their Hands respectively, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and the said Receiver General shall, on each and every Day, or on such Day or Days in every Week as shall be directed for the Purpose by the said Commissionersi, or any Three of them, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his Hands, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland; and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into His Majesty's Exchequer, and every Distributor of Stamps each Day after his or her making any fuels Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the First Opportunity after the said Times respectively, give Notice of such Payment and of the Amount thereof to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if such Receiver General shall at any Time neglect or omit to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer the Sums.so by him payable as aforesaid, at the Time and in Manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, without sufficient Reason to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, then and for such Offence he shall be dismissed from his said Employment, and shall h* incapable to serve His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the same to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action, Suit, or Information, or by any other of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Publick Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Distributor or Distributora shall neglect or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid, the Sums so by him, her, or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him, her, or them so payable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, without sufficient Reason to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, then and for such Offence every such Distributor shall be dismissed from his said Employment, 'and shall from thenceforth be incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Year for each One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, by Action, Suit, or Information, or by any other of the Ways or Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, from Publick Accountants.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Procee ling for Recovery of any Duty or Penalty under this Act, or under any Act empowering, or in any wise relating to the Levying, Collection, or Management o? any Stamp Duty or Duties whether in any Suit to be instituted in any of the Superior Courts in Ireland, or by Civil Bill, or before a Justice or Justices, or«at S^flions, any Informer or other Person who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled ta the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Sharp,

or

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. DL.C. 41.qj

cr Proposition thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward, or Emolument vhatsoever, shall be received and admitted as a competent Witnesson such Trial or other Proceeding, and the Testimony of such Informer or other Person shall, if beneyed, be sufficient to all Intent# and Purposes, as far as the same Testimony could be if given by any other Person whomsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any PUmtUft hi #1 Penalty against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the A&aomfar Stamp Duties shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill; Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin* recwerUiae* or by Civil Bill, in any Part of Ireland, the Person suing for the (ante shall also be entitled to and shall recover his full Costs of Suit, and Ml have like Remedy for such Costs as in other Cases where Costa are given by Law.

" Powers of 43 G. 3. c. 21. Sc 46 G. 3. r. 64. extended to this Act*

f 2 7. Act maybe altered this Session.' §28."

SCHEDULE.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingracted, written, or printed any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following; Any Licence to any Person in Ireland for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned, that is to say 5

To manufacture Tobacco in any Manner

And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding One Table, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licenced to keep To deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a Wholesale Importer only -

To fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof, or Persons licenced to fell Tea or Groceries -

To manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them, for Sale, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the famej and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sections House or Market t House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland To manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale

To fell Paper Hangings, not being the Manufacturer thereof, viz.'la the City of Dublin, or withfn the Circular Road surrounding the same, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within t Two Miles of the Sections House, or Mar*

ket House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland

4

Duty.

£. / d*

8 8 o

4 4*

10 10 o

I I 9

4 4*220

5 5 0

220 I I o

To

1

SCHEDULE.

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing -To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper; for each Mill To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or made Wines

To make Mc theglinor Mead for Sale To make Vinegar for Sale -

To fell Tea and Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Graces, Foreign Currants, Raiiins and Figs by Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the same, and in every City, Town, and Place returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or principal Market House or Market Place of any such City, Town, or Place -

In any other Part of Ireland -

To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the same, and in any City or Town in Ireland lending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Session-House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather To dreis Hides and Skins in Oil To make Vellum or Parchment

To sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Two Galions, and not exceeding Fifty Gallons in the several Places following, via.

' In the City of Dublin, and 'within the CirculaV Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the said Metropolis, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surroundea by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Belfast Within the Rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Corse, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin and the Wall ot His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein In any other Place within the District of the Ex- cife Office of Dublin beybnd the Circular Road

and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix,

Duty*

o 10 6

22 at

5 5

22 o

5 5 m

5 5

3 3 9

5 5

220 I I Q

I X o

I 1 9

5

*1.9 a

4

not

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 4t«

*°9

not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, £, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Ath-lone, BallinaOoe, Bandon, Carlow, Calhell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kin-sale, Lilburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow,

Newij, New Rof9, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place there*

in respectively -

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts 1 y before described -

To fell Home-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise 10 zo in any Place in Ireland in Quantities no less than Fifty Galions, the Person so felling not being a licenced Distiller -

To fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Com* 21 million or otherwise in any Place in Ireland in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits -To exercise the Trade or Business of a Brazier or 21 Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the lame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland To keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, to be used in any Brewery or Distillery; for each and every Cittern or Kiln, whichever shall be the greatest in Number in each and every Malt House xn which such Bufxness shall be carried on in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the Dittrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, and in any Place beyond the said Circular Road and 'Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of r Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (includ

ing all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick,

d.

6

3

o

o

31 10 O

ox

I

Duty.

or within One Mile thereof respectively, or ip any other Place within the DiilriA of the Excile Office of Dublin beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not diffant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Bal- linaffoe, Baudon, Carlow, Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinsale, LII-burne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, New-ry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within Pne Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -

In any other part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

To fell Malt, the Party felling the same not being li-. cenced to make Malt) -

To brew strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale; for each and every Brewhouse in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surroundimr the said City, or within the District of the Metropolis, or beydnd the said Circular Road and* Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles diffant therefrom; or within the City of Cork^or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities reipefiively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey), or within the Town of Belfast Wit. kin the Rest of the respective Counties of| the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein, or In any Place within, the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not diffant more than Five Miles therefrom

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlo w^Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enuiflcilien, Galway, Kinsale, Lifbume, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and

d.

21 O O

lS5 0

21 0

-52 10

31 10

Youghall,

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 4K

lit

Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -In any other Place in Ireland To, keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club-house, or Coffee House.-.

To sell by Auction viz.

Within the Distridfc of the Metropolis or within Six Miles of the Cadle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey,) and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfad In any other Part of Ireland To make Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal To exercise the Traide or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other Trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or other Beall of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize $ also Licences to travelling Tinkers and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale -

And further, for every Horse or other Bead bearing or drawing Burthen, which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize To carry on the Trade of a Coach maker or Maker of any Carnage chargeable with Duty To carry on the Trade of felling Carnages chargeable with Duty by way of Auction or on Commission*-To let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Pod by the Mile or from Stage to Stage

£, x. d* 26 5 o

zi o o

10 10

Any Requed, Note or Requisition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or any Commissioner or Didribu-for of Stamps, or other Person duly authorised to grant the same, relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, and any Requed, Note or Requisition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law -

Any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instru ment, or Writing, not charged with any other Stamp Duty; (except Indentures of Apprentice

o

2 a

2 O

0 5 5

0 5 5

2 o

o I

ship

Duties granted on Carriages, Dogs, Horses, Hearths, Servants, and Windows, according to Schedules aanaxed.

In lira of Duties under 47 G. a. Sess. l. c. IS.

SCHEDULE.

Duty.'

ship where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or if any be given, such Apprentice Fee shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds;)

If the lame shall be iiigrolTed, written, or printed on only* one Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper And if the same shall be ingossed, written, or printed on more than One Skin or Sheet or Jpjece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper;

Then,

On the First Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof -

On every other Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof

o

o

0

IO

ro

5

J-

a

o

CAP. XLII.

An Act to grant to his Majesty certain Duties and Taxes In Ireland\ in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearth-, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like Articles.

[27th May 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjc£U the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflexnbled,

towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences in Ireland^ have freely and voluntarily resolved to

# give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties and Taxes herein-

after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that

it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto Kis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon and in re/pe& of the several Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows mentioned, specified, and expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Money, Duties, and Taxes as they are respectively described and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule, and all the Exceptions, Exemptions, and Regulations therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5. and the said Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and instead and in full Satisfaction of all Duties and Taxes granted upon or in respect of the like Articles and Things in and by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to % rant to His Majesty certain Inland Unties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, and Taxes, and Drawbacks, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act, except only such

Duties

Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes by the Act by which the said Duties are or shall be granted or imposed respectively, or by any other Act or Acts.

" Duties on Dogs, Carriages, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, "and Windows under recited Act, shall cease from cth January " 1808. $ 2."

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Taxes by this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted, and made payable, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that all and every the said Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being dedusted, shall be carried to and m^de Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, and all other Fees which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Inland» upon iffiiing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland., shall be carried to the said Consolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Oven, or any fixed Boiler iu any Dwelling House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, shall not be deemed a Fire Hearth or Stove, or Place used for Firing, within the Meaning of this Act, or of the Schedule thereto annexed, or within the Meaning of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid; and that no Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edifice shall be deemed a Part of any Dwelling House, or to be appertaining thereto, so as to authorize the including the Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing, or the Windows in tuch Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edifice, in the Number of Fire Hearths or Windows, in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be chargeable with Duty, unless such Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edif ice shall be uninterruptedly connected with such Dwelling House, or shall be situated in some Court, Yard, or Place, immediately adjoining to such Dwelling House, or shall be uninterruptedly con* ne&ed with such Dwelling House, by Buildings, Yards, or Courts; and that every Fire Hearth, Stove, or Place for Firing in any Greenhouse, Conservatory, Gardener's House, or other Office or Building, which is in or immediately contiguous to any Garden or Gardens, and occupied together with such Garden or Gardens, shall be charged together, according to the total Number of such Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing in such Greenhouse, Conservatory, Gardener's House, or other Office qr Building, as one distinct and entire Possession, and not as appertaining to any Dwelling House; any Thing in this Act or the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors of the Taxes on Fire Hearths in their respective Walks or Divisions, or in case there shall be no such Collector, then some Officer appointed for that

48 Geo. III. 1 Purpose

Duties payable inRritHb Currency, and carried to Irifil Confo&datad Fund.

Fee*.

Exemptions as to Ovens and Boilers, Out-houses, Greeo-housea, &c.

Collecton, &c. (h all pod General Notices on Church Doom, fee. fee

A.D. 1808.

Returns under 47 G. 3.ft.l. c. 21. from Person* liable to the Duties.

Heufes with not more than Four Hearths built on Farms of not less than 10 Acres exempted from Hearth and Window Duty for 7 Yean.

C*42. 48? GEO. III.

Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall within Sixty-one Days after the passing of this Act, and yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every subsequent Year, canfe to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House or publick School House, if any such there shall be, of every Parish or Place within the respective Walks or Divisions of such Collector or Officer, (and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market House or publick School, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House of the neared or adjoining Parish,) a general Notice to all Persons residing in the said Parish or Place who, by an Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, are required to make out and deliver Lids or Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, that such Persons shall make out the said Lids and Accounts, and deliver the same directed to of for the said Collector of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or to or for the said Officer appointed as aforesaid, at some House or Place within the said Parish or rlace to be signified in such Notice, within Twenty Days after the Date of such Notice $ and such general Notice ffiaU from Time to Time, when the same shall be affixed, be deemed a Re-quifkion or Demand upon every Person within such Parish or Place to deliver in such, Lid8 or Accounts within the said Space of Twenty Days accordingly; and if any Person in such Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Lid or Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice directed in Manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lid or Account, every such Person shall for every (ucn Offence be subject and liable to the like Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Payments, as Persons neglecting to deliver Lids or Accounts, or delivering any undue or false Lid or Account of Carriages, Servants, Horses, or Dogs, are by any Act in force in Ireland subject and liable, and the respective Collectors and Officers shall cause the said general Notice to be from Time to Time^teplaced (if neceflaryl during the said Space of Twenty Days 5 and any Person who shall wilfully tear, deface, Or obliterate any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Dwelling House which at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall be built on, and shall be held together with, any Farm in Ireland containing not less than Ten Acres, and in the Whole of which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be not more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves or Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty under this Act in respect of the several Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing in such Dwelling House, with the Oothousesand Edifices thereto appertaining, and also with respect to the several Windows in the same, from the Time when such Dwelling House shall be first occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the Time of such first Occupation; and that during the said Term such Dwelling House, and the Occupier thereof, shall not be charged with nor rated to, nor shall pay any Duty for any such Fire Hearth, Stove, or Place for Firing, nor for any such Window, any Thing in this Act or the Schedule hereto

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 42. US

annexed, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided always, that such Dwelling House shall be occupied together vith such Farm during the Whole of the said Period 5 and in Case such Farm shall not be To occupied therewith, the said Dwelling House and the Occupier thereof shall be charged and chargeable with the ' laid Duties in respect of the Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Place for Firing, and Windows therein respectively as any other Dwelling House and Occupier is chargeable under this Act or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whether such Particular general Notice shall be polled or not as aforesaid, the Collector of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or any Officer appointed by or acting under JyOffico* the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to collect requiring Return* or superintend the Collection of all or any of the Duties and Taxes from P«riona by this Act granted, shall within Sixty-one Days after the passing of, iaWte to d* this Act, and yearly withia Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of Jnuary One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and in every subsequent Year and at such other Days and Times as any such Collector or Officer shall be directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, give and leave particular Notices with every Person in their respective Walks, Divisions, or Districts liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties on Carriages, Dogs, Horses, and Male Servants, requiring all such Persons respectively to prepare and produce and to deliver to such Collector or Officer within Ten Days next after such Notice, the several Lifts and Accounts required to be delivered by any Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, in Manner required by any such Act.

" Duties shall be under Management of Excise Office, and levied as 41 under the Acts 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. r. 18. & 21 $ 14 & 1$ Cat. 2. c. 8. u 46 G. 3. c. 106, &c. §8."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE of DUTIES payable in Ireland on the several Articles* Matters* and Things therein mentioned.

COACHES and CARRIAGES.

Duty.

For and upon all the Carriages herein after mentioned which any Person shall keep or have in his or her Possession at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, the several yearly Rates, Duties, add Sums following:

For and upon any Coach, Chanot, Berlin, Calasti, or Chaise, with Four Wheels, not exempt by Law; and for and upon any Curricle, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses abrealt, the yearly Sum of -

For Two such Carriages, the yearly Sum of For Three such Carriages, the yearly Sum of For Four such Carriages, the yearly Sum of

I a

£. / d.

8 8 O

H4 O

18 18 O

21 0 0 And

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

Coaches and Caexiages — continued*

And for each and every Carriage above the Number of Four9 the further yearly Sum of And in all Cases for every additional Body successively used on the same Carriage, or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of For and upon every Chaise with less than Four Wheels, not otherwise charged, nor exempt by Law, the yearly Sum of -

For and upon every Car made use of and fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the name of a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car, and for and upon every Carriage or Vessele made use of as a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car, by whatever Name such Carriage or Vessele may be calied, the yearly Sum of -

j£. /. d*

440

220 4.4 0

X I o

Exemptions.

6tage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises, and Coaches and Chaises, and other Carriages kept for Hire; except such as shall be kept for Hire by any Person letting out Horses to travel Post, or by the Mile, who shall charge, aemand, or receive a higher Rate of Payment for drawing any Carriage subject to Duty by this Act travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, than such Person charges for his or her own Carriage of the Tame Denomination travelling Post in like Manner.

All Carriages kept by any Person (not letting out Carriages for Hire) who shall, in respect of the several Carriages kept by such Person in each Year, pay the full Sum of Twenty-five Pounds Four Shillings by way of Composition for all such Carriages, before the 25th Day of March in any Year.

Carriages kept for Sale, for which a Duty of One -

Pound or Ten Shillings shall have been paid by the Maker thereof, as herein after mentioned:

For every Carriage chargeable with Duty under this Act, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the several and respective Sums following: that is to say,

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of -

For every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of

To be paid by the Coachmaker or Maker thereof.

For every Carriage chargeable with Duty under this Act, which mall be sold by any Person in Ireland, by Auction or on Commission, the several and respective Sums followings that is to say,

For

Duty. j£« ! d*

100 o 10 o 1

1

SCHEDULE.

Coaches, Ice. (Exemptions) — continued.

For every such Carriage with Four Wheel*, the Sum of -

For every such Carriage with lef* than Four Wheel*, the Sum 01 -

To be paid by the Auctioneer, or Person felling the lame, over and above all other Duties on such Sale.

DOGS.

For every Dog of the several Descriptions and Denominations following, which any Person shall have or keep either for h» or her own Use, or for the Use of any other Person or Persons, the several yearly Sum* following; that i* to lay,

For every Greyhound - For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier -

For every other Dog of whatever Description or Denomination the lame may be;

Where any Person shall have or keep Two or more Dogs -

And where any Person shall have or keep only one such Dog and no more;

If such Person shall be subject to the Payment of Hearth Money, in respect of Four or more Hearths, or shall be subject to any Duty in respect of Windows -And if such Person shall be subject to the Payment of Hearth Money in respect of less than Four Hearths -

The said Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively having or keeping such Dogs respectively.

Duty.

£. x. d.

I O O

o 10 o

100

o 10 o

o IO o

060

040

Exemptions.

Any Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, which any Person shall keep, who mall not be subject to arty Duty in respect of Windows or Fire Hearths, and who shall have or keep only One Dog and no more.

Any Dog or Whelp which shall not be actually of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Dogs kept by any Person who shall in respect of the several Dogs kept by such Person in each Year pay the full Sum of Thirty Pounds by way of Composition for all such Dogs> before the Twenty-fourth Day of June in each Year.

13

FIRE

SCHEDULE.

FIRE I-JEARTHS.

For and out of every Dwelling House, in the Whole of which, with every Out-house and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be Two and not more than Twenty -eight Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places used for Firing, at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following, the several and respective yearly Rates following; that is to say,

In respect of 2 Fire Hearths

3 -

4 -

5 -

6 -

7 -8-

9"

10 -

11 -

12 -

I3>

14.

*5'

16 -

17 -

18

19.

20

21 22.*3-

24-

n-

26-

?8

Duty.

Yearly Rate on the House, for the whole Number of Hearths.

Whole of which, with every Outhouse and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be more than Twenty-eight Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places used for Firing, in respect of each and every Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place used for Firing in such Dwelling House, Outhouse, or Edifice, appertaining thereto, there shall be paid the yearly Sum of -

Bate for each Hearth.

£. A d. £. 1. d.

0 4 6 0 2 3

O 7 6 b 2 6

O 12 0 0 3 0

0 17 6 0 3 6

I 4 0 0 4 0

I 11 6 0 4

2 0 0 0 5 0

290 0 5 6

3 0 0 0 6 0

3 11 6 0 6 6

4 4 0 0 7 0

47 6 0 7 6

5 12 0 0 8 0

6 7 6 0 8 6

7 4 0 090

8 1 6 096

9 0 0 0 10 0

9 19 6 0 10 6

11 6 0 Q 11 0

12 1 6 O 11 6

*3 4 0 O 12 0

7 6 O 12 6

*5 12 0 O x3 0

16 17 6 O l3 6

18 4 0 O4 0

19 11 6 O4 6

21 0 0 0S Q

ouse, in the

0 ij 4

E$E*moNs

SCHEDULE.

Fire-Hearth s — continued.

Exemptions and Abatements.

His Majesty*8 Cattle of Dublin, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; shalll be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any House situate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Six Hearths or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be loid, and which shall be wholly let for Lodgings, and occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging set* to or occupied by one Person or Family, and such Lodging not confiding of more than One Room, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place therein.

Any House situate within the DistriA of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall be set to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not subject to a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, though the same shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall not be charged with any higher Duty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place.

Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prison, or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office, or other publick Building whatever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Hearths therein, otherwise than in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any such publick Buildings being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to, or employed in the same, or by any Servant of such Officer, shall be deemed inhabited Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly; and the Persons respectively by whom, or by whose Servants, such Roonis or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with, and liable to pay the said Tax, as Occupiers, of inhabited Houses are by Law cnatgeable witbf and liable to pay the same.

HORSES.

For all Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, which any Person or Persons shall have or keep at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth day of January in the Year following, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage whatever chargeable with Duty (except Carriages kept for Hire in cases where such Carriages

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

X d.

0 15 0

0 17 6

1 0 0

1 5 0

I 10 0

15 0

2 0 0

2 5 0

2 10 0

3 0 0

HORSES — continued.

shall be so chargeable) the several yearly Sums following 5 that is to say.

For One such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule Two, each

Three, each -

Four, each

Five, each -

Six, each

Seven, each -

Eight, each

Nine, each -

Ten or more, each -

And for every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept and used by any Male Person never naving been married, an additional Duty in all Cases equal to One Half of the Amount of the above Duties respectively.

Exemptions.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which shall be used truly and without Fraud for the Purpose of Husbandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse, or other Bead, or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall belong, although such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall be used for riding on the Occasions and in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horle, Mare, Gelding, or Mule; or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Aifistance; or for the Purpose of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of publick Worflup, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament$ or to or from any Court of Justice; provided such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall not, on any Occasion, be used for any other Purpose, save as aforesaid.

One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, used only for the Purpose of*drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, not chargeable with any Duty under this Act, by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by any Person carrying on a Trade and snaking a Livelihood solely thereby, or maxing a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or by any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of £100 or upward^ whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise.

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Non-commissioned Officer or Private* in any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery. l One

SCHEDULE.

Hor $ £ s — (Exemptions) — continued*

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolled, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland* who shall have attended on horseback One Half at the least of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise or be on Duty in the Year and who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done so, and x>f Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

RACE HORSES.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which any Person shall bona jide have or keep at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Person3; or which between the Times aforesaid shall have been entered, or shall have run for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, there shall be paid annually by the Person or Persons having the Custody, Charge, or Management of any such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, over and above all other Duties, the yearly Sum of

Duty.

£.

d,

MALE SERVANTS.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person in Ireland, at any Time between the 5th Day of January in any Year and the 5th Day of January'in the Year following, there shall be paid the yearly Sums, Duties, and Taxes following; that is to say,

For 1 Male Servant -

2 Male Servants, each -

3 Male Servants, each

4 Male Servants, each -

5 Male Servants, each

6 Male Servants, each -

7 Male Servants, each

8 Male Servants, each -

9 Male Servants, each

10 Male Servants, and upwards, each

And for each Male Servant retained or employed by any Male Person never having been married, an additional Duty in all Cases equal to One Half of the Amount of the above Duties respectively.

To be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to he paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed

I z

I 11 6

2 2 ' 0

2 7 0

2 12 0

2 17 0

3 2 0

3 7 0

3 13 6

4 0 .0

in

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

Male Servants — continued.

in any of the following Capacities, that is to say; Maitre d* Hotel, House Steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Pottiilion, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been, or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with one or more of the same.

For every Male Person employed by any Person in trade, or exercising any Profettion whatever, as a Clerk or Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices for or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward,) the yearly Sum of - I

For every Male Person employed by any Person in trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid), for the Purpose of expqung to sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of 1

/. d.

1 0

I o

Exemptions.

Any Servant (other than such as are herein specified, and in respect of whom the Matter is subject to Duty), who shall be really retained or employed for the Purpose of Husbandry, or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Matter or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any Time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener, or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Uublin; or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital, or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Institution.

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant; and any Servant o£any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong; and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander, in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

Quo

schedule.

Malb Servants — (Exemptions) — cintinued.

One Servant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, provided such Officer shall retain no more than one such Servant, only.

Duties.

WINDOWS.

For and put of every Tenement or Dwel ing House having more than Six Win dows or Lights there shall be paid th several and respective Yearly Rates so lowing; that is to say.

In respect of 7 Windows or Lights 8 ——

9 ——

10 ——

n ——

12 ——

3 ——

14 ——

15 ——

16 -

17 ——

8 ——

19 ——

so-----

21 ——

22 "

*3

24.

*5

And in respect of every Window or Light more than 25 in Number, there shall be paid for each such Window or Light the further yearly Rate or Sun) of 1 -

Yeariv Rate on the lk»uf* for the whole Number of Windows.

Rate for each

Window.

£. d. / d.

0 IQ 6 0 I

04 0 0 I 9

0 18 Q 0 2 0

1 2 6 0 Z 3

1 7 6 0 z 6

1 13 0 0 2 9

19 0 0 3 0

2 5 6 0 3 3

2 12 6 0 3 6

3 0 0 0 3 9

3 8 c 0 4 0

3 16 6 0 4 3

4 5 6 0 4 6

4 15 0 O 4 9

5 5 0 0 5 0

5 l5 6 O 5 3

6 6 6 0 5 6

6 18 0 0 5 9

7 10 0 0 6 p

Q 6 0

Exemptions and Abatements.

Jiis Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Undersecretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties.

Any Warehouse or Workhouse, being a distinct and separate Building, and not a part or Parcel of the Dwelling-house, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part, nor in the Whole as a Dwelling-house, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize*

SCHEDULE.

Windows — ( Exemptions continued*

Merchandize* or for carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, although the same may adjoin to, or have internal Communication with the Dwelling-honle, shall be wholly exempted from the said Duties.

If in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms shall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying respectively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, so much of the Tax on such House, in respect of all the Windows or Lights therein, as shall in respect of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such House so occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deducted from the whole Charge of such House.

Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor persons, or any Gaol, Prison, or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office, or publick Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling-rooms or Apartments in any such publick Building, being occupied by any Officer of, or belonging to, or employed in, the same, or by any Servant of such Officer; and all uich Rooms or Apartments not containing more than Six Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the Tax in respect of Windows at the Kate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; and if such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House, and the Persons respectively by whom, or by whose Servant, such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be in* habited, shall be chargeable with, or liable to pay the said Taxes, as Occupiers of inhabited Houses.are by Law chargeable with, and liable to pay the same.

Any Dwelling House or other Building, in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with, or used for a Loom, which shall be Handing at such Window, and really used in weaving.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School, for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at Sessions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to suspend until the Eleventh Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland and exported from either Country to the other respectively.

[27th May 1808 ]

7 Geo. Jl*\* c* 20. and*2* c. 62.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

125

0.44*

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland, before Bond given for the due landing thereof.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient upon the Exportation of Wool to Ireland to require the Exporters to take out a Licence from the Commissioners of the Customsjp* England and Scotland respectively, and give Security for the due landing thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Combed Wool, Woolflocks, or Woollen Bay Yarn, Worded Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, which are prohibited from being exported by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, jin ji3 to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, several Law novo in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Tarn, and Worsted Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise but together, Jo as the same may be reduced to and made Use of as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds duffed with combed Wool, or Wool ft for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Iffles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

4. An Act for the winding of Wool, 9 shall be put on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to be exported to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, until Notice be frit given to the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from which the same is intended to be sent, of the Quantity, Quality, and Package, together with the Mark, Number, and Weight thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Master on board which the said Goods are to be laden, together with the Name or Names of the Exporter or Exporters thereof, and the Place of his or their Abode, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same are con* signed; and also unless a Bond be first entered into, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by such Exporter or Exporters with Two good and sufficient Persons, whereof the Master of the Vessel on board which the same shall be exported shall be one, to be approved of by the said Commissioners respectively, or by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, in Treble the Value of the said Goods so intended to be exported, that the same shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be landed accordingly 5 nor unless a Licence be first taken out under the Hands of the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, or any Three of them, or from the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Customs where any such Bond is civen for the lacting, carrying, and landing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby required to grant without any Tee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person

demanding

Before Wool, See. (prohibited from being exported by 38 G. 3. c. as.)

shall be exported from England or Scou land to Ireland, Bond shall be siren for the due Exportation, and a Licence panted by tho Board of Customs, &c.

C. 44» 45> 4*

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Penalty; Forfeituir of the Wool, VefTd, &c.

Bonds (halt he difehavged by Certificate of Officer «t the Port of landing i* Ireland.

demanding the same, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: And if any Wool or other of the said last mentioned Goods shall be carried or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, in order to be exported to Ireland before such Bond shall be entered into, and such Licence taken out as aforesaid, then all such Wool and other such last mentioned Articles, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat in which such Goods shall be laden or put on board, and all the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of or belonging to such Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons first informing thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bonds hereinbefore directed to be entered into on the shipping of the said Wool, and other the said Articles, shall not be discharged until a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place in Ireland where the same shall have been landed, expressing the Quantity, Quality, and Package, Marks, Numbers, Name of the Ship and Master, out of which such Wool and other the said Articles were landed, shall be produced to and left with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port from whence the said Goods were shipped, and which Certificate the proper Officers of the Port or Plfrce in Ireland at which such Wool and other the said Articles shall be landed, are hereby required to give the Master or Commander of the Ship or Vessel from which the same shall be landed without Fee or Reward, when the same shall be requested; and that all such Bonds as shall remain undischarged by such Certificate for the Space of Six Calendar Months, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Customs at London and Edinburgh respectively, who are hereby required to put them in Suit immediately, unless Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners respectively for the Time being, that such Wool and other the said Articles were taken by Enemies or peri (lied in the Seas.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth T)ay* of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Irelandr for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[27th May i8a8.]

[See 43 Geo. 3. r. 88. to which this AB is similar> mu tat is mutandis.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th May 1808.]

[This is in allRefpeBs fimtlar to 47 2. c. 29. mutatis mutandis.

See 45 Geo. 3. r. 6a. and liefnences there.

CAP.

A.D > 1808<

48° GEO. III.

127

C*47«

CAP. XLVn.

An Act for quieting Possessions and confirming defe£iive Titles in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in Manner therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown, during the Incumbency of their Predecessors.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His preW sent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in tie Twenty-jirjl Year of the Reign of King James tie First* intituled An Act for the general Quiet of the Subiedi against all Pretences of Concealment wiatsoever* it was enacted, that the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should not implead for any Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments whereon the Right to such Lands, Manors or Hereditaments did not or should not have accrued within Sixty Years next before the Commencement of any Suits instituted in respect of the same: And whereas it is expedient to limit in like Manner the Right and Title of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and to all Manors,

4 Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes and Hereditaments (except Liberties and Franchises) in Ireland to Sixty Years next before the Commencement of any Suit or Proceeding for the same, and to secure to all His Majesty's Subjects the free and quiet Enjoyment of all 1 Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments which they or those under whom they claim respectively have held or enjoyed, or whereof they have taken the Rents, Revenues, Hues or Profits for the Space of Sixty Years next before the Commencement of any Suit or Proceeding for the lame; ' wherefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall not at any Time hereafter sue, impeach, question or implead any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate in Ireland* for or in any wise concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments whatsoever (other than Liberties or Franchises) or for or in any wise concerning the Revenues, I flues, or Profits thereof, or make any Title, Claim, Challenge or Demand of, in, or to the lame or any of them, by reason of any Right or Title which hath not fird accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, iflufed, or commenced for recovering the same or in respect thereof, unless his Majesty, or some of his Progenitors, Predecessors, Heirs or Successors, or some other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, under whom his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, have or mall have been in the actual Seisin thereof, or have or shall have been answered by force and virtue of any Right or Title to the same, the Rents, Revenues, Issues, or Profits thereof, or the Rents, Issues, or Profits of any Honors,

5 Manors,

Brit. Act,

9 G. 3. c. 16, amending

Q1 Jac. 1. c.*»

His Majesty shall not sue (in Ireland) for any KfUte wlwaa tlte Right hath not accrued, nor shall first accrue* within 60 Yean before the Commencement of such Suit.

A.D. 1 Bo8*

The Siiljeft

quieted on

rofleifion of 60 Yetn.

In what Cases t'te Rents and profit? of Eftn'es shall ?>e deemed in durge.

Rererfions or Remainders in the Crown of any Cands shall not be impeached by this Ask, till 60 Yean after the Determination of the particular ElUte.

C. 47. 48° GEO. III.

Manors, or other Hereditaments, whereof the Premises in question shall be Part or Pareel, within the said Space of Sixty Years, or that the same have or shall have been duly in charge to His Majesty, or some of His Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, Heirs or Successors, within the said Space of Sixty Years: And that all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Poutick and Corporate, their Heirs and Assigns, and all claiming by, from, or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of 'their several Estatea and Interests which they have or claim to have, or shall or may have or claim to have in the same respectively, shall at all Times hereafter quietly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, against his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, claiming by any Title which hath not first accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow within the said Space of Sixty Years, all and singular Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes and Hereditaments whatfrever (except Liberties and Franchises) which he or they, or his or their or any of their Ancestors or Predecessors, or those from by or under whom they do or shall claim, or shall have held or enjoyed or taken the Rents, Revenues, Issues or Profits thereof by the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued or commenced for recovering the same, or in respect thereof, unlefii his Majesty, or some of his Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, Heirs or Successors, or some other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by, from, or under whom His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim in the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments, by force of any Right or Title have or shall have been in the actual Seisin thereof, or have been or shall have been answered by virtue of any such Right or Title, the Rents, Revenues, Issues, or other Profits thereof, within the said Space of Sixty Years, or that the same have or shall have been duly in charge as aforesaid within the said Space of Sixty Years.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Rents, Revenues, Issues or Profits of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments are or shall be in charge, by, to, or with any Auditor or Auditors, or proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, such Rents, Revenues, Issues and Profits shall be held, deemed and taken to be duly in charge within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend to bar, impeach, or hinder His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of, for, or from any Manors, Tenements, Rents, Tythes or Hereditaments, whereof any Reversion or Remainder now is in His Majesty, for or concerning the said Reversion or Remainder, nor of, for, or from any Reversion or Remainder or Pollihility of Reversion or Remainder in any of His Majesty's Progenitors, Predecessors or Ancestors, which by the Expiration, End, or other Determination of any limited Estate of Fee Simple, or of any Fee Tail or other particular Estate, hath or ought to have first fallen or become in Possession, or which shall or may or ought hereafter first to fall or come in Possession within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Plaint,

7 Information,

A.D. 1tot.

48° GEO. III. C. 4.

Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding, or shall at any Time or Time* hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced for recovering the same or in respect thereof; nor of, for, or from any Right or Title first accrued or grown to His Majesty, or any of His Progenitors,

Predecessors or Ancestors, or which shall first accrue or grow to His Majesty, or any of His Heirs or Successors, of, in, or to any Manors,

Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes or Hereditaments, at any Time or Times within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued or commenced for recovering the same or in respect thereof, and not before.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and singular the Lands shall he said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes and Hereditaments, shall holden of the at all Times hereafter be holden of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-

cessors, and of other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, ^wrio^u^their Heirs and Successors respectively, by the same Tenures, Ser- putlfTi 1 vices. Fee Farms, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Heriots, and other Duties, to all Intents and Purposes as the same should or ought of right to have been holden if the E dates, Rights and Interests established and made sure by this present Act had been before the making of this Act firm and effectual in Law: Saving to every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors (other than His most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors) all such Rights, Title, Interest, Estate, Rents, Commons, Customs,

Duties, Profits, and other Claims and Demands whatsoever, into or out of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought t6 have had before the passing of this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Fee Farm Where Kents

Rent, or other Rent or Rents have been or shall be answered and P*? J

actually paid to the King-s Majesty, or to any of His Predecessors, wlt

Heirs or Successors, within the Space of Sixty Years next before any

Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Pro- ptjibl* ceeding shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued or commenced for recovering the same, or in respect thereof, out of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of which Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, the Estates,

Rights or Interests being defective, are established and made sure by this present Act, that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from henceforth for ever have, hold, and enjoy the said Rents and Arrearages thereof in such Manner and Form and as fully and as amply as the same are or were enjoyed at any Time within the said Space of Sixty Years.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Rents Incumbents off or other Dues in the Nature or Lieu of Rents now. are or shall here- Benefices shall after become due and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- JJJItawof1le* cessors, out of or chargeable upon any Re&ories, Vicarages, Curacies Qow"j^otg or other Ecclesiastical Benefices, or payable by the Re&ors, Vicars, acciued before Curates, or other Ecclesiastical Persons, the Incumbents thereof the.rlncum-respectively having respectively actual Cure of Souls, such Re&ors, bency.

Vicars, Curates, or other Ecclesiastical Persons, or any of them,

shall not be subject or liable to, or compellable to pay or satisfy to His Ma, Hia Heirs or Successors, any Arrear or Arrears of

48 Geo.

K

such'

A.D. 1808.

*130 €.47, 48, 49. 48° GEO. III.

such Rent or Rents, or other Dues which shall have accrued or shall hereafter accrue due and payable before the accruing of the Title of such Rector, Vicar, Curate or other Ecclesiastical Person to such Redories, Vicarages, Curacies or other Ecclesiastical Benefices aforesaid; and that no Distress, Action, Suit or other Proceeding whatsoever shall be made, brought, commenced or prosecuted against any such Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Ecclesiastical Person during his Life, or against his Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels after his Death, for any such Arrear or any Part thereof.

CAP. XLVin.

An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin.

[27th May 1808.]

u Irish Ad, 2X Sc 24 G.e, 17. and British Ad, 24 G. 3. r. 6* u recited. Postmaster General of Ireland empowered to contract for the Purchase of Buildings, &c. for making Addition to the General Post Office. §1. In case the Parties cannot agree. Value of Pre- mises shall be ascertained by a Jury. §2. On Payment of Purchase " Money, Conveyances of Premises shall be made to the Postmaster " General. §3. Guardians and Persons seised of Premises for Life, " empowered to convey the same. §4. Such Conveyances shall be valid. §5. In case Parties refuse to execute Conveyances, Court of Chancery empowered to convey. §6. Penalties shall be re- covered by Civil Bill. §7."

CAP. XLIX.

*JG.3. C. 38.

(repealing 23 G.8, c. 50.)

22 G. 0. c. 81.

repealed.

45 G. 3. c. 58.

6, 8, 9. as to Periods of making

An Act for accelerating the making up. Examination, and Audit, of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army> and for the more effectually regulating the said Office: And whereas it is expedient that some of the Provisions of the said Act should be, repealed, and that further and more effectual Provisions should be made for making up, examining, and auditing the Accounts of the said Office: And whereas it is expedient that an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, should be repealed 5' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the patting of this Act the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 49.

regulates the Mode of making up the Accounts of the Paymaster General for the Time being, and of transmitting the same to the Commissionerst for auditing the publick Accounts for Examination, and of declaring the same, and of acquitting the said Paymaster thereupon; and also the making out and keeping the Accounts for Army Services in Places beyond the Cape of Good Hopey or Cape Horn, and transmitting the same to the said Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts for Examination, and declaring the same, and making out Acquittances for the same, shall be and the same is hereby repealed as to all Accounts to be made up and transmitted for Periods subsequent to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and feten.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Paymaster General shall make up an Annual Account, ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, of all Monies received and Payments made by him within the Period of the said Account, to be intituled, " The General A nnual Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces 5" in which Account the Paymaster General shall charge himself with the Balance actually transferred to his Account at the Bank of England from the Account of the preceding Paymaster General, or with the Balance brought forward from his Account for the Year preceding (as the Case may be) and also with all Sums carried to his Account at the Bank within the Period of the Account; and all such Balances and Sums of Money shall be stated in the Account so to be made up, in the Order in which they were actually, in point of Time, placed to the Account of such Paymaster General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and the said Paymaster General shall state, on the Credit Side of such Account, vail Sums paid by him within the Period of the said Account, under or in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, or by virtue or in pursuance of any Warrant under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, or of any Warrant granted by the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Secretary at War, and shall also, in such General Annual Account, place on the Credit Side thereof all Sums of Money issued to or transferred to the Account of any Person or Persons for the Payment of Half-pay, or of Pensions on the Compassionate Lift, or the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital; and also all Sums of Money paid by him on account of any Bills drawn by any of his Deputies on Foreign Stations under the Warrant of any Officer commanding in Chief on such Foreign Stations respectively; and all Monies paid or remitted to any such Deputy or Deputies; and all such Sums shall be stated in the Accounts in the Order in which such Bills were paid, or such Monies paid, issued, transferred, or remitted as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the Time of making up such General Annual Account as aforesaid, the said Paymaster General shall make up also separate Accounts of Monies received and paid within the Period comprized in the said General Account, on account of Half-Pay, and of Chelsea Hospital, and of Pensions on the Compassionate Lift respectively; and in every such separate Account the Balance remaining from the Account of the preceding Year, applicable to the Payment of Half-Pay, or of the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, or of Pensions on the Com-

k 2 passionate

131

up and auditing Paymaftrr'a Account!, repealed.

Paymaster shall

make tip Accounts to 29th December, annually, in the Mule hereby prei'eribed.

Separate Accounts shall at th* same Period h° made up of HaH-Pav, Chel-fci Hospital» and Pensions on Compassionat

Lilt.

13*

C. 4JT.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Mode of trans-nitting the said Accounts to Auditor's Office, and of their declaring and giving Quietus upon such Accounts; without waiting for Vouchers from Deputy Pay-mnfters on foreign Stations.

Accounts of Deputy Pay-master» for Services on Foreign Stations shall be made up within 18 Months; transmitted to Auditor's Office, and declared, and a Quietus aerxeon.

passionate Lift respectively, and all Monies placed from Time to Time to the Account of such Services respectively, within the Period of the General Account, and which shall have been so inserted in the General Account as before directed on the Credit Side thereof, shall be placed on the Debit Side of such separate Accounts respectively; and all particular Payments made out of any Sums of Money so placed on the Debit Side of such separate Accounts respectively, for which proper Vouchers shall be produced, on account of Half-Pay, Chelsea Hospital, or Pensions on the Compassionate Lift, shall be placed on the Credit Side thereof; and all such Receipts and Payments shall be stattd in such separate Accounts under each respective Head, in the Order, in point of Time, in which the same respectively took place.

V. And be it further enacted, That the General Annual Account of the Paymaster General for the Time being, so made up as aforesaid, together with such separate Annual Accounts of Half-Pay, Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, and Pensions on the Compassionate Lift, for each Year ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of December, with proper Vouchers, shall, within Three Months after the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, who shall and they are hereby directed and required, with the lead possible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be examined the same; and shall discharge the said Paymaster General of all Sums paid*in pursuance of any Act of Parliament or Warrant as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall, after such Examination, and without waiting for Vouchers of Payments made by the Paymasters General through their Deputies on Foreign Stations, present or cause to be presented to the proper Officer for Declaration, the said General and separate Annual Accounts as aforesaid, specifying the Amount discharged by proper Vouchers, and the Amount with which the Paymaster General dill remains charged for the Year, on account of Payments made by their Deputies on Foreign Stations as aforesaid, and also specifying the Sums of Money with which the Paymaster General is to remain charged for the succeeding Year on account of Balances (if any) remaining on such General and separate Annual Accounts as aforesaid; and when such Account so discharged by proper Vouchers as aforesaid shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymaster General, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators for such Account so declared as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Paymaster General shall make up, in like Manner, another Annual Account, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, to be intituled, " The Annual Account of the Pay-

master General of His Majesty's Forces, for Monies paid within the Period of the said Account by his Deputies on Foreign " Stations; " which Account shall be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts as far as the same can be made up, within Eighteen Months after the Period of the said Account; and the said Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts shall and they are hereby directed and required, with the least possible Delay, to examine or cause to be examined the lame, and shall discharge the said Paymaster General of all Sums of Money paid by any Deputy

Warrant of the Officer com-

on any Foreign Station under the Warrant

manding

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III..C49. 133

mending in Chief on such Foreign Station, and as soon as the same shall have been examined, the said Commissioners shall in like Manner present such Account for Declaration, specifying the Sums of Money with which the Paymader General is to remain charged for the fuc-cceding Year, on account of Balances, if any, remaining on such Account; and when such Account, discharged by proper Vouchers as aforesaid, shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymader General, his Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators* for such Account so declared as aforesaid, and the Paymader General shall remain charged in his Account of the following Year, with such Balances, if any, on such Annual Accounts respectively, as shall have been so specided as aforesaid s Provided always that the Paymader General shall at the Further Ac-same Time that he transmits to the Commissioners for auditing the counts under publick Accounts such Annual Accounts so made up as aforesaid, ol

transmit to them any Accounts for the same Year made up in such Ul*"

other Manner as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, for the greater Convenience of Examination and Audit.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing id Mode of ext-this Act shall becondrued to vary or alter the Mode of examining the mining West-Account of any Deputy Paymader in the West Indies or on the Con- Account* tinent of South America, as directed by an Act of the Forty-sixth ^de"46G,3. Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the c. so.

more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the publick Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death, Making up Resignation or Removal of the Paymader General, in the course of Acc<*, ntf* the Year, the Account shall be so made up as to include and didin-

guish the actual Payments of each Paymader General within the Year, De&tlf or Re-and to specify and distinguish the refoedive Balances, if any remaining, moral of a 1 on the Death or Removal of any Paymader General on his several matter, within Accounts aforesaid, and transferred over to the succeeding Paymader ^eax* General, so as to enable the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts to distinguish each Account, and examine and declare the Accounts of any Paymader General, so dying or going out 0} Office, as a separate and distinct Account; and the Transfer of such Balances to any succeeding Paymader General shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any Paymader General so dying, or to any Paymader General going out of Office, for the Amount of such Balances; and a Quietus and full Acquittance shall be given to the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any Paymader General so dying, or to the Paymader General, or His Heirs,

Executors, or Administrators so going out of Office, for his General Account and several and distinct Accounts as aforesaid, when and as soon as the same shall have been examined and declared; and the succeeding Paymader General shall become charged with the Balances so transferred as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Psymaster in 1us this Act the Paymader General, in the first Memorial in every Month MonJ^n presented by him to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for Supplies of Money, shall insert in such Memorials the Balance of a(K) the out-publick Money on his Account in the Hands of the Governor and (landing Drafts Company of the Bank of England, together with an Account of all thereon only.

'K 3 Exchequer {^,*

*34

A.D. 1808.

No Officejflace,

or Employment shall be granted in Reversionaryor for joint Live*.

Grants mad« co'iirary to tills Att void.

Salaries, &e. rervived under such Grants forfeited.

Exception as to Grunts byxi Uing Judges,

C*49»5o* 48° GEO. III.

Exchequer Bills delivered to the Paymader General which shall not have been disposed of, and the Produce thereof carried to his Account at the Bank, together with an Account of all out (Ian ding Drafts with which such Balance is chargeable, without dating any Claims or other Demands upon the said Balance; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prei'ent Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act may be altered this Session. §10.'*

CAP. L.

An Act to suspend the granting of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, for One Year after the passing of this Act, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

[37th May 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service, with 4

Vw view to Inquiries now depending in the House of Commons, that the granting of Offices in Reversion. or for joint Lives

with Benefit of Survivorship, should be suspended for a limited f Time; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for one Year after the passing of this Act, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, no Office, Place, Employment or Salary* within His Majesty's Dominions, nor any Emoluments arising the re- from, shall be granted in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for any Two or more Lives in Succession, by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or by any Board or De-, partment of Government, or by any Chief Judge or Officer of any Court of Law or Equity, or Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court; except as is herein after excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be to all Intents and Purposes void.

III. And be it further enacted, that all Salary and Emolument received under any such Grant or Appointment shall be forfeited, and may be recovered by Information in the Court of Exchequer, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to prohibit or make void any Grant or Appointment made or to be made by any Chief Judge or Officer of any Court of Law or Equity, or Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court; or by any Archbishop or Bishop of any See, holding such Appointment or Office on the Day of the passing of this Act, or by any Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed by any such Chief Judge, or by any Person or Persons having Power to appoint to Offices in the said Courts, in relation to any Office or Appointment iu any of the said Court* which before the passing of this Act might

48° GEO. III. C 50 — 54.

by Law be granted in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship $ nor to prohibit the Appointment of Assistants and Scotch Clergy. Sucpessors to the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

CAP. LI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officer* of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[ijth May 1808.]

[In all Respects the same at 47 Geo. 3 Jl. a. c, 32. mutatU mutandis.]

CAP. LII.

An Act to reyive and continue, until the Twentyrfifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[27thAf/?y 1808.]

42 G. 3. c. 64. to which this Act isftmilar, mutatis mutandis

CAP. LIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th May 1808.]

Treasury may raise 3, 000, 000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills in M like Manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — §1, 2. Interest 3/. per Centum per Annum, from 5 April, 1808 payable yearly until 6 Months after Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. §3.

Said Bills if not duly paid off, shall bear Interest of 5 per Cent. §4.

" When the 3 per Cent. Confols shall be 80/. per Cent. or more, the said Bills mail become payable, &c. f 5. Bank of England authorised to advance ^he laid Sun} on the Credit of this Act. §6.'*

CAP. LIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th May 1808.]

u Treasury may raise 1, 500, 000/, by Loans and Exchequer Bills in u like Manner as is prescribed by 48 (?. 3. c. I. — §1, 2. Said Bills " shall be paid out of the First Supplies in next Session. §3. Interest " 5/. her Cent, per Annum. §4. Said Bills may be taken in Payment " of the Revenue, &c. after April 5, 1809. §5. Bank of England " authorised to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this A£h § & f* Act may be altered this Session. §7."

48° GEO. III.

1808<

C. jj

49 G.S. c. 161.

45 G. 9. C. 13.

46G.9.C. 78.

Duties in the Schedules ( A) to (K; fluill be levied instead of ionuer Duties.

CAP. LV.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith \ and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

[1st June 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient that the Duties granted by Two Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of Your Majesty, should be consoli dated with the additional Duties granted on the Amount of the said Duties,

by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of Your Majesty,

have, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making a permanent addition to the 4Publick Revenue of Great Britain, freely and voluntarily resolved

to grant certain additional Duties, to be also consolidated with the fair! forire»- Dut: es, in the Manner and to the Amount contained in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed; and we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, in that Part of Great Britain called England» the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Ber^wich-uponT^eed, and from and after the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and eight, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in lieu and instead of the Duties granted by or contained in the said several recited Acts, and herein after repealed, and for the Purpose of making such permanent Increase as aforesaid, there shall be assessect, raised, levied, and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A A; and upon Inhabited Houses as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked iB.); and upon all Male Servants and other Male Persons retained or employed by any Person or Persons in any of the several Capacities mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.); and upon all Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned iu any of the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (D.); and \ipon all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept by any Person or Persons for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and upon all other Horses, Mares, or Gcldingr, not before'charged, and upon Mules, described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked {F.); and upon all Dogs of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked

iG.); and upon all Horse Dealers residing within the respective imits described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.); find upon all Persons in respect of wearing or using Hair Powder, or

any

137

48° GEO. III. C. 55.

any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, as respectively set forth in the

Schedules to this Act respectively annexed, marked (I.) and (K.) the several new and Consolidated Duties respectively inserted, defen bed, and set forth in the said several Schedules respectively marked as aforesaid; which several Schedules, and the Duties therein respectively contained, and the Rules therein respectively mentioned, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith, and under a special Enadment.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties contained in the several Schedules annexed to the said Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned, for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conRruSed by Coach-makers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission; and also the Duties contained in the Schedule annexed to the said Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties, in Great Britain, on Horses used for ridings or for drawing certain Carriageand for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon; and also the Duties contained in the said Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall, at and upon the respective Periods appointed for the Commencement of the Duties granted by this Act, severally cease and determine: Save always and except the several Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things contained in the said last mentioned Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ascertaining, aifesting, collecting, levying, paying and accounting for the said Duties, which Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things shall be and are hereby respectively continued in full Force and Effect for the ascertaining, artesting, collecting, levying, paying, and accounting for the Duties granted by this Act; save also and except in all Cases relating to the ascertaining and assessing any of the said Duties hereby repealed, which at any Time after the respective Periods before mentioned for the Commencement of the Duties granted by this Act, shall not have been charged within the Year for which the said Duties ought to have been charged; and also save and except as to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for auy Arrears of the several Duties hereby repealed, which may remain unpaid at the said Periods respectively as aforesaid; and any Penalties or Forfeitures then incurred.

" Stamp Duty on Game Licences under G. 3. c. 98. repealed from u June 30, 1808. §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be annually assessed, raised, levied, and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon every Person who shall, after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, use any Dog, Gun, or Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule marked (L.) to this Act annexed, the respective Duties therein respectively mentioned ' sind

Former DutuP repealed.

43 G. 3.C. 1&1*

45 G. 3. C. 13.

46 G. 3. c. 78.

Duties granted by this Act shall, he levied under the Regulations of 43 G. 3. c. 161. as also Duties repealed, which have not been duly charged, and Arrears of said Duties.-

Duties in reTpeft of killing Gams Schedule (L)

A.D. 1803.

Duties shall be alfeftcri and colle&etl, &c. undct the Powers of the fallowing A&s? Vtt. 43G.U.

C. 99.

4* G. 3. C. ^50,

43 G. 3. c. 161.

45 G. 3. C. 5.

45 G. 3. C. 71. 45 G. 3. c. 95.

46 G. 3. c. 14.

C. 55. 4&0 GEO. III.

and set forth 5 which Schedule, and the Duties and Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed to be a Part of this Act as if the same were incorporated therewith under a special Enactment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Consolidated and New Duties shall be assessed, raised, levied, paid and accounted for, under the Provisions and Regulations of the several Acts herein after mentioned respectively, and as the same are respectively applicable to Great Britain, or the respective Parts of Great Britain before mentioned; videlicet, One Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for consolidating certain of toe Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and far amending the same; One other Act, pafiea in the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners far the Affairs of Taxes, and far amending the said Acts fa far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; One other Act passed in the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Com-ruff oners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof j for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages con-Jlruded by Coach makers, and granting ne % u Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Per fans felting Carriages by Auction or on Commffion; Three other Acts, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, One thereof intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, far consolidating certain of the Proin ft ons contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, fa far as relates to the Power of acting as Commissioners in certain Di/irids; One other thereof intituled An Act to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the other thereof intituled An Act to amend fa much of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating pertain of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of Assessors and Sub-Collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Perf ons assessed to the said Duties; and One other Act, pulled in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the A fairs of Taxes, to P erf ons in respect of the Number of their. Children: And this Act shall be construed in such Manner and tg the like Efleet, in all Respects, as if the Duties hereby granted, and mentioned in the respective Schedules hereto annexed, were expressly granted, under and subject to the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties in the said several Acts contained, and as if the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act 5 and that from the respective periods herein-before prescribed for the Commencement of the said Duties, the Schedules to this Act annexed shall be used and pra&ifed ui ftfeerjaining and charging the

A.D. 1808.

*39

48° CEO. III. C jj*

fereral Rates of Dnty in lieu of the several Schedules for the like

Purposes contained in any of the said Acts before-mentioned, which LII-mentioned Scheduled, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall from thenceforth respectively cease and determine; and ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in I such Acts respectively, so far as the same are respectively applicable I to the Duties granted by this Act, except where other Provisions are ! made in this Act, shall severally and respectively, in the Execution I of this Act, be duly observed, pradliled, and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers,

Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as aforesaid) were particularly and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, shall severally be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to belong to this Act, iu like Manner as if the same had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted, (except as aforesaid, )

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who Commissionerp now are or for the Time being shall be Commissioners for putting in and other Execution the said Acts respectively, and who shall be respectively Officer* qualified and authorised to act, and shall have taken the Paths as directed by the several Acts before-mentioned, or any of them respcdU A^s i.'ely, as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this put in Execution Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every this Act;ud the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, t, ie Monies Towns, and Places privileged or not privileged, within England^ (J^1* be Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and in all and every the Shires, ^ie Stewartries, Cities, and Boroughs in Scotland \ and the several Comroiffinnen AiTcfTors, Collectors, Surveyors, and Inspectors respectively, ap- for the Affairs of poir.ted or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts, T*x«. shall respectiverly be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, and Inspectors, to put in Execution this Act within the Limits of their respective Districts or Divinons to which they are or shall be respectively appointed; and they respectively are hereby empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorised to put in Execution the said several Acts; and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General shall Aflowances M have an Allowance of Three Halfpence in the Pound for all Monies Receivers which shall be by him received and paid into the Receipt of Ex- General, chtquer, or duly accounted for according to the Course of His Ma- Colleton, sod jesty's Exchequer; and that every Collector shall have Three-pence

in the Pound for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver General or his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time limited by the several Acts herein mentioned, for all the Duties granted by this Act,

Care and except the Duties granted and contained in Schedule (L.) annexed to this Act, for which other Compensation is hereby ditedled to be made to such Collector, and also for what Money such Collector shall pay out of such Duties, except as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons

A.D. 1808.

M» C. 55. 48° GEO. III.

Putin shall be tarried 10 Gmfolidaied Fund,

Accounts of Duties shall be kept» and laid

Persons in pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and shall duly account to such Receiver General or his Deputy for such. Payments; and that for the careful writing and transcribing all and every the Assessments, Duplicates, Warrants, and Estreats, in due Time, and for the due, speedy, and effectually executing all Matters and Things directed to be done or performed by or under the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Duties contained in this Act then in force, the Clerk of the said. refoedive Commissioners who shall perform the same within the respective Times limited by the said Acts, shall, by Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners of each Distri£k respectively, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy 01 Deputies, the respective Sums herein after limited for every Pound of all such Monies of the said Duties as he or they shall have received by virtue of the Assessments of the said Commissioners' respectively, who is and are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly; provided the said several Acts be carried into Execution in due Time, and in an effectual Manner, for the Division in which he shall be appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants, Assessments, Estreats, and Certificates, be made out and delivered according to the Directions of the said Acts, and the Duplicates be delivered to the said Receiver General, and into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within the Times limited by the said Acts, but not otherwise; that i6 to say, if the total Amount of such Allowance for One Year, calculated at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in the Pound, on the Monies assessed in that Year and paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards, then such Clerk shall not be entitled to receive any further or greater Allowance than at the Rate-of One Penny Farthing in the Pound, of the said Monies so paid: Provided also, that if the total Amount of the Monies of the said Duties received by such Receiver General or his Deputy for One Year, in any District of Commissioners, shall exceed Ninety-six thousand Pounds, then the Clerk of such District shall have an Allowance at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in respect of evc -y Pound of the said Ninety-six thousand Pounds, Part thereof, and a further Allowance at the Rate of One Half of One Penny Farthing for every Pound of the said Monies exceeding Ninety-six thousand Pounds; and if the total Amount of such Allowance, calculated at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in the Pound on the said Monies, shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, then such Clerk shall be entitled to receive an Allowance, at the Rate of Three Halfpence in the Pound, of the Monies so paid; to as that the Allowance, calculated as iaft aforesaid, shall in no case be granted to Any greater Amount than One hundred Pounds per Annum

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster^ in One Sum, to the Account of Assessed Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall for the Period of Ten Yean from the Commence*, meat

141

48° GEO. III. C.j$.

went of this Act, cause separate and di(lin& Accounts of the Produce of the Duties payable by virtue of this Act, to be prepared at the Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to a. Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for di reding certain Publick Accounts to 43 G. 3. c. 70, It laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Form of Account now in use; and the Monies arising from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increaic to the Publick Revenue of Great Britain* for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament paised or to be paised in the present Session of Parliament.

M Act may be altered this Session. §10."

The SCHEDULES referred to by the Act of the 48th Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable for every DWELLING HOUSE within and throughout Great Britain, according to the Number of Windows or Lights in each Dwelling House and the Offices to be charged therewith.

NUMBER of WINDOWS According to which the Dwelling House and Offices undermentioned shall be charged. JDutits to be charged for Windows in every Dwelling House and Offices in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed. Duties to be charged for Windows in every Dwelling House and Offices in Scotland.

Not more than 6 Windows or Lights (except £. /. d. £, / d.

in such Houses which shall be worth the Rent of £g by the Year and shall be charged to the Duty mentioned in Schedule (B.), according to the Rent

thereof) - O OS OS 046

Not more than 6 Windows or Lights, if of the V alue before mentionecLand charged

to the said Duty accordingly - r 080 060

J Windows or Lights 100 0 18 0

S — Do. I 13 0 in 0

9 — Do. - - 2 2 0 200

10 — Do. - 2 16 0 2 14 0

11 — Do. 3 12 6 3 10 6

12 — Do, 496 476

13 Do.*366 5 46

14 — Do. -»6 3 6 616

15 — Do. 700 6 18 0

16 — Do. 7 17 0 7 iy 0

17 — Do. 8 14 0 812 0

18 — Do. - 910 6 986

19 — Do. 10 7 6 10 5 6

20 Do. in 4 6 u 2, 6 Not

SCHEDULE (A.; — Windows — continued.

NUMBER of WINDOWS According to which the Dwelling Hotife and Offices undermentioned shall be charged. Duties to be chatted for Windows in every Dwelling House and Offices in England, Walcs, and Berwick-upon-Tweed. Duties to he charged for Windows in every Dwelling Hotife awl Offices in Scot Laud.

Not more than £. d. £, i» d

21 Windows or Lights.12*A 0 1119 0

22 — Do. - 12 18 0 12 16 0

23 - Do. -3 15 0 13 13 0

34 — Do. - 11 6 1496

25 — Do. -5 8 6 15 6 6

26 Do. - 16 5 6 16 3 6

27 — Do. - l7 2 0 1700

28 — Do..*7 !9 0 17 17 0

29 — Do. - 18 16 0 18 14 0

30 — Do.9 12 6 19 10 6

31 — Do. 2096 20 7 (y

32 — Do..21 6 6 2146

33 — Do..22 3 0 22 1 0

3+ — Do. - 23 0 0 22 (8 0

35 — Do. - 23 16 6 23 14 6

36 - Do. 243 6 24 11 6

37 — Do. - 25 10 6 25 8 6

38 - Do. - 2 6 7 0 26 5 0

'39 — Do. - 27 4 0 27 2 0

40 to Do. - 28 17 6 28 ij 6

45 — 49 Do. - 313 6 31 11 6

50 — 54 Do. - 34 10 0 34 8 0

55 — 59 Do.*37 6 0 37 4 0

60 — 64 Do. - 39 >5 6 393

r>5 _ 69 Do. - 42 0 6 41 18 6

70 — 74 Do. - 5 0 3 0

75 — 79 Do. - 46 10 0 46 8 0

80 — 84 Do. - 48 l5 0 48 !3 0

85 — 89 Do. - 5* 0 0 50 18 0

90 — 94 Do. - 53 4 6 53 2

95 — 99 Do. 5596 55 7 6

loo — 109 Do. - 587 0 58 ij 0

IlO — 119 Do..*>3 6 6 63 4 6

izo — 129 Do. - 67 16 6 07 14 6

l3° — x39 Do. - 72 6 0 7* 4 0

140 — 149 Do. - 76 16 0 76 14 0

150 — 159 Do..81 5 6 81 3 6

160 — 169 Do. - 85 l5 6 8j 13 6

J70 — 179 Do. - 90 5 0 90 3 0

180 and upwards Do. - -And for every fuih Dwelling House which shall contain more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light ex- 93 2 6 93 0 6

cceding the Number of 180 - 0 3 0 03 0 RULES

SCHEDULE (A.) — Windows — continued.

RULES for charging Windows or Lights.

I. — The said several Duties to be charged annually in respect of the Windows or Lights in every Dwelling House, with the Household ai: d other Offices herein enumerated.

II. — All Skylights, and all Windows or Lights however constru&ed, in Staircaies, Garrets, Cellars, Passages, and all other Parts of Dwelling Houses, to what Use or Purpose soever applied, and whether such Windows or Lights shall be in the exterior or interior Parts of such Dwelli ig Houses, to be charged to the said Duties.

III. — Every Window or Light in any Kitchen, Cellar, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Larder, Washhouse, Laundry, Bakehouse, Brew-house and Lodging Room, belonging to or occupied with any Dwelling House, whether the same shall be within or contiguous to or disjoined from the Body of such Dwelling House, shall be charged to the said Duties.

IV. — The said Duties to be charged yearly upon the Occupier or Occupiers of the Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, in respect whereof the said Duties shall be charged, and to be in force for One whole Year from the 5th Day of April in the Year in which the same shall be charged, to be levied on such Occupier or Occupiers, or on his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, except as herein after provided.

V. — Where any Change in the Occupation of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, shall take place after the Assessment shall be made, then and in such Case the Duties hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, for One Year, shall be levied upon and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers, Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners for the Time being, or on both or all of them, according to their Times of Possession thereof, without any new Assessment, notwithstanding such Change in the Occupation of such House, Cottage, or Tenement, for the Year that such House shall have been assessed: Provided that where a Tenant of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, shall quit the same, on the Determination of the Lease or Demise thereof, after an Assessment shall be made, and shall have given Notice thereof to the Assessor for the Place, the Duty thereon mall be discharged by the Commissioners for executing this Act for the Remainder of that Year, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners at the End of such Year, that such House, Cottage, or Tenement, shall have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of such Year.

VI. — Where any Dwelling House is or shall be let in different Apartments, Tenements, Lodgings, or Landings, and shall be inhabited by Two o'r more Persons or Families, the same shall nevertheless be charged as if such House was inhabited by one Person or Family only; and the Landlord or Owner, Landlords or Owners of such House, Apartments, or Tenements, arc or shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such House, and shall be charged with the said Duties: Provided that where the Landlord shall not reside within the Limits of the Collector, or the same shall remain unpaid by such Landlord for the Space of Twenty Days after the £une is due, the Duties so charged may be levied on the Occupier

or

How chargeable.

Skylights, 8cc.

Lights in Offices.

Clnr"i*ahU

an nil ally;

{rum ilh Apiik

Change of Occupation.

Houses, let in

Apartments.

(SccXIII-J

SCHEDULE (A.) — Windows — continued.

fTmtfes left in charge of Scivanti.

CTmmhmin Inns of Court, &c.

Rooms in publick Halls.

Partitions

hetwren

Windows.

Windows li^Uting Two Places.

Pircenfioiis of Windows.

or Occupiers respectively, and such Payment shall be deduced and allowed out of the next Payment on account of Rent.

VII. — Every House, whereof the keeping is or shall be committed or left to the Care or Charge of any Person or Servant, shall be subject to the like Duties as if it were inhabited by the Owner or by a Tenant; and, if such Person or Servant shall not pay Rates to the Church and Poor, the said Duties shall be paid by the respective Owners or Tenants of the said House.

VIII. — Every dillin& Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court, or of Chancery, or in any College or Hall, in either of the Uni verities of Oxford or Cambridge, or-any publick Hospital, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Person or Persons, shall be subject to the same Duties as if the same was an entire House, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupier thereof respectively; provided that every such Chamber or Apartment, which shall not contain more than Seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every such Window or Light.

IX. — All Dwelling Rooms in any Hall or Office whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to any Company, that are or may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Rates, shall be subject to the Duties hereby made payable, and shall be respectively charged as Dwelling Houses; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, to whom the same shall belong, shall be charged as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

X. — When a Partition or Division between Two or more Windows or Lights, fixed in one Frame, is or shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Division shall be charged as a diflindt Window qr Light.

XI. — Every Window extending so far as to give light into more

Rooms, Landings, or Stories than One, shall be reckoned and charged as so many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Landings, or Stories enlightened thereby.

XII. -Every Window or Light, including the Frame, Partitions, and Divisions thereof, which by due Admeasurement of the whole Space on the Aperture of the Wall of the House or Building, on the Outside of such Window or Light, shall exceed in Height Twelve Feet, or in Breadth Four Feet Nine Inches, not being less than Three Feet Six Inches in Height, shall be reckoned and charged as Two Windows or Lights, except such Windows or Lights as shall have been made of greater Diincnsions at any Time prior to the Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; except also the Windows or Lights in such Parts of Dwelling Houses as are used for Shops, Workshops, and Warehouses, and except the Windows or Lights in the publick Room of any House licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, which shall be used for the Entertainment of Guests; and the Windows or Lights in Farm Houses especially exempted from the Duties in the following Schedule, marked 1 B.) or in any Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule.

6

XIII. — Where

SCHEDULE (A.) — 'WiHDOWs^conttHueJ.

XIII. - Where any Dwelling House shall be divided into different Tenements, being distinct Properties, every such Tenement shall be subject to the same Duties as if the same were an entire House, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupiers thereof respectively; provided that every such Tenement in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, which shall not contain mqre than Seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence for evesy such Window or Light; and every such Tenement in Scotland which shall not contain more than Seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the rate of Three Shillings for every such Window or Light.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties.

Case I. — Any House belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family; and every Pubuck Office for which the Duties heretofore payable have been paid by His Majesty, or out of the Publick Revenue.

Case IT. — Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, except such Apartments therein as are or may be occupied by the Officers or Servants thereof which shall severally be assessect, and be subject to the said Duties as entire Dwelling Houses.

Case III. — The Windows in any Room of a Dwelling House, licensed according to Law a* a Chapel for the Purposes of Divine Worship, and used for no other Purpose whatsoever:

Provided that every such Hospital, Chanty School, Hotffe for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, or Room licensed as a Chapel as aforesaid, shall be brought into charge by the Assessor or Assessors, or in their Default, by the Surveyor or Inspector, and shall be stated on the Certificate of Assessments as such; and on due Proof of the Fad before the Commissioners by the Assessora, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the said Act to discharge such Hospital, Charity School, House for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, and Room licensed as a Chapel, from the said Duties, or such Part thereof as is hereby intended to be exempted, in like Manner as they are authorised to discharge the Assessment on poor Persons by this Act, but not otherwise.

Case IV. — The Windows or Lights, in any Dairy or Cheese-Room belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling House, chargeable with the said Duties, although the lame shall be Part thereof, which shall be used by such Occupier or Occupiers for the Puiyofe of keeping Butter or Cheese, being their own Produce, for Sale or private Uie; provided that the Windows or Lighth in such Dairies or Cheese Rooms, shall be made with Splines or wooden Laths, or iron Bars, or Wires, and wholly without Glass, and that the Occupiers of the Dwelling Houses to which such Dairies and Cheese Rooms belong shall paint or cause to be painted on the outer Door thereof, or on the Outside of the Windows thereof, or one of them, in large Roman Letters, the Words, " Dairy" or " Cheese Room, " as the Case may require, and shall keep, and from Time to Time restore such Words lo painted distinctly legible, during all such Time as such. Exemption (haB be claimed j and provided that such Dairies or.48 Geo. III. L Cheese

Distinct Tenements, (See VI.)

Royal Family, Public Offices.

Hospitals, &c.

Chapels.

Proviso for chaigiuff Hospitals, Chapels, &c.

Dairies.

Cheese Rooms shall not be at any Time or Times used to dwell or to sleep in by any Person or Persons, but shall be wholly kept and used for the several Purposes hereinbefore mentioned: And provided also, that an Assessment of all such Windows or Lights mall be duly made, and the Fa& be truly returned in the Manner directed by this Act, in other Cases of Exemption from the said Duties* so that the Number of Windows so to be exempted may be ascertained* and the Exemption be allowed by the Commissioners for executing this Act.

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on all Inhabited DWELLING HOUSES throughout Great Britain, according to the Value thereof, and of the Offices and Lands to be charged therewith.

For every such Inhabited House which, with the House-hold and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied and charged, are or shall be worth the Rent herein after mentioned by the Year, there shall be charged the yearly Sums following; videlicet, £$ and under £to Rent, by the Year £20 and under £40 Rent, by the Year -'-

j?4o Rent by the Year and upwards

Value in the Pound.

£. s. d.

Old 0 2 9

O 2 10

How chargeable.

Outhdufcs.

Shops and

Warehouses

attached.

RULES for charging the said last mentioned Duties.

I. — The said last mentioned Duties to be charged annually on the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of every such Dwelling House, being of the Annual Rent of Five Pounds or upwards, at the respective Rates before-mentioned, and to be levied on him, her, or them, or on his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, and in like Manner in case of a Change in the Occupation thereof as is before dire died in respect of the Duties on Windows or Lights, and in Addition to the Duties contained in Schedule (A.)

II. — Every Coachhouse, Stable, Brewhouse, Washhouse* Laundry, Woodhouse, Bakehouse, Dairy, and all other Offices, and all Yards, Courts, and Curtilages, and Gardens, and Pleasure Grounds, belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling House, shall, in charging the said Duties, be valued together with such Dwelling House; provided no more than One Acre of such Gardens and Pleasure Grounds shall in any case be so valued.

III. — All Shops and Warehouses which are attached to the Dwelling House, or have any Communication therewith, shall in charging the said Duties be valued together with the Dwelling House and the Household and other Offices aforesaid thereunto belonging: (except such Warehouses and Buildings upon or near adjoining to Wharfs which are occupied by Persons who carry on the Business of Wharfingers, and who nave Dwelling Houses upon the said Wharfs for the Residence of themselves or Servants employed upon the said Wharfs.)

1

And

And also except such Warehouses as are distinct and separate Buddings and not Parts or Parcels of such Dwelling Houses, or the Shops attached thereto, but employed Solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or for carry jpg on (ome Manutadure; (notwithstanding the same may adjoin to or have Communication with the Dwelling House or Shop.)

IV. — Every Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court, Or of Chancery, or in any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, being Severally in the> Tenure or Occupation of any Person or Persons, shall be charged thereto as an entire House, and on the respective Occupiers thereof.

V. — Every Hall or Office whatever belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Body or Bodies Politick dr Corporate, or to any Company, that are or may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Rates, shall be fubssed to the Duties hereby made payable as Inhabited Houses j and the rcrfon or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, to whom the same shall belong, shall be charged as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

VI. — 'Where any House shall be let in different Stories, Tenements, Lodgings, or Landings, and shall be inhabited by Two or more Persons or Families, the lame shall nevertheless be subject to and shall in like Manner be charged to the said Duties as if such House or Tenement was inhabited by One Person. or Family only, and the Landlord or Owner shall be deemed the Occupier of such Dwelling House, and shall be charged to the said Duties: Provided that where the Landlord shall not reside within the Limits of the Collector, or the same shall remain unpaid by such Landlord for the Space of Twenty Days after the same is due, the Duties so charged may be levied on the Occupier or Occupiers respectively; and such Payments shall be deduded and allowed out of the next Payment on Account of Rent. '

VII. — No Dwelling House, or other such Premises as afoifcfeid, shall be estimated or rated at any less Annual Value than the Rent or Value at which the same Premises (land charged in the lad Rate made on or before the Time of making the Assessment for the Relief of the Poor in the same Parish or Place.

VIII. — In case the said Poor Rate shall have been made throughout by a Pound Rate on the full Annual Value of all the Dwelling Houses in the same Parish or Place, then such Assessment shall be made according to the said Rate; and the Assessors appointed or to be appointed for the said Duties shall in making their Assessments on different Dwelling Houses in the same Parish or Place in all such Cases as aforesaid, observe the same Rule of Proposition between the Assessment of the Duties granted by this Act thereon, as shall have been observed in making such Poor Rate as to all the Premises aforesaid rated in such Poor Kate.

IX. — In case the said Poor Rate shall have been made on any propositionate Part of such Value, then such Assessors shall assess the ume at the same Sums respectively as they^would have been a defied it by virtue of this Act, if the same had bien respectively estimated in such Poor Kate at the full Value thereorrespectively.

Warehouse

detached.

Chambers in Inns of Courtj 8cc.

Publick Halls* &c.

Houses let in Apartments. (See XIV.)

Value, according to Poors Rite.

If Poors Rate on full Value.

If on propositionate Value.

X — la

4&o GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Duties (lukll be rfefteri and colle£u*cl, &c. undei the Powers of the fallowing ActSj

viz. 4aG.a. c. 99.

4d (i. a. c. 150.

43 G. 3. c. 161.

45 G. 3. C. 5.

45 G. 3. c. 71. 45 G. 3.C. 95.

46 G. 3. c. 94.

I

C. 55.

and set forth; which Schedule, and the Duties and Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and conftmed to be a Part of this Act as if the same were incorporated therewith under a special Enactment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Consolidated and New Duties shall be assessed, raised, levied, paid and accounted for, under the Provisions and Regulations of the Several Acts herein after mentioned respectively, and as the same are respectively applicable to Great Britain, or the respective Parts of Great Britain before mentioned; videlicet, One A A passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for ike Affairs of 'Taxes, and for amending the same \ One other Act passed in the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating certain tf the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for am. tiding the said Act so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; One other Act passed in the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned} for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages con-JlruScd by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Au3ion or on Commission; Three other Acts, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, One thereof intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Atl made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, fur consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the Power of acting as Commissioners in certain DJI rids; One other thereof intituled An Act to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the other thereof intituled An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for eon-folidating certain of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of Assessors and Sub-Colie dors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the said Duties; and One other Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the-Affairs of Taxes, to Pet Jons in respect of the Number of theiK Children: And this Act shall be couitrued in such Manner and tQ the like Efled, in all Respects, as if the Duties hereby granted, and mentioned in the respective Schedules hereto annexed, were expressly granted, under and subject to the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties in the said several Acts contained, and as if the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act 5 and that fiom the respective Periods herein-before prescribed for the Commencement of the said Duties, the Schedules to this Act annexed shall be used and pra&i&d in ascertaining and charging the several

A.D. 1808.

139

48° GEO. III. C. 55

f^eral Rates of Duty in lieu of the several Schedules for the like j'irposes contained in any of the said Acts before-mentioned, which ^l-mentioned Scheduled, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall from thenceforth respectively cease and determine

- c all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in fjch Acts respectively, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Duties granted by this Act, except where other Provisions are made in this Act, shall severally and remectively, in the Execution of this Act, be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers,

Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as aforesaid) were particularly and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act,

?-d shall severally be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to belong to this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted, (except as aforesaid.)

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who Commissioneip cow are or for the Time being shall be Commissioners for putting in and other Execution the said Acts respectively, and who shall be respectively Officer* qualified and authorised to act, and shall have taken the Paths as directed by the several Acts before-mentioned, or any of them respect- A^g

i/ely, as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this pUt in Execution Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every this Act ? and the resptdlive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, die Monies Towns, and Places privileged or not privileged, within England, le'T<1* tt'uUjf and Btrivick-upon-Tweed, and in all and every the Shires, ^c Stewartries, Cities, and Boroughs in Scotland; and the several Commissionen A Ik (Tors, Collectors, Surveyors, and Inspectors respectively, ap- for the Affair* of poir.ted or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts, Taxe*.

shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, and Inspectors, to put in Execution this Act within the Limits of their respective Diilridts ot Divisions to which they are or shall be respectively appointed; and they respectively are hereby empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorised to put in Execution the said several Acts; and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General shall Allowances & have an Allowance of Three Halfpence in the Pound for all Monies Receivers which shall be by him received and paid into the Receipt of Ex- General, chequer, or duly accounted for according to the Course of His Ma- Collecton, and jesty's Exchequer; and that every Collector shall have Three-pence in the Pound for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver General oy his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time limited by the several Acts herein mentioned, for all the Duties granted byi this Act, save and except the Duties granted and contained in Schedule (L.) annexed to this Act, for which other Compensation is hereby ditedted to be made to such Collector, and also for what Money such Collector shall pay out of such Duties, except as aforesaid, to any Person or Person*

To what Servants extended.

Servants in Taverns.

Gardenen.

Apprentices.

Gamekeepers.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Male Servants — continued.

- 1 v..-

RULES for charging the said last mentioned Duties.

I. — The said last mentioned Duties to be paid by the Matter or Mistress of such Servants respectively, and to extend to and be payable for every Male Servant retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Foot-man, Coachman, Groom, Poftiilion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Matter or Mistress, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Mate Servants really ailing zn any of the said Capacities shall be calied, or whether such Male Servants shall have been retained or employed in One or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with One or more of the said Capacities, and to every such Servant let to hire with any Carriage or Horses for One Year, or any longer Period.

II. — The hud Duties shall extend to all Servants of the Capacities before mentioned employed in Taverns, Coffee-houses, Inns, Ale-houses, or any other Houses licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, and in Eating or Victualling Houses, and in Hotels or Lodging Houses, being Eating and Victualling Houses, of whatever Description, although not licensed, except Hoftlers and Helpers in Stables, and Drivers employed to drive Carriages let out tq hire, in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to hire shall have been duly paid and satisfied, and except Waiters.

III. — The said last mentioned Duties on Gardeners shall extend tq every Gardener who shall have controlled for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens, and to every Person who shall have been hired to work in any Garden wherein the constant Labour of One Person shall be necessary^ or where One Person shall have been constantly employed, to be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use, and in whose Garden such Gardener or Persons shall have been employed, except as herein after mentioned.

IV. — The said last mentioned Duties shall extend to all Apprentices retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, save and except fpch Apprentices as shall have been imposed upon any Master or Mistress under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and Parish Officers by any AH or AHs of Paniament, so as the Number of such Apprentices for whom this Exemption shall be claimed by the same Person shall not exceed Two, such Apprentices not wearing Livery, nor being employed as Livery Servants.

V. — The said last mentioned Duties on Gamekeepers shall extend to every Person retained or employed to kill or preserve Game for the Use of any other Person or Persons, whether lawfully appointed to kill or preserve Game or not, to be paid by the Person or Persons retaining, employing, or appointing such Persons respectively; except Gamekeepers, being the Servants of other qualified Persons duly returned by and charged to the said Duties as Servant* of such other Persons.

VI. — Thq

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

C.JJ. IS1

VI. — The laid last mentioned Duties shall extend to every Person Coachmen, he. who shall be employed in the Capacity of a Coachmap, Poftiilion,

Groom, or Helper in the Stables, although such Person shall have been retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade, where the Mailer or Mistress of such Person shall be charge* able with Duty for any Carriage, (other than a Taxed Cart, \ or for Two or more Horses chargeable with the Duty on Horses xept for the Purpose of riding or drawing Carriages, as herein mentioned*

VII. — 1The said last mentioned Duties shall extend to every Per- Glooms# son who shall be employed as a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in

the Stables of the Mailer or Mistress, to take care of any Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, the Property of such Mailer or Mistress, kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, or in training for any of the said Purposes.

Schedule (C.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for MALE SERVANTS, retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned#

For every Gardener or Person employed to work in any £* j. dm

Garden, under any Person chargeable to the Duties mentioned in Schedule VC.); No. i.; and for every Gardener employed in any Garden wherein the constant Labour of one Person shall not be necessary, the Sum of -'- - - - o 6 O

To be paid by each Person in whose Garden such Person

shall be employed.

EXEMP HONS from the Duties as set forth in Schedule (C.)

No. i. and 2.

Any person employed by the Day or Week to work as a Day Day-labourer*. Labourer, at the usual Rate of Wages for Day Labourers in Agriculture, in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House, being a Farmhouse, and exempted as such from the Duties mentioned in Schedule (B.), or in any. Garden belonging to a Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule, such Garden pot requiring the constanr Labour of One such Labourer,

Schedule (C.) No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for ever?

MALE PERSON or SERVANT retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned.

For every Male Person employed by any Merchant or £. /. dm Tnwfafc Trader as a Traveller or Rider, the Duties following; videlicet.

Where One such Traveller or Rider and no more /

shall be so employed, the Sum of*-12 3 0

L 4 And

Gerkl.

Shopmen*

By whom to be paid.

Waiter!.

Stible-keepeia

Men.

Servants in HuAendiy*

1 4 o

?*Q

4 Q

And where more than 0<»e such Traveller or Rider £. /. d,

shall be so employed, for each the Sum of -3100 For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any rrofession whatever, as a Clerk or Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, except Apprentices, where no Premium, or a Premium less in Value than the Sum of has been paid or contracted for with such Apprentice, the Duties following; videlicet,

Where One such Cleric, Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, and no more, shall be so employed, the Sum of -

And where more than One such Clerk, Bookkeeper, or Office-keeper shall be so employed, for each the Sum of For every Male Person employed by any Person m Trade as a Shopman, for the Purpose of exposing to Sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail; and every Male Person employed as a Warehouseman, Porter, or Cellarman in such Shop or Warehouse, except Apprentices as aforesaid, the Sum of -

The said Duties to be paid by the Employer or Employers of such Persons, and to extend to every Body Politic or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and to every Society,

Fraternity, or Partnership, although not Corporate; and to every Manufacture or Concern fexcept Husbandry)whereby the Employer mall leek a Profit.

For every Male Servant employed as a Waiter (except occasional Waiters, over and above tht.ordinary Number usually kept) in any Taverns, Coffee Houses,

Inns, Alehouses, or other licensed Houses, or in Eating or Victualling Houses, or in Hotels or Lodging Houses, being Eating or Victualling Houses, the Sum of -

For every Male Servant retained by any Stable-keeper to take care of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, of any other Person or Persons kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, or any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, in training.for any of the said Purposes, whereby such Stable-keeper shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, the Sum of For every Male Sersant bona fide retained for the 'Purposes of Husbandry, Manufe&ure, or Trade, by which the Matter or Mistress shall ran a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in any Domestic Employment in any of the Capacities in Schedule.

S CC), No,

X

9

SCHEDULE (C.) Malb 8brtanti — tm/iW.

)[C.), No. I. And not chargeable to the Duties in the aid Schedule* the Sum of -

For every* Male Servant bona fide retained for the Pur-

Eofes of Husbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade y which the Master or Mistreft ft»Ji gain a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable B^y, or Helper to the Stables, where the Master or Mifaefs shall be chargeable for One Horse, and no more, to the Duty on Horses kept for the Purposes of riding, or drawing a Taxed Cart, or to the Duty on such Taxed Can, and not oii any other Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, the Sum of -

The said last*mention?d Duties to be paid by the Employer, or Master or Mistress of such Persons or Servants.

O

o

i* d % 6 o

0r whosi tobepaM.

Schedule (C.) No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on SERVANTS let to Hire.

For every Coachman, Groom, Poftillkm, or Helper, kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period.of Time left than One Year and in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horsea let to Hire shall not be payable on every such Letting by any Post master, Innkeeper, or other Ferfoo, duly licepfed to let Post Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vel lam. Parchment, and Paper, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, the annual Sum of -__________

2

4___?

The laid Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons letting the ftme to hire; provided that if the Person or Persons hiring the same shall not make a Return thereof according to the Directions of this Act*, then and in every such Case the progressive Duty made $ s.ofthu payable by Schedule (C.) No. x. shall be chargeable in respect of <md§4i every such Servant on toe Person or Persons hiring such Servant, of 43 G. a. and making such Default as aforesaid, according to the Number c< 161*of Servants retained by him, her, or them, in the Manner directed by the As.

EXEMPTIONS from the last mentioned Duties, as set forth

in Schedules (C.) No. i, a, 3, and 4*. sdnU&Qi.)

I. — The laid Duties not to be payable by any Person who shall have retained or employed bond jide any Male Servant solely for the Husbandry Purposes of Husbandry or Mftnufacture, or of any Trade or Calling Servants, by trludi die Master or Mistreft of such Servant Audi earn a Livelihood

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 183

poB«ge Servants.

Jloyal Family's, Servants.

Hospital

Servants.

Office*'

Servants.

Servants to supply those wider Military Training.

&SJ.

hood or Profit, and who hath not at any Time or Occasion, or in any Manner, or for any Purpose, been employed m. any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. i and 2, nor in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. 3 and 4, yrhereon any Duty is specifically made payable.

II. — The said Duties not to be* payable by any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the several Colleges of Westminder, Eton, or Winchester, for any Butler, Manciple, Cooky Gardener, or Porter; nor by any of the Royal family, for any Servant acting in any of the Capacities aforesaid.

III. — The said Duties not to be payable by any of the Royal Hospitals of Chjrift, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas; in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Foundling Hospital.

IV. — The said Duties not to be payable by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons under the Rank, or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer;

Nor by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, In-fantiy. Royal Marines, Royal Garrison Battalions, or Corps of Engineers, for any Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which such Officer shall belong

Nor by any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Mailer and Commander, in actual Employ for any Servant borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong:

Nor by any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall have been disabled by Lois of a Limb or Wound received in His Majesty's Service;

Every such Officer retaining or employing One Male Servant only,

V — The laid Duties not to be payable for any Persons retained or employed in the above Capacities, in the Room of others who may be called out under any Ad which h, as been passed or which shall be passed for training and exercising a Military Force within these Kingdoms, during the Time of such training and exercising,

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES payable on all CARRIAGES of any of the Descriptions mentioned herein.

NUMBER of CARRIAGES. -" 1 Amount of Duty for each Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Wheels: £. /. d.

For such Carriage, the annual Sum of - 11 5 0

2 Dq. - - 12 7 0

3 Do. - - 13 10 0

4 Do. -14 0 0

5 Uo* ? 14 12 0 For

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES. Amount of Dutjfor each Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Wheels s £ s. d.

For 6 such Carriages, the annual Sum of ^30

7 Do. - r 15 14 O

8 Do. r- - 16 y 0

9 Do* and upwards«16 16 Q

And for every additional Body successively used on the same Carriage pr Number of Wheels, the fur-

ther Sum of - - y 12 0

Schedule (D.) No. 2.

For Carriages with less than Four Wheels;

For every such Carriage (except Taxed Carts, constru&ed, kept, and used under the Regulations of this Act) drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more -

And for every such Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings And for every additional Body, of the Description herein after mentioned, successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Sum of

£. /. -7,

5 18 0

8 5 0

X 16 0

RULES for charging the said Duties in the Two foregoing Schedules.

I. — The said Duties to be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaifc Marine, Chaise, Sociable, or Caravan, with Four Wheels; and for every Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, or Car, with less than Four Wheels, or any Number thereof respectively; and for every other Carriage with Four Wheels, or with less than Four Wheels, respectively used or to be used for the like Purposes, by whatever Name or Names the same shall be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period; and upon all such Carriages kept to be let out to Hire, or to carry Passengers for Hire (except such Carriages for which other Duties are herein after made payable) and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Carriages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or, if more than One, upon the Bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels in the Manner before directed, and not in respect of the Wheels thereof or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels shall be attached.

Schedule

4*° Geo. ni

A.D. 180ff<

5.

Ctrritgn hired oat for a Time not exceeding ftftDtys,

Carriages hired out for left then

Y«r.

*See $S.qfthi» Act, end §41 43 G|3i CU61.

Schedule (D.) N>. 3;

For Carriages hired for any Period of Time less than d One Year, or kept to be let to hire, or to carry Passengers:

For every such Carnage kept for the Pureofe of being let to hire, with Horses to be used therewith, for any Period of Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horses let to fore, frail be duly paid and satisfied on every such letting by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Poll Horses, by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so licensed frail be marked pr painted, according to the Directions of the Act in that Case made and provided} if such Carriage frail have Four Wheels, the Sum of

And if such Carriage frail have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. according to the Number of Horses used therewith, as therein mentioned.

And for every Coach, Diligence, Caravan, or Chaise with Four Wheels pr more, pr other Carriage with r Four Wheels or more, by Whatever Name the same frail be called or known, which frail be kept and employed as a publick Stage-Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which frail be duly entered such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Dptips, the like Sum of All which last mentioned Duties ihaH respectively be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the same, for the Purposes aforesaid.

For every Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to hire for any Period of Time less than One Year and in such Manner that the said Stamp Office Duty frail not by Law be payable on such letting by any Person so licensed as aforesaid, or by any Coach-maker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, if such Carriage frail have Four Wheels, the annual Sum of -

The laid last mentioned Duty to be paid by the Person or Per-i Tons keeping the same for the Purposes aforesaid.

Provided, if a due Return thereof frail not be made by die Hirer or Hirers according to the Directions of the Acts herein mentioned, the progressive Duty as set forth in Schedule (D.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Carriage on the Person or Pey Tons hinng the same, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provinons contained in the said Acts concerning the same*

999

U

An4

And if such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the irfp ve Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2» according to the Number of Horses to be used therewith, to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the same for the Purpose aforesaid, subject to the Provisions herein after contained concerning the same.

Schedule (D.) No. 4.' For Taxed* Carts.

For every Ca-riage with less than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any Lining or Springs, whether the lame be made of Iron, Wood, Leather, or other Materials, and with a fixed Seat, without Slings or Braces, and without any Ornament whatever, other than Paint of a dark Colour for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words A Taxed Cart, " and the Owner's Christran and Surname, and Place of Abode, marked or painted on a black Ground in white Letters, or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outside of the back Paonel or back Part of such Carriage, in Words at full Length, each of the Letters thereof being at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proposition, and the Price o? which (Repairs excepted) shall not have.exceeded, or the Value thereof shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of £12 Sterling, which shall be kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Ule, and not for Hire, the annual Sum of -

1

6

4

6

Save and except always all Carriages built and constructed as aforesaid, belonging to any Person or Persons who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before-mentioned Duties in respect of a Four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before-mentioned Duties on Male Servants in respect of Two such Male Servants, which Persons respectively shall be charged for such Carriages, although, built and constructeo as aforesaid, at the Rate ^referibed in Schedule (D.) No. 2. for Carriages with less than Four

EXEMPTIONS from the several DUTIES in Schedules (D.) No. i, 2, 3, and 4*.

Case I. — Any Carnages belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Coach or Coaches, licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminder,

and

Except where Party it chargeable ibr Four-wheeled Carriages, or for Two Straits.

And fie

Schedule (M.)

Royal Family.

Hackney

Coaches,

48° GEO. ID.

A.D X808.

*5*

c.«.

Coachmafors* Carriage* for Sale*

Cart*.

and the Suburbs thereof, to be used as Hackney Coaches there* and numbered according to Law.

Case III. — Any Carriage kept by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at any Time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, bona fide for the Purpose of Sale, or of being lent to any Person whose Carriage being of the same Denomination or Description shall be then making, mending, or repairing by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and during the Time the same shall be necessarily under Repair; provided such Carriage shall not at any Time, whilst in the Possession of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, be employed for his or her own Use, or let to Hire, or otherwise lent than as aforesaid.

Case IV. — Any. Cart which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Course of Trade, and whereon the Name and Place of Residence of the Owner, and the Words u Common Stage Cart" shall be legibly painted, although the Owner, or his or her Servant or Servants, shall or may occasionally ride therein or thereon when laden, or when returning from &ny Place to which, or when going to any Place from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Carriage in the Couife of Husbandry or Trade; or for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to or from any Place of Divine Wdrship on Sunday, or on Christmas Day, or on Good Friday, or on any Day appointed for a Publick Sass or Thanksgiving, or for carrying Persons going to or returning from the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage shall not have been or be used for any other Purpose of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid, or shall not have been or be let to Hire, for any of such Purposes of riding therein or thereon.

Schedule (D.) No. 5.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Coachmakers, and Makers of other Carriages chargeable with Duty by this Act, and on Carriages made or sold as herein mentioned.

By every Person who shall carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty by this Act in Great Britain, the annual Duty of -

By every such Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages as aforesaid, for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or she shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the Sum of -

And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, which he or she shall make, build, or conlirudt for Sale, the Sum of

o

1

o

6

2

11

d.

0

6

1

Schedule

Schedule (D.) No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons felling any CARRIAGES^ chargeable with Duty by this Act, by Auction or on Commission.

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, by way of Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward, in Great Britain, the annual Duty of By every such Person for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or she shall sell by Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, which he or she shall sell by Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Shm of -

o

i

o

6

2

II

d.

O

3

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. i.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, kept and used by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.)

c — NUMBER thereof. Amount of Duty for each Horse, Mare, or Gilding.

For i such Horse, Mare, or Gelding £. 2 x. d* 12 6

2 such Horses, Mares, or Geldings 496

3 Ditto 4 18 6

4 - Ditto - 5 2 O

5 - Ditto ... 5 3

6 - Ditto - - 5 7 6

7 - Ditto - - 5 IO o

8 Ditto - - 5 IO -o

9 - Ditto - -- 5 12 O

IO Ditto 5 17 6

ii Ditto - - s 17 6

12 Ditto - -'5 17 6

*3 - Ditto - s 18 0

H.Ditto 5 18 0

*5 - Ditto - 5 18 0

16 - Ditto 5 18 0

U - Ditto 5 18 6

18 - Ditto 5 19 6

l9 - Ditto - - 6 0 0

20 and upwards*6 1 0

RULES

SCHEDULE (E.) — Hoksss, &c.

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties to be payable annually for every Horse^ Mare, or Gelding, used on any Occasion for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carnage for which any Duty is payable by this Act, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period, and to be paid by the Person or Persons using the same, except as aftermentioned.

*And fee Schedule (M.)

Husbandry Horse#, &c.

Faraqwt under 701. at Rack Rent*

Horsefbr Taxed Cart.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (E.) No. t*.

I. — Any Person or Persons who shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be used truly and without Fraud for the Purpose of Husbandry, or of drawing any Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to any Duty by this Act, or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall belong,) although such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be used for riding on the Occasions and in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or on account of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding having been used for the Purpose of riding to procure Medical Aflmance, or for the Purpose of riding to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Publick Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Justice, or to or fiom any Meeting of the Commissioners of Taxes; provided such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall not on any Occasion be used for any other Purpose Tave as aforesaid.

II. - — Any Person occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, the Rent of wnicli shall be lelis than £70 a Year and making a Livelihood solely thereby; or any Person occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, solely, or such Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of j£yo a Year; (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent); and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly, and using occasionally for the Purpose of riding any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purposes of Husbandry.

III. — Any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any Person carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an Annual Income of £.100 or upwards, whether arising fiom any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; for One Horse, Mare, or

Gelding used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage with left than Four Wheels, liable to the Duty hereby made payable on Taxed Carts.'.

Schedule

Schedule (E.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES let to Hire.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire for £, x. d, the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid, for any Period of Time less than One Year, in any Manner so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, shall not be payable, the Sum of - - - 2 13

To be charged annually on the Person or Persons letting the same; provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers, according to this Act#, the progressive Duty, as set forth in Schedule (E.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, on the Person or Persons hiring the same, and makin&r such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in this Ad concerning the same.

Schedule (E.) No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bona fide kept for £. d,

the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate,

Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the Sum of - - a 13 6

The said Duty to be charged annually on the Person or Persons having the Custody, Charge, or Management of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, not charged with any Duty according to the Schedule (E.) No. 1, 2, and 3, and also on Mules.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not chargeable £. s, d, with any Duty according to the Schedule (E.)

No. 1, 2, and 3, as aforesaid, and for every Mule, except in the Cases herein after mentioned wherein other Duties are made payable, the Sum of__________- o 14 0

*See §5. of this c$4i

48 Geo. III

M

Schedule

Schedule (F.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HUSBANDRY HORSES, in the Cases herein after mentioned.

Any person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than £20 a Year and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of j£20 a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent,) and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by such Estate and Farm, jointly, or principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bona fide for the Purpose of such Occupation, shall be charged for each of such Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of -

Any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent in Wales or Scotland, the Rent of which shall be less than £10 Sterling a Year and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Ren/t, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £10 Sterling a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the' like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bona fide for the Purposes of such Occupation, and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them separately, shall be charged for each of such Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of

o

o

/ d.

Z IO

2 IO

RULES for charging the Duties, as set forth in Schedule (F.)

No. 1, and 2.

The said Duties to be charged annually, and paid by the Person or Persons keeping or using such Horses, -Mares, Geldings or Mules, and to be payable for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, and Mule, which shall not be chargeable nor have been charged with any Duty

payable

SCHEDULE (F.) — Horses, &c. — continued.

payable in that Year, according to the preceding Schedule, marked (E.) by virtue of the Rules or Exemptions therein contained, except as herein after is mentioned*

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (t.) No. 1, and 2.

Any Person whatever, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not being by due Admeasurement of the Height of Thirteen Hands, of Four Inches to each Hand, or which shall not at any Time whatever have been used for any Purpose of Labour or otherwise.

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties, as set forth in the several Schedules marked (E.)* and (F.)*And fie

Case I. — Any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, licensed PostmalUrt. for that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire by him or her, in any Manner where the Stamp Office Duty payable on Horses let to Hire shall be duly satisfied and paid on each letting, and which shall not, on any Occasion, be used for any other.

Case III. — Any Person duly licensed to keep any Carriage what* Stage Coach ever, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Matter*. Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire from different Places in Great Britain, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which is or shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Person in drawing such Stage Coach or Carriage from Place to Place for Hire.

Case IV. — Any Person licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Coschmen. Suburbs thereof, to keep any Hackney Coach or Coaches, for any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept for the Purpose of drawing such Coach, in respect of the Duties in Schedule (E.)No. 1. and for Two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, ' kept for the Purpose of drawing each Coach so licensed in respect to the Duties in Schedule (F.) No. 1.

Case V. — Any Dealer in Horses, assessed to the Duties made pay- Horse-Dealer*. able by this Act on such Dealers, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to such Dealer, and kept bona fide for Sale, and not kept or used for any other Purpose or in any other Manner.

Case VI. — Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be Poor Person*. discharged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House, in pursuance of the Regulations of any of the Acts herein-mentioned, for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, provided such Person shall not keep more than One such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and the same shall not be let to Hire.

Case VII. — -Any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, actually doing Duty Curates, in the Church or Chapel of which he is Rector, Vicar, or Curate, who shall not be pofleued of an Income of sixty Pounds per Annum ot upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or other-

wife;

Commanding Officer* of Volunteen.

Officers and Frivatesof Volunteer Cavalry.

44 G. 3. C. 54. «11.

Soldiers.

wife; and who shall not keep more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, winch otherwise would be chargeable with Duty according to the Provisions of this Act, except such Person who shall occasionally perform the Duty appertaining to any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, without being the regular officiating Minister of the Parish or Place in which such Duty shall be performed.

Case VIII. — Any effective Officer commanding a Volunteer Corps claiming and returning his Exemption for such Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings as he shall have been required to keep for His Majesty's Service in such Corps and no more, in the Manner required by the said last mentioned Act.

Case IX. — Any Field Officer not being Commandant, and any Adjutant of any Volunteer Corps, and any Person serving in any Corps of Yeomanry Volunteer Cavalry, or providing a Hone, Mare, or Gelding for any other Person serving in any such Corps who shall be returned in the Manner required by Law as effective, and as having used any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for such Service on the several Days of Muller and Exercise of such Corps; provided in every such last mentioned Case the Exemption shall be claimed and returned in the Manner required by the said last mentioned Act, and a Certificate shall be delivered of such effective Service in the Manner required by the Eleventh Scdlion of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto."

Case X. — Any Non-commissioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery, for any Horse used in His Majesty's Service.

SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on DOGS.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, the annual Sum of For every Dog of whatever Description or Denomination the lame may be, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, either for his or her own Ufc, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person having One such Dog, and no more, whether the same be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

o

o

o

11

11

7

I

6

o

The said Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively keeping such Dogs.

3

EXEMPTIONS

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C« jj.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (G.)

Case I. — Any Dog belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be discharged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House in pursuance of the Regulations of any of the Acts herein mentioned, and having'One Dog, and no more, the same not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier.

Case III. — Any Person in respect of a Dog or Whelp, which at the Time of returning the Lift of Dogs as by this Act is required, shall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Case IV. — Any Person in respect of the w'hole Number of Hounds by him or her kept in Great Britain, who shall compound for the same, in any Year within Thirty Days after the Fifth Day of dipril in such Year, in pursuance of Notice given to the Collector or CoRe&ors of the said Duty for any Parish or Place, where such Person shall be liable to be assessect, of his or her Intention so to do, and on Payment of the full Sum of Thirty-four Pounds Sterling to such Col-k&or or Collectors, for which a Receipt shall be given within the Period before-mentioned.

SCHEDULE (H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by HORSE DEALERS.

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and £.

Business of a Horse-Dealer within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties of the same itspectively, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, the annual Duty of 22 10

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse Dealer in any other Part of Great Britain, the annual Duty of__________- - 11 5

d.

o

o

SCHEDULE (I.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respcfk of HAIR POWDER used or worn by them.

jff, /. d»

By every Person who shall have used or worn any Hair Powder within the Period limited by any of the A£U herein mentioned, the annual Sum of -136

RULES for charging the said Duties.

I. — The said Rate or Duty to extend to every Sort or Composition of Powder used or worn by any Person as an Article of; or in, or

M 3 about;

165

And fee Schedule VM),

Royal Family.

Poot Persona,

Whelp*.

Packs of Hounds compounded for.

How ch*igeabl

'tJ married Daughters.

Servants.

Royal Family.

Naval and Military OMicers.

SCHEDULE (I.) — Hair Powder — continued*

about, his or her Dress, by whatever Name the same shall be distinguished, and to be assessed upon and paid by the Person having used or worn the same within the Year preceding the Term for which the Assessment ought to be made, except as herein after mentioned.

II. — T!u* unmarried Daughters of any Person shall not be chargeable with the said last mentioned Duties by this Act made payable, or with the Duties payable at the Time of passing this Act, or be required to make any Return under this Act, or the Acts in force at the Time of passing this Act, provided the Pardnt of such Daughters shall have more than Two unmarried Daughters, and shall have given an Account in any List by him or her delivered under this Act, or the Acts now in force, of the whole Number of such Daughters, and shall have required to be aflfefled and charged for the whole Number by One Assessment, in which Case every such Parent shall be assessed and charged in respect to the whole Number of such Daughters in Twice the Sum so payable on any single Person for his or her having worn Hair Powder, which shall exempt the whole Number of Daughters from the said Duties, and each of them 5 and that neither the Person giving such Account, or any of the Persons returned in such Account, in respect of whom such Charge shall be made, shall in such Case be liable to any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, or the Acts now in force, by reason of the Duty not being paid for the whole Number of such Daughters.

III. — The Master or Mistress of any Servant who shall have declared his or her Intention to pay the Duty which may be charged or chargeable as aforesaid in re(pcd of such Servant, and shall in any List or Lifts returned by him or her have given a true Account of all the Servants by him or her kept, in respect of whom such Duty shall be payable, setting forth the several Capacities in which such Servants are respectively kept, shall be charged for such Servant or Servants; and in every such Case, every such Servant shall be deemed and construed to be exempted from the said Duties during his, her, or their Continuance in the same Service 5 and also every Servant, who shall come into the Service of such Master or Mistress in the room of such Servant named therein, to serve in the same Capacity during the Year in which the Duty shall be so charged; and no Servant named in such List or Lists, or any Servant serving such Master or Mistress in any Capacity'mentioned in such List or Lists, shall, during the Year for which such Duty shall be charged, be required for himself or herself to make any such Return, or to pay the said Duties, or either of them, nor be fiable to any Penalty by reason of no^ making any such Return, or npt paying the said Duty.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Dutie$.

I. — Any of the Royal Family, and any of the menial Servants of His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

II. — Any Officer in actual Employ in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of Commander; or any Officer holding a Commission iu His Majesty's Navy under the said Rank, who (half be employed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; or any Subaltern

5 or

SCHEDULE (I.) — Hair Powder — continued,

or Non-commissioned Officer or private Man belonging to any Regiment in the Army, Artilleiy, Militia, Division of Marines, or Corps of Engineers; or any Person in rolled and actually serving in any Volunteer Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or hereafter shall be raised; provided that every such Person inrolled and serving as aforesaid, so claiming to be exempted, shall make such Return as by this Act is directed*, with respect to the Claim of Exemptions; provided that every such Claim shall be proved by the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Corps, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.)f and according to the Regulations of this Act in othet Cases of Exemption by such Volunteers.

III. — Any Clergyman who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of 100l. or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; or any Preacher or Preachers of any Congregation of Dissenters, or any Person diiTenting from the Church of England, in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, who now is or at any Time hereafter shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, 1 An Act for exempting Their Majesties'

Protestant Subjects di(Tenting from the Church of England from the

Penalties of certain Laws 5* or of the Statute made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and School- mailers; or of the Statute, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act to relieve, upon ' Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papicts, or Persons

professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, ' and who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of 100l. or upwards, however arising; and the Income arising from any Benefice or Benefices shall be estimated on the Average Amount thereof, computed on the Period of Seven Years next preceding that on which such Exemption shall be claimed.

SCHEDULE (K.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, used or worn by them, by whatever Name the same shall be called; videlicet,

By every such Person chargeable with any Duty made £. payable by this Act, for any Coach or other Carriage, the Annual Sum of - - - 2

By every such Person not chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, but who shall be chargeable to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, 'made payable by this Act, the Annual Sum of - J 1

M4

«f« dm

8 Q

By

167

Soldiers.

Volunteers.

Scr $ 5 oj this Act

4: 1 G. 3. c. 161. $ 36.

Clergymen, Kte.

1 W.

ft. 1. c. is.

19 G. 3. c. 44.

31 G, 3. c. 32.

Royal Family. Public Offices.

By every such Person not chargeable for any such Coach £. /. Jm

or other Carriage, nor being chargeable to the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, the Annual Snm of 12

The said Duties to be paid by every Person having used or caused to be used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the same is or shall be calied, within the Year preceding the Term for which the Assessment ought to be made, and to extend to every Person who within the said Period shall have been possessed of, or shall have kept or had any Coach or other Carriage chargeable with the Duty by this Act, or any Seal, Plate, or other Article, on which Carriage, Seal, Plate, or other Article, any Armorial Bearing or Ensign is or shall have been, during the said Period, painted, engraved, marked, or affixed, and whether such Armorial Bearing or Ensign shall be registered in the College of Arms or not.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties as set forth in Schedule (K.)

Any of the Royal Family; or any Person who shall, by Right of Office or by Appointment, have worn or used any of the Arms or Insignia worn «or used by the Royal Family, or used in any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in that Part of Great Britain before described.

SCHEDULE (L.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable in respect of killing GAME.

Upon every Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, NetL or other Engine, for the Purpose of taking or killing any Game whatever, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, or Landrail, or any (Monies, in any Part of Great Britain

If such Person shall be a Servant to any Person duly charged in respect of such Servant to the Duties

Santed on Servants by this Act, and shall use any og, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purposes before mentioned, upon any Manor or Royalty in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, or upon any Lands in Scotland, by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment, duly registered or en< tered as Game-keeper thereto, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of -

And i£ such Pe.son as last aforesaid shall not be a Servant foi whom the said Duties on Servants shall be charged, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of Upon every other Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net; or other Engine, for any of the Purposes be-forc-nticned, there shall be charged the Annual Sun: ut

£m /. d*

I I

3 3 0

3 3 _g

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 5$<

169

SCHEDULE ( L.) — Ga m u — continued.

EXCEPTIONS to the above Duties.

I. The taking of Woodcocks and Snipes with Nets or Springes, a. The taking or destroying of Conies in Warrens, or in any in* dosed Ground whatever, or by any Person in Lands in his or her Occupation, either by hhnfelf or herself, or by his or her Direction or Command.

RULES for charging the said last mentioned Duties.

I. — Every Person who intends to use or shall use at any Time after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.) shall, before he shall so use the same in any Year, pay or cause to be paid in each Year unto the Collectors of the Duties mentioned or referred to in the other Schedules of this Act, for the Parish, Ward, or Place, where he shall reside, if in England, or to the Collector of the Cess, or his Deputy, for the Shire, County, Borough, or Place where he shall reside, if. in Scotland, or one of them respectively as aforesaid for the Time being, the Duty hereby made payable, and shall obtain a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein directed % which Certificate shall continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of April next after the Time of issuing the same, and no longer.

II. — Every Collector on Application to him made by any Person residing within the Limits of his Collection, and on Payment to such Collector of the Duty hereby made payable, shall give a Receipt for the same, which Receipt shall be signed by such Collector, and made out conformable to such of the Forms for Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as the Case may require; and every such Receipt shall be a Charge on the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall be appointed for the Sum therein expressed, in like Manner and to the like Effect as if the said Sum had been previously a fie fled and levied by such Collector under the Warrant of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act; for which Receipt the said Collector shall be entitled to demand and receive from such Person, the Sum of One Shilling over and above the said Duty, and no more, which Sum shall be deemed the Compensation to such Collector for his Pains and Care in executing this Act; and the Duty so received shall be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, at his or their next Receipt of Duties, in full and without Deduction; provided that the Receipts given for the Duties contained in this Schedule shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

III. — Every such Receipt being delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners acting for the District where the Person aforesaid shall reside, shall be exchanged for a Certificate made out in one of the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.) corresponding with such Receipt, which Certificate the said Clerk is hereby required, on Demand, to make out and deliver gratis to such Person in Exchange for the said Receipt.

IV. — The said Receipts, so exchanged, shall severally be entered by the said Clerks respectively in Books to be kept for that Purpose, in the Maimer to be directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes;

to Collecton of Assessed Taut

CoMndaO

give receipts.

See Schedule (N.) IL — V.

His Fee is.

Receipts shall be exchanged for Certificates by Clerk to

Comraiffiooen shall afiefs' Parties accordingly.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

J70

C'SS-

Canmlfllorm flail provide Fortus of Receipts and Certificates.

Where no Clerk, Suite} or shall act.

How Colie^lora shall be charged with Duty, it liable.

Game>keeper»'

(Certificatea.

SCHEDULE (L.) — Game — continued.

Taxes; and the said Books, together with the said Receipts, being exhibited to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the District, and examined by them, shall be a sufficient Authority to them from Time to Time to cause an Assessment to be made on the several Persons mentioned in such Receipts in the respective Sums paid by them, which Assessments shall be of the like Force and Effect, in all respects, and shall be as binding on the several Collectors and others acting in the Execution of this Act, and on the several Parishes and Places for which such Collectors shall have been respectively appointed, as any Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners respectively under the Regulations of the said Acts under which they act as Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General, and to the Commissioners For the Affairs of Taxes, in the Manner directed by the said Acts.

V. — The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause a sufficient Number of Receipts to be distributed amongst the several Clerks, and by them to the several Collectors in their respective Dif-tridh, and the said Clerks respectively shall be accountable to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the same 5 and the several Collectors shall be accountable to the respective Clerks for the same; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall also cause a sufficient Number of Forms to be used for Certificates, according to the Forms specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.) to be distributed to the respective Clerks in like Manner.

VI. — In any District wherein no Clerk shall be appointed to act in the Execution of the said Acts, the Surveyor of the same District shall execute the Duty of such Clerk in all Matters and Things herein required to be done by such Clerk, and in every such Case the Certificates herein required shall and may be issued by such Surveyor, according to the JDiredlicfas of this Act; and in every Place for which One Collector only shall be appointed, who shall be chargeable to the Duty contained in this Schedule, an Acknowledgement in Writing under the Hand of such Collector, that he is chargeable with the said Duty, and delivered to such Clerk or Surveyor respectively as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority for such Clerk or Surveyor to issue a Certificate to such Collector, and to make an Assessment of the said Duty upon such Collector as in other Cases under this Act.

VII. — Every Master or Mistress charged or liable to be charged to the Duties on Servants mentioned in the said Schedule marked (C.^ No. 1. annexed to this Act, in respect of any Gamekeeper, whether such Person shall have been deputed or appointed by such Master or Mistress, or by any other Person or Persons, and every Person granting a Deputation or Appointment to the Servant of any other Person, who shall be duly charged to the said Duty on Servants, in respect of such Servant, whether as Gamekeeper, or in any other Capacity, with Power and Authority to use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, shall be at liberty to obtain a Receipt and Certificate on behalf of such Servant, on Payment of the Duty for the same, in the Manner

before

before directed; and such Receipt and Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to assess the Mailer or Mistress or Person granting such Deputation or Appointment, and obtaining such Receipt and Certificate as aforesaid; and the Certificate to be issued thereupon, shall be deemed and construed to exempt the Servant or Servants named therein, during his or their Continuance in the same Capacity and Service; and also to exempt any Servant or Servants of the same Mailer or Mistress who shall succeed to the Deputation or Appointment of the same Manor or Royalty, or Lands, within the Year for which the Duty shall be so assessed for and during the Remainder of such Year and no such Servant in whose Behalf a Receipt and Certificate hath been duly obtained as aforesaid, shall be required to obtain a Certificate for himself, nor be liable to the Duty hereby granted, nor to any Penalty by reason of not obtaining a Certificate in his own Name, or for not paying the said Duty: Provided always, that every Certificate granted under this Act to any Person acting under any Deputation or Appointment, shall, upon the Revocation of such Deputation or Appointment, be from thenceforth void and of no further Effect, as to the Person therein deputed or appointed; provided that if any Lord or Lady of any Manor in England, Wales, or Bernvick-upon-Tweed, or Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, shall, on the Revocation of any Deputation or Appointment by virtue of which a Certificate hath been granted for any Year, make a new Deputation or Appointment within the same Year, to any Person in his or her Service, or in the Service of the same Mailer or Mistress who shall have been charged, as well to the Duties on Servants as to the Game Duties granted by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the Commissioners of the District, and every such Clerk is hereby required in such Case to renew the Certificate for the Remainder of that Year, in behalf of the Person so newly appointed, without any Duty or Fee, by endorsing on such Certificate the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such last mentioned Deputation or Appointment had been granted, and declaring the same to be a renewed Certificate, free of Duty or Fee.

VIII. — Neither the Assessment of the Duty hereby imposed, nor the Payment thereof, nor the Certificate delivered, nor any Thing herein contained or done in pursuance of this Act, shall authorize or enable any Person to use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, at any Time or Times, or in any Manner prohibited by any Law in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, nor unless such Person shall be duly qualified fpto do, under and by virtue of the Laws in being; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, Actions and Suits, shall and may be prosecuted and maintained for such Offences as if this Act had not been made.

IX. — No Assessment or Certificate under this Act, or Payment of the Duty hereby imposed, by or for any Person acting under a Deputation or Appointment, shall be received in Evidence, or be available in Law or Equity, in any Suit or Prosecution under this Act, where Proof shall be given of using any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine for any of the Purpose9 mentioned in this Schedule, out of

Unqualified Person* not ffrotected by Certificate, &a

Game-lcteper'a Certificate confined to the Manor.

Certificates shall fee produced by Persons using Doc, Gun, &c. on Demand of any Assessor, GiHe&or, Land Oner, &c.

Penalt j Sol.

PWbficttkm of Karnes of Persons obtaining Certificates,

the Precincts or Limits of the Manor, Royalty, or Lands for which such Deputation or Appointment was made or granted.

X. — If any Person mall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine in Great Britain, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, in respect whereof such Person shall be chargeable as aforesaid, by any Assessor or Collector of the Parish where any such Person shall then be, or by any Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, acting for the County, Riding, Division or Place, in which such Person shall then be, or by any Lord or Lady, or Gamekeeper of the Manor, Royalty or Lands wherein such Person shall then be, or by any Inspector or Surveyor of Taxes acting in the Execution of this Act for the District in which such Person shall then be, or by any Person duly assessed to the Duties granted in this Schedule, or by the Owner, Landlord, Lessee, or Occupier of the Land in which such Person shall then be, it shall be lawful for such A fie (Tor, Collector, Commissioner or Gamekeeper, Inspector or Surveyor, or other Person assessed as aforesaid, or such Owner, Landlord, LeiTee, or Occupier of Land as aforesaid, to demand and require from the Person so using such Dog, Gun* Net, or other Engine, the Production of a Certificate ifilled to him for that Purpose, which Certificate every such Person is hereby required to produce to the Person so demanding the same, and permit him to read the same, and (if he shall think fit) to take a Copy thereof or any Part thereof; or in case no such Certificate shall be produced to the Person demanding the same as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Person having made such Demand to require the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, forthwith to declare to him his Christian and Surname, and Place of Residence, and the Parish or Place (if any) in which he shall have been assessed to the Duties by this Act granted; and if any such Person shall, after such Demand made, wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or in default thereof as aforesaid, to give in to the Person so demanding the same his Christian and Surname, and Place of Residence, and the Parish or Place (if any) in which he shall have been assessed, or shall produce any falie or fiditious Certificate, or give any false or fiditious Name, Place of Residence, or Place of Assessment, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and applied in like Manner as any Penalty may be sued for, recovered and applied by the Acts herein mentioned, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; provided that the Commissioners before whom the Information for the said Penalty shall be made, shall also be Justices of the Peace of and for the same County, Riding, Division or Place where the said Offence shall be committed.

XI. — The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall once, or oftener, in every Year, as soon as conveniently may be after such Certificates shall have been issued, cause the Names and Residences of the several Persons to or for whom such Certificates have been granted for that Year, m each County in Great Britain, diitinguiffiing the Persons acting under any Deputations or Appointments from others, and the Manors, Royalties, or Lands, for which Deputations or

Appointments

Appointments hare been granted, and also distinguishing the Rate of Duty assessed, to be inserted in some Newspaper circulated in each respective County, or in such other Newspaper, and in such Manuer as to them shall seem proper.

XII- — If any Person or Persons shall, after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, without having obtained such Certificate as is directed by this Act, in order to an Assessment for the Year wherein such Person or Persons shall so use such Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, every such Person shall be liable to the Duty of Three Pounds Three Shillings, inthcsaid Schedule mentioned for that Year and also shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above the said Duty; and the said Duty shall be afiefled by way of Surcharge, according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, in the Di&ri& where the Offence shall be committed; and the said Penalty shall be sued for in like Form and Manner as any Penalty may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered by the Acts herein mentioned, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of the said Act$.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (L.)

I. — Any of the Royal Family.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. 1.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several Schedules marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.)

All Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and being Members of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the Part of Ireland, or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Persons who shall hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as aforesaid, and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in which they shall respectively serve in Parliament, and all Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter be ordinarily resident therein, and now holding or who shall hereafter hold Offices or Publick Employments in Ireland and are now reading in Great Britain, or who shall hereafter reside in Great Britain, with the Approbation or by the Order or Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, and which shall be certified under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein resident for the Purposes of assisting in the Execution of Publick Business, shall be wholly discharged and exempted from the Duties set

forth

Penalty on using

Guo, Dog, without Certificate, 201. awl Surcharge of Duty.

Irish Menken of Parliament a' d public Officen.

SCHEDULE ( M.) — continued.

forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (C.), (D.), ( E.) and (G.); provided that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinanly resident in Ireland as aforesaid, being a Member of either House of Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Session of Parliament, and Forty Days before and Forty Days after each Session, nor to any Article on which a Duty is by this Act made payable, which shall be retained, kept, employed, or used by such Person in Great Britain, during the Residence of such Person in Ireland: Provided also, that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, holding an Office or Publick Employment in Ireland, unless the Approbation in Writing, or such Order or Direction of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, and a Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Persons respectively holding such Offices or Employment shall have been before the passing of this Act delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Somerset Place, or shall be so delivered within Twenty Days after the passing of this Act, with respect to Persons then in Great Britain, or within Thirty Days after the Arrival in Great Britain of such Persons respectively, who shall thereafter arrive: Provided also, that no Person shall, for the Purposes of claiming this Exemption, be deemed to be ordinarily re-lident in Ireland, unless he shall reside therein-during such Portion of the Year as is not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And, for the better ascertaining the Fast of such residence, ev6ry Person claiming the Benefit of this Exemption, shall verify the same upon Oath (if required) before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, in the District where such Person shall reside.

Schedule (M.) No. 2.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several Schedules, marked (C.) (D.) and (E.)

Any Sheriff of any County, or any Mayor or other Officer in any Corporation or Royal Burgh, fervnig an annual Office therein, who during such Year of Service shall have kept or shall keep any Number of Servants, Carriages, or Horses, greater than the Number such Person was assessed to prior to the Year of such Service, and who shall have been assessed for such greater Number for One Year, shall be exempt from farther Assessment for such greater Number for any other Year, although such Year of Service may have run into a Second Year of AUeffment.

SCHEDULE (N.)

SeeSchMtefI.) I. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be delivered by Members

Exemption II. of Volunteer Corps.

I, Commanding Officer of the

4o hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty*eightli

Year

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

ns

C.jy.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this ASy] that the several Persons herein named and described are severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps, and have duly attended at the Muller and Exercise of the said Corps for Days, in the Course of the Year next preceding the Date hereof, which Muster Rolls have been duly returned, tcilifying the same pursuant to the said Act.

(Signed) Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

II. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game-keeper, being a Servant for whom the Mailer or Mistress, or the Lord or Lady, or other Proprietor of the Manor or Royalty [if in England] [or, Lands, if in Scotland"] shall be duly alTdfed to the Duty on Servants.

N° Game Duty Certificate (A.)

[To be tiled when the Servant pays the Duty.]

BY A* B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for AlTefTed Taxes, for the Division of in the County of L.

Received from C.D. residing in the Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Townjbif] in the said County, an assessed Servant of E.F. {here name the Majier or Mijlrcfs] of [here name the Residence of the Majier or Mijlrefs] (in Exchange for this Certificate,) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H.9 one of the Collectors of AflelTed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Toovnship], for the Sum of One Guinea, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C. ZX, in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.y in the said County, {if the Certificate he granted in England,) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment of Gamekeeper of the Lands of K.y in the said County.] Given in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Day of

in.

N* Game Duty Certificate (B.)

(To be tiled when the Mailer pays the Duty.]

BY A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Afieffed Taxes for the Division of /., in the County of L.

Svc Srhnlult (L.) Ruleii.

Received

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

C-SS-

SCHEDULE (K.)-continued.

Received from E.F.

[here name the Mafier or Mistress] refuting in the Parish [or, Place] of [here name the Residence of the Matter or Mistress] in the said County, on behalf of u. D.9 an assessed Servant of the said E.F. (in exchange for this Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G.H., one of the Collectors of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Par ft or Town-for the Sum of One Guinea, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said Servant in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.f in the said County, (if the Certificate he granted in England,) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment as Gamekeeper of the Lands of K.9 in the said County.] Given in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Day of

IV. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game-keeper not being an assessed Servant to any Person or Persons.

N« Game Duty Certificate (C.)

BY A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of /., in the County of L.

Received from C.D., residing in the Parish [or9 Township] of [here name the Parish or Township] in the said County (in Exchange for this Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G. H.9 one of the Collectors of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [orf Township] of

( here name the Parish or Township"\9 for the Sum of Three Guineas, or the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C. Z)., in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.9 in the said County, (if the Certificate be granted in England,) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment as Gamekeeper of the Lands of K. in the said County,] the said C.D. not being an assessed Servant to any Person or Penbns. Given in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Day of

V. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Person not being a Gamekeeper.

N° Game Duty Certificate (D.)

BY Ai Bn Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of / in the County of X.

Received from C.D. residing in the Parish [nr Town/htfi] of [here name tit Parish gr Twnship\ in the said County (in «cnan«e

A.D. 1808.

177

48° GEO. III. C.J5, 56.

for this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G. H. one of the Collectors of Assefl&d Taxes for the said Parish [or Townjlip'] of [here name the Parish or Township\ for the Sum of Three Guineas for the Game Duty, chargeable upon the said C.D. in his own Right, throughout Great Britain. Given in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Day of

CAP. LVI.

An Act for abolishing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers, and certain Officers of Excise.

[ill June 1808.]

WHEREAS various Officers and other Persons in the Service 1 of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in the several 1 Ports of Ireland, employed in the Examination, warehousing and Delivery of GoodB and Merchandise imported, exported, or brought

or carried Coastwise into or from the said Ports, have long been in

the Practice of receiving Fees and Gratuities for the Execution of

their official Duties: And whereas great Inconvenience arises therefrom, and also from the Number of Holidays kept at the said Ports, and by various Officers of His Majesty's Revenues: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Benefit of the fair Trader (and the Security of the Revenue if the said Fees were abolishedj and the Attendance of the said Officers were properly regulated be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, shall be required, taken, or received from any Person or Persons whomsoever by any Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person appointed by or acting under the Commissiosiers of Customs and Port Duties'in Ireland, or by any Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person executing, performing, 01" affiiling in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting by themselves or others in any of the Offices or Employments in or belonging to His MajestyU Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter, or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed by any such. Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person or Persons on account of or relating to or under the Pretext of any such Office or Employment, except as is herein provided, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any such Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person shall, at any Time after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, except as is herein excepted, either directly or indirectly, on account of or relating to or under Pretext of any such Office or Employment, or for any Service,

48 Geo. III. N # Act,

No Fees shall be required dr received by any Officer acting under the Coinraissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

A.D. 1808.

-7«

Exception at t» Sltares of Seizures.

fommissioners of C'uAoros ih&ll aftert&in the Fees reroivtd by Officers for to Yesis

TomBuinoncn Anil pay Odicert Annual ('ou!-pensation for JLofs of Fees.

C 5 6. 48° GEO. III.

Act* Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed or to be done or performed therein, although the same shall be freely offered or given, every such Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Person shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, be for such Offence peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable, and shall be ever after incapable of holding or executing or afttng in any Office qr Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or iLxtife, or in any Branch of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland1

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Officer or other Person holding or exercising or acting in or performing the Duties of any of the said Offices or Employments, from receiving such Reward of Satisfaction for or on account of any Detention, Seizure, or Forfeiture of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Penalty or Share of Penalty or Composition, which under any Law now in force, or hereafter to be passed in relation to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, he is or may be legally entitled to, or to prevent any such Officer, Clerk, or Person from receiving any Allowance, Gratuity, or Reward which the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland % or any Three or more of them, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, with the like Consent respectively, may think fit to direct.

III.*And, in order that proper Compensation may be made < to any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in or holding any Office in the Service of the Customs at any Port in Ireland, who may sustain Loss by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Act; be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, prepare Tables, containing the annual Amount of the Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, and Rewards established by Law or fan&tioned by uninterrupted Usage for Ten Years last pall, which each Officer, Clerk, or other Person who may sustain a Loss by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Act received, or which his Predecessor or Predecessors and he did receive for any Service, Act, Matter, or Thing done or executed by him or them in the Performance of the Duties of his or their Office or Employ* ment held by him or them, during the Three Years ending on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, together with the yearly Average thereof, calculated on the Amount of the said Three Years, exclusive of all Gratuities, Allowances, or Monies, received by him or them out of His Majesty's Revenues, or out of any Seizure, Fine, or Forfeiture, and shall lay the same, certified under their Hauds, before the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and before the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Customs, and Port Duties, shall regularly pay or cause to be paid to every such Officer, Clerk, or other Person, such Sum annually by Way of Compensation for his Loss of Fees* Perquisites, and Gratuities

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 56* pjj

tuities under this Act, not exceeding in any Year the avertoe Amount' aforesaid, as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall edited, under his or their Sign manual, countersigned by Three or more of the said Commission-m for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer; and every such Payment by Way of Compensation shall commence from the Day whereon the Person for whom the same shall be directed shall have ceased to take or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, under the Directions of this Act, and shall continue during the Time any such Person shall continue to hold such Office or Employment.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Oath of Officer % shall be entitled to receive any such Payment by Way of Compen- re^ou>* fation, or any Part thereof, until he shall have taken the following* Uwn*

Oath; that is to say:

4J A. Bdo swear. That I will not require, take, or receive anyA Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of

any other Sort or Description whatever, either directly or indi-'restly, for any Service, Ad, Duty, Matter, or Thing done or

performed, or to be done or performed in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment on any

(Account whatever, other than my Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by Law. So help me God.'

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall after Oath of dt the passing of this Act be appointed to any Office or Employment °CCCT-relating to the Customs or rort Duties in Ireland\ shall at his vAd-

mission thereto take the following Oath; that is to say 2 -

' T A.B.f do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the best of my Knowledge and Powers, of the Trust committed to my Charge and Inspection in the Service of His Majesty's Customs;

and that I will not require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisite,

4 Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or 1 Description whatever^ directly or indirectly, for any Service, Ad,

4 Duty, Matter, of Thing done or performed, or to be done orperformed in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment on any Account whatever, other than my Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by Law.

So help me God/

VII. And whereas it is expedient for the Accommodation of Hour of Attend-

4 Trade, hnd the better Management of the Revenue of Customs, 9*

'that the Hours of Attendance of the Officers, Clerks, and other

1 Persons employed in the Service of the Customs should be altered and regulated; be it further enacted, That from and after Ten-Days after the passing of this Act, all and every the Officers, Clerk s9' and Persons executing or performing or assisting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting m any Office or Employment belonging to His Majesty's Customs or Port Duties in Ireland, whether appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by xiis Majesty's Patent, or by Deputation or other Instrument or Authority of any Patentee or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall and they are hereby required, unless prevented by Sickness or- other unavoidable Cause, which shall be made appear to the Satisfsdioa of His Majesty's Commissioners of Customs and Port

Na Duties,

A.D. 1868.

i8o

[Stt 510.]

Comtuifftoners may require extra AitcuiUnce.

Not to compel JVrfonal Attendance in certain Cases.

No Holidays, except those herein mentioned, i>mll be kept by the Officers of the I >nOnms; nor by Fjtnfr Officer* onctfnvfl in granny Permits.

42 G. 3.C. 75. §4.

0.56* 48° GEO. III.

Duties, duly and regularly to attend at the respective Offices or Places whefe their Duty is or shall be directed to be executed and performed at the Hours and Times following, on every Day of the Year except Sundays, and the other Days herein after excepted; that is to say. The Officers employed on the Quays, and all Outdoor Officers, from the Ninth Day of November until the Tenth Day of May in every Year, from the Hour of Nine in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon 3 and from the Ninth Day of May until the Tenth Day of November, in every Year, from the Hour of Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and the Clerks and Indoor Officers, and all others employed in the Service of the said Cudoms and Port Duties, from the Hour of Nine in every -Morning until the Hour of Four in every Af. temoon, during the whole Year and during the said Hours and Times there shall not be any Ceftation or Intermission of Business on any Pretence or Account whatsoever, any Law, Custom, or tJfoge to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent the Commissioners of Cudoms and Port Duties from directing and enforcing the Attendance of any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the Service of His Majesty's Cudoms st any Time or at any Place where, on any particular Emergency, the publick Service shall so require, or from directing or enforcing the Attendance of any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the said Service, at such Hours, Times, and Places as the said Commissioners shall think fit and requidte for the proper Discharge of the Official Duties of any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to compel the Personal Attendance of any Person or Persons who are now authorised to execute the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments in the Service of the Cudoms by sufficient Deputy or Deputies.

X. And be it further enacted, ' That from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Holidays or Days of Non-attendance whatever, shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the Custom-house in any of the Ports in Ireland, or by any Officer, Clerk, or bther Person belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Cudoms and Port Duties, or by any Officer, Clerk* or oilier Person employed in the Service of His Majesty's Excise in Ireland, any way concerned in or relating to the granting, issuing, examining, or regidering of Permits or Certificates of Pesmits, except Christmas Day and Good Friday in every Year and any Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's proclamation for the Puroofe of a General F<tl\ or Thanksgiving; and also the Anniversaries of the Redoration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coconation of His Majesty, and the Birth Days of their Majesties, jt: d of His Royal Highness the Prince of IVases; but that all Bu-ihicfs at the Custom-house, and relating to the Service of Cudoms and to the Service of the Excise in the respect aforesaid, shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year except on Sundays, and the Days before excepted; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty-second Year of

His

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. m C. 56, 57. 18x

Hit present Majesty's Reign, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, the Collector of the Port into which Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be imported,

1 is empowered and required to demand and receive the Sum of Sixpence for each Hogshead, Calk, or Package containing Flax Seed

or Hemp Seed, imported and examined as in the said Act is mentioned, and to retain the Sum of Three-pence thereof to his own Use, and to pay over the Remainder thereof to the Officer appointed by the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures

to examine Flax Seed and Hemp Seed imported be it enacted,

That from and after the said First Day of January One thousand Fee of fid. to

eight hundred and nine, no Collector at any Port in Ireland shall be C 'llertur re*

entitled to or shall receive or demand from any Importer or Owner

of any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, such Sum of Sixpence for every

Hogshead, Calk, or Package containing Flax Seed, under or by

Pretext of the said recited Act; but that the Officer appointed by the Trustees of the Lineir and Hempen Manufactures to examine

flax Seed and Hemp Seed imported, shall and may demand and re- Feeofad, to

ceive to his own Use the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Ewminer of Fk»

Hogshead, Calk, or Package which he shall examine, being the Seed*

Amount which he is now entitled to by Law for such his Examination; and it shall be lawful for every Collector to detain, and he is hereby required to detain every such Hogshead, Calk, or other Package, until he shall receive a Certificate under the Hand of such Officer that the same has been examined according to Law, which Certificate such Officer shall not be compellable to give until he shall have received such Sum of Three-pence for each such Hogshead

Cask, or other Package as aforesaid.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, $ 1

CAP. LVII.

An Act for increasing the Duty on Corks ready-made, imported into Great Britain.

[ 1st June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of 43 G.3.

4 W His present Majesty, intituled, an Act to repeal the Duties of Customi payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu

thereof, and by other Acts passed subsequent thereto, certain Du?

ties of Customs were imposed on Corks ready made: And whereas it is expedient for the Benefit of the British Manufacturers, that the said Duties should be increased be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Duty of Customs and after the passing of this Act, the several Duties of Customs now 0, 1 rwuty-midc payable upon Corks ready-made imported into Great Britain shall cease Cork* imported and determine, save and except as to any fines. Penalties, pr For- j!*'uof former* feitures relating- thereto, which may have been or shall be incurred at Duties, any Time before the said passing of this Act; and instead and in lieu thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Corks ready-made imported into Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs following; that is to say. For every Pound Weight of Corks ready-made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence.

N 5 <4 Addition

A«13« 1808.

182

C* $7t S#

48° GEO. III.

26 G. 3. c. 77» $ 18.

9i G. 3. c. 96.

When tny Person b charged with any Offence (not being Treason or Felony) for which he may be

Indictment or Information in K.B.: tUpon # Affidavit thereof, or on Certificate oflndifiment, &c. being filed, any Judge of the Court nay issue hb Warrant to apprehend the forty; who ffisll be thereupon'held to Bui to answer the Charge, or nn ftttur j of Bail (fas# be committed: And if any Person in «Custody for want of Bail shall not stead in 8 Days after Copy of Indi&ment, &c. and Notice to plead are de- 1.fcrered at the

u Additional per Centage on former Cadorns, viz. is/, zoi. under 43 G. 3. c. 70, -12/. iox. under G. 3. c. 53--v»2/« iox. under 4t 45 G. 3. <r. 20. — and 8/. 6/. 8//. under 46 G. 3. c- 43. shall be u charged on said Duty under this Act, §2- Duties shall be levied as former Duties. §3."

CAP. Lvm.

An Act for amending the Law with regard to the Course of Proceeding on Indictments and Informations in the Court of King's Bench in certain cases} for authorising the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants issued for Offences committed in England; and for requiring Officers taking Ball in the King's Suit to assign the Bail Bonds to the King.

till June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Provisions contained in Two Acts of the

Twenty-sixth and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Law with regard to the Course of proceeding on Indictments and Informations in the Court of King's 4 Bench, in certain Cases relating to the publick Revenue, have been ( found beneficial, and it is expedient to extend the same to other Cases; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 'whenever any Person shall J>e charged with any Offence for which he or file may be prosecuted by Indictment or Information in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench* not being Treason or Felony, and the lame shall be made appear to any Judge of the same Court by Affidavit, or by Certificate ot an Indictment or Information being filed against such Person in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person to be apprehended and brought before him or some other Judge of the same Court, or before some one of His Majesty's Juf* tices of the Peace, in order to his or her being bound to the King's Majesty with Two sufficient Sureties, in fuen Sum as in the bud Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and Angular Indictments or Informations for any such Offence; and in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Justice respectively tq commit such Person to the Common Gaol of the County, City, or Pkce where the Offence shall have been committed, or where ne os (he shall have been apprehended, there to remain until he or she shall become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by Order of the said Court in Term Time, or of one of the Judges of the said Cour^ in Vacation; and the Recognizance to be thereupon taken shall be returned and filed in the said Court, and shall continue in Force until such Person shall have been acquitted of such Offence, or in case of Conviction, shall have received Judgment for the same, unless sooner ordered by the said Court to be discharged; and that where any Person, either by virtue of such Warrant of Commitment as aforesaid, or by virtue of any Vfrlt of Capias ad Respondendum issued out of

the

A.D. 1808# 48° GEO. III. C. 58. X83

the (kid Court, is now detained or shall hereafter be committed to and GmI, the Pro-detained in any Gaol for want of Bail, it shall be lawful for the Pro- 'ntcr

fecutoir of fitch Indictment or Information to cause a Copy thereof Guilty wd to be delivered to such Person, or to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turn- Xrid.

lev of the Gaol wherein such Person is or shall be so detained, with a Notice thereon indorsed, that unless such Person shall, within Eight Days from the Time of such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty will Be entered thereto in the Name of such Person; and in case he or she shall thereupon for the said Space of Eight Days after such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, neglect to cause ah Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, upon an Affidavit being made and filed in the said Court of the Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information, with such Notice indorsed thereon as aforesaid, to such Person, or to such Gaoler,

Keeper, or Turnkey, as the Case may be, which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the said Court authorised to take Affidavits in the said Court, to cause an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, for such Person, and such Proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the Defendant in such Indictment or Information had appeared and pleaded Not Guilty according to the usual Course of the said Court; and that if upon the Trial of such Indict- Ptrty acquitted ment or Information any Defendant so committed and detained as "*7 b* aforesaid shall be acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon chftrC- him or her, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Trial shall be had, although he may not be one of the Judges of the said Court of King's Bench, to order that such Defendant shall be forthwith dsfeharged out of Custody as to his or her Commitment as aforesaid, and such Defendant shall be thereupon discharged accordingly.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His la G. a. c. au

present Majesty's Reigir, intituled An Act for the more effectual

Execution of the Criminal Law in the Two Parts of the United King*

domf it is among other Things enacted, that if any Person or Persons against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Juf-

tices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England,

for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom, shall escape, go into, re(ide, or be in any Place of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall be lawful for the

Sheriff or Steward Depute ot Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, reiioe, or be, to indorse his Name on the said Warrant, which Warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed and also to all She-i riffs' Officers, Steward's Officers, Constables, and other Peace Officers of the County or Place where such Warrant shall be in-1dorfed, to execute the said Warrant in the County or Place where

N 4*it

A.D. 1808.

4} G. 3. c. 93.

Power under re-

cited Acts as to Execution in Scotland of Warrants of Justices of Peace issued in England, extended to Warrants issued by Judges of K. B., Slc.

Bail Bonds in the King's Suits shall be aiflgned by the Sheriffs, Icc.

C. 58, 59. 48° GEO. III.

it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them

into that Part of Great Britain called England, thereto be dealt with in the Manner directed by the said Act; which Act has been

amended by another Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two A3* 4 of the Thirteenth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; and it is expedient that like Provision mould be made for the Exe-

cution in Scotland of Warrants to be issued by other Persons than

Justices of the Peace having Authority to issue the same in Eng- 4 land f be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts, whereby the Execution in Scotland of any Warrant or Warrants irtued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace m England for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom is authorised and regulated, shall extend to all Warrants irtued by any of the Justices of riis Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England or of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or by any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or other Person haying Authority to issue the same in England, for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of England, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such last mentioned Justices and Persons were spe-daily named in the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be ar? relied after the passing of this Act, by any Writ of Capias ad Per fpnndtndum issuing out of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or out of the Superior Court of Record of either of the Counties Palatine, or out of any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, at the Suit of the King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Person, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Request and Colls of the Prosecutor of such Writ, shall assign to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Sue? cessors, the Bail Bond taken from such Bail, by indorsing the same, and atteiling it under his Hand and Seal in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, which may be done without any Stamp, provided the Assignment so indorsed be duly damped before any Suit be commenced thereupon; and if such Bail Bond be forfeited, such Process shall thereupon issue as on Bonds originally made to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Court in which such Bail Bona is put in Suit, may by Rule or Rules of the same Court give such Relief to the Defendant or Defendants a6 is agree, able to Justice and Reason.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity oq

Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Brurtfwick Wolfenbuttel,

[ill June 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Com-? jnons of (he United Kingdom qi Great Britain and Ireland

A.D. 1£o8.

185

48° GEO. III. 0, 59, 60.

in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Confederation Your Majesty* most gracious Message, wherein Your Majesty has been ' pleased to state, that in consequence of the disastrous Defeat of the P ruffian Arms in the Autumn of One thou fund eight hundred ' and fix, attended with the melancholy Death of the reigning Duke of Brunjhvick IVolfenbuttJ, and the Occupation of his Territories by the Enemy, Your Majesty's Sifter, the Widow of that illustrious ' Prince, has been compelltd to fcek an Asylum in Your Majesty*

Dominions; and that immediately on her Arrival in England an

Establishment suited to her Rank, required by her Misfortunes, and

such a* it became His Majesty's Affection to afford, was provided 'out of the Civil List; but no Provision being made in the Distri-

bution of that Fund for this unforeseen Charge, Your Majesty re-

commended to the House of Commons to consider of the Means

of enabling Your Majesty to continue the Support of that Establish«

ment; do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be eq-

acted; and be it enacted, &c.

" His Majesty empowered to grant an Annuity.of 10, 000l. to the 14 Duchess or Brunfu'ck IVolfenbuttel for her Life, to be payable# quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund, from 5 April 1808.^I, Annuity payable at the Exchequer, See. $2."

CAP. LX.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the First Year of King James the First, intituled An Act concerning Tanners, Cun-fiers, Shoemakers) and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather 5 and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other A&$ of Parliament relating thereto.

[1st June 1808.]

f* Recital of flat.* 1 Jac. 1. c. 22. (continued and amended by 13 and M 14 Car. 2. r. 7.9An. c. 11. 24 Geo. 3. c. 19.) Recited Act, 1 Jac.

44 i.' r. 22. repealed. §1. — 13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 7. §4. (that red tan- ned Leather shall be sold only in open Market, and not in any 41 House, Tanner's Yard, or Shop) repealed. §2. — 13 & 14 ?4 Car. 2. c. 7. §13,. (requiring Persons buying red tanned Leather to give Notice thereof to one of the Curriers Company in London, 4* &c.) repealed. §3. — 13 & 14 Car, 2. c. 7. f 14. (giving Poiyer to the Curriers Company to search Warehouses and Shops m London, or within Three Miles thereof, and to seize Leather prohibited by 14 the Act I Jac. I, c. 22. §24.) repealed. §4. — 9 Annexe. 11, §10. 41 (reciting 1 Jac. I. c. 22. and requiring Mayors, Bailiffs, Lords of Fairs, Tanners, Curriers, &c. to execute the said Act) repealed* j 5.-24 G. 3. fi. 2. c. 19. §2, {declaring that the frovinons of 14 the Act I Jac. i. c. 22* extended to the whole of Great Britain) repealed* §6."

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons using the Trade or Business of Tanning of Leather, by himself or herself, or by any other Person or Persons, shall during the Time that he, she, or they shall so use or carry on the said Trade or Business of Tanning, use, occupy, or in any Manner carry on the Trade or Business of a Shoemaker, iurrjeij Leather Cutter, or other Artificer excpcifing the cutting or

working

Tanner shall not carry on the B liiiu'fs of a SWmikrr, Curner, Leather Cutter, kc.

A.D. 1808.

C«50) 6i)62i 48° GEO. III.

working of Leather, upon pain of forfeiting and losing all and every such Hide and Hides, Skin and Skins, so by him, her, or them, or any of them, wrought or tanned, during the Time he, flu-, or they shall so use the Trade or Business of Tanning, or the just Value thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, together with Costs of Suit, and wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

[Publick Act.]

" $ 8."

CAP. LXI.

45 G. 3. C. 47. (cvntmvrd by 47 G.3./.3.

An Act to continue until the End of the nexfe-Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Publick Expenditure and the Conduct of the Publick Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

[3d June 1808.]

CAP. LXII.

An Act for the making perpetual several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds, therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenuesf and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto.

[18th June 1808.]

Acts herein after recited made perpetual, viz. 37 G. 3. (I.).42, for regulating the Tobacco Trade; as amended by 40 G. 3. (I.) r. 77. — 37 G. 3. (I.) c. 52. for regulating the Import, &c. of Coffee; — 38G. 3. (I.) r. 24. so far as-relates to the Duties on Glafa Bottles. — 38 G. 3. (I.J r. 52. 3<)G. 3. (I.) r. 58. and 47 G. 3, 2. c. 19. for regulating Reftiiiers of Spirits 40 G 3.

44 (I.) e, 9. for the Collection of the Duties on Hides and Skins, &c. as amended by 43 G. 3. r. 97. §24. — 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 20. for regulating the Payment of Bounties; — and 40 G. 3, .(I.) c, 63. so far as relates to the Duties on Playing Cards, &c. § u"

46 G. 3. c. 67.

II. And whereas Two Acts were made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the one intituled An Act more ef* fedually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares % 4 and Merchandixe imported or exported intd or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties^ Drawbacks, and Allowances thereon: and 46 G. 3. c. 106.«the other intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the 1 Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Du/ies9 and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that further Provisions should be made for the several Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That every Court of Commissionert or Sub-Commissionert

who

T'rofc'«r»i>£*

1 rml, by C Ofj\-jYwfftoflers and Sub-comiMif-(bull be ftithout Delay.

4W GEO. III.

c. 62;

l«7

who shall $t to hear, try, or determine any Complaint or lpforma* tion for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Fort Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shall begin the Trial thereof on the Day of which Notice shall be first given for proceeding the reqn, which Day shall be within Thirty Days after the Complaint or Information shall have been made, and such Court shall forthwith proceed upon such Trial, and shall not adjourn until a Witness shall have been examined, without the Consent of both Parties, or upon good and Efficient Cause, to be assigned upon Oath by One of the parties, or his or their Agent of Solicitor, or junlefs upon some good and sufficient Cause to be assigned upon Oath by One or more of the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners fitting upon such Trial, if any Adjournment shall be desired and applied for by him or them; and every such Adjournment and Consent and Cause upon Oath shall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, and be made Part of the Transmiss,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners to adjourn any Trial as aforesaid, except from Day to Day, Sundays > Good Friday, Christ-mat Day, and the King's Birth-Day only excepted, unless by such Consent, or such Cause upon Oath so entered, any Law, Custom, pr Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Trial of any Complaint or Information shall not be proceeded upon within the Time herein-before provided, or be adjourned without such Consent or good and sufficient Cause upon Oath, the Complaint or Information shall be discharged, and no new Complaint or Information shall be received or entertained for the same Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That every and any Person who by Law is, or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland is declared or enabled to be, a competent Witness before the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland respectively, or before their Sub-Commissioners respectively, or before any Court or Judge of Assize, or other Person or Persons, upon any Enquiry, Proceedings, or Trial touching or concerning any Matters or Things relating to the Revenues qader the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, or touching or concerning any Offence committed under any Act or Acts for collecting or Securing the said Revenues or any of them, or touching or concerning the Matters contained in any Information for any fuefi Offence, shall be, and any and every such Person is hereby declared to be a competent Witness before any Justice of Peace or Magistrate in Ireland, upon any Information, Inquiry, Proceedings, or Trial touching and concerning all or any such Matters and Things respectively within the Jurisdiction of such Justice of Peace or Magistrate; and the Evidence ofi such Person shall be received accordingly py such Justice of Peace or Magistrate, on fuel} Information, Inquiry, Proceedings, and Trial respectively.

VI.*And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the Forty- sixth Year, for regulating the Collection of the Duties on Goods, 1 Wares, and Merchandize imported into, or exported from Ireland, f enacted, th*t it shall not be lavyful to iiqpqrt any Tobacco at ny

'Port

No Adjournment except from Day to pay, &c.

If Trial not duly proceeded in Complaint shall be discharged.

Persons being competent Witnessei before Commissioners of Customs and Excise shall be likewise competent before Magistrate*.

46 G. 3. c. 87. §93.

m

c. 62.

A.D. 1808.

Tobacco may be importe*! and warehous'd at the Pott of Sligp.

Ijpid Lieutenant may allow Spirit*, tec. to be |n>|)0rted at l4cbuouaJ Ports.

1 f Orrrferrs of Publick-houses ap^jointed under a; ii. 3. ft. 2. r. 12. $ 18. certify to Justice «il' Peace that lVrfooa were entertained at unlawliil Hours, Justice shall levy a Penalty of 4 Of. or j\.

48° GEO# III.

c Port or Plaoe in Ireland, save and except the Ports in the said recited Act mentioned/ be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful' to import Tobacco in-to Ireland at the Port of Sligo; and that the Importer thereof at the said Port shall be entitled to have the same lodged in a Ware-house, and to take any Benefit in respect of warehousing and bonding the same, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, in like Manner as may be done With respect to Tobacco imported at any of the Ports mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year and as if the said Port of Sligo had been mentioned and specified in the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, to permit the Importation into Ireland of Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines, or Coffee, at such Ports or Places as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council of Ireland, shall think fit, under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions in other Respects as Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines, or Coffee may by Law be imported into Ireland; provided it shall be made to appear, that ftfch Port is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port at which it would be just and reasonaUe to permit such Importation.

VIII. And, for the more effectually carrying into Execution*the several Acts for regulating Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for discouiaging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Inland/ be it enacted, That in case any Person who, under and by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Regulations with respeQ to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, shall have been or shall be appointed an Overseer of Persons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors, within any Parish in Ireland, shall certify under His Hand and Seal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, County of a Town, or City, in which which fubh Parish shall be situate, that Persons were entertained in the House of any Person so licensed between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Seven in the Morning, on any Day of the Week except Sunday, or at any Time whatever on a Sunday, such Justice shall thereupon summon the Party accused, and unless the Party summoned shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace, that the Persons found in such House were Inmates of the House where they were so found, such, Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence to subject the Persons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous Liauors to a Penalty of Forty Shillings, British Currency, for the Firu Offence, and for the Second Offence to the Sum of Five Pounds, British Currency 5 and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace may issue his Warrant for the Distress and Sale of thf Goods of the Person on whom such Penalty shall be imposed.

f4 Recited Acts may be altered or repealed this Session. §9."

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 63.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for securing the ' Collection of the Duties on Au£tions in Ireland.

[18th June 1808.]

u ±7 G 3.^.1. r. 17. §20. as to Sale of Goods exempt from Duty u (by licensed Auctioneers only) repealed. §1. 47 G. 3. Jl. i. c. 17.* §21. as to Sale of Distresses for Rent repealed. §2. — 47 G, 3.

c. 17. $ 19. (5c chap. 18. Schedule A. title Auctions) con-" fining* exemptions to Sale of Colonial Goods imported within Six M Months, repealed. $ 3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That ho Duty shall be charged on the Satie by Auction of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects whatever imported into Ireland by Way of Merchandize, and so sold at the Port of Inportation by or for the Account of the original Importer or Consignee thereof, to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom House, so as such Sale be the first Sale thereof after the Importation of the same; nor upon the Sale by Auction of any Cattle, Live Stock or Dead Stock, or unmanufactured Produce ot Land, so as such Sale be made for the Account of the Owner of such Land, or for the Account of the Person occupying such Laud, and whilst such Cattle, Live or Dead Stock, or unmanufactured Produce continues on the Land producing the same; nor upon the Sale by Auction of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects sold by Order of the Commissioners of Cuf* toms and Port Duties, or by Order of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by Order of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or by Order of the Board of Ordnance in Ireland respectively; any Thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid, or either of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, or Effects, put up to Sale by way of Auction in Ireland, shall become the Purchaser by Means of his own Bidding or the Bidding of any Person on his Behalf or for his Use at such Sale without Fraud or Collusion, then and in such Case it (halt and may be lawful for the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, or the Collector of Excise, in the District in which such Sale shall be held, and they are respectively authorised and empowered to make an Allowance to the Owner of such EHates, Goods, or Effects, of the Duties arising under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, upon such Bidding or Sale; provided that Notice in Writing signed by the Owner and the Person intended to be the Bidder, that such Bidder is appointed by or on the Behalf of such Owner, to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of such Owner, shall have been given Ui the Auctioneer before such Bidding, and that the Delivery of such Notice shall be verified by the Oath of such Auctioneer, as also the Fairness and Reality of the Transadiou to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend to prevent any Sheriff or Sheriffs from employing such Person or Persons as he or they shall think proper, to fell by Auction any Estate, Goods, or Eifects seized for the Benefit of any

Creditor

Exemptions from Auction Duties; Goods imported on first Sale.

Cattle and Stock on IaimI;

Goods sold by Order of Board of Customs, Excise, or Ordnance.

Allowance of

Auction Duty on Property bought in by the Ownrr.

Sales on Executions may be made by Slit &c. without previous Notice of the Sale.

A.D. 1808.

*pe C. 63, 64. 48° GEO. III.

feo G.a.jl.i.-»7. i.aa.

No Person felling Goods exempt from Au£lion Duty liable to any Penalty for hot being licensed.

Creditor in Execution of any Judgment, although such tVrfon shall not be a licensed Auctioneer; and that upon any Sale made by such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or the Person employed by him or them, it shall not be necessary to give any previous Notice of such Sale at the Office of Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, or at the Office of the Collector of Excise: Provided always, that the Sheriff or Sheriffs under whose Authority such Sale shall be made shall be liable to and charged and chargeable with the full Auction Duty on all floods and Effects sold at such Sale; and a Return or Account of such Sale, and Payment of the Duty thereon, shall be made by or on the Part of the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, or by the Person employed by him or them, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Act for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland, with respect to Sales by Auctioneers under that Act. '

VII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act for securing the Collection of the Duty on Auctions contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person whatever from acting as an Auctioneer in the Sale of any'Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects in respect of the Sale whereof, or of the Purchase Money arising where from, no Auction Duty is made payable under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or which by this Act or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland are exempted from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions; and that no Person so acting as Auctioneer in such Sale, nor any Person or Persons employed by any Sheriff or Sheriffs acting in any Sale by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall be required to take out any Licence for so doing, nor shall any such Person be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act For securing the Collection of the Duly on Auctions in respect of such Sale, of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, nor on Account of such Persons not having taken out a Licence pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; any Thing in the said recited Act or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.

N'An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Tear of % His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to accept the

Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.

[18th June 1808.]

46 G. a. c. 124.«tt WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to atcept the Serviees of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, under certain ReJlriSions / it was enacted, That within

' ^4 Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty-fourth Day of Julym

every Year, while the said Militia should be augmented under the 44G. Si* c. 93. 4 Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His prefen

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for empowering His Majesty to direS the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Ex*

tent therein limited9 it Should be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time to direct Regiments of the Line, or of the Royal Marines, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland,

and that it should be lawful for the Private Men in the said Militia

from Time to Time to enlist into such Regiments under the said

7 4 Act

48° GEO. III. C. 64* % gx

*A &, subject to the Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be 1 made for more effectually carrying the said Act into Execution from Time to Time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much So much of and such Part of the said recited Act as confines the Time of such <6G.a. c. 124. enlisting in each Year to the Period of Ten Days next ensuing the "confine* Time Time when the Terms of such enlisting shall be explained and made ^nUftiae to 10 known to his Men by the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Day# and io Battalion, or Corps of Militia, pursuant to Directions received by Day* farther, him for such enlisting, or to the further Period of Ten Days next repealed, succeeding such first mentioned Ten Days, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed,

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever, at any Time after Commanding the Twenty-fourth Day of July in any Year, the Commanding 0ccnfaali Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia of Periods

Ireland shall nave received His Majesty's Directions with refoedl to ofjhree Day* such Volunteering as afoiysaid, signified in Manner in the said re- each, berwcea cited Act of the Forty-sixth Year mentioned, and shall have explained 24th August sad to the Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, the Form a4tl{ hruf7. of Enlisting in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is r^tVKnlillraefit ordered and directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commanding fl^i pi*. Officer, and he is hereby authorised, empowered, and required to appoint a Period of Three successive Days, during which such Enlistment shall take place; and in case the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist from such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in any One Year, in-pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, shall not voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting within such Space of Three Days, then to appoint a further Period of Three Days for such enlisting; and so in like Manner to appoint Six such Periods of Three Days each if necessary, during which such Enlistment shall take place under the said recited Acts:

Provided always, that Ten Days Notice shall from Time to Time be given by the Commanding Officer to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting, previous to each such Period; and that there shall be an Interval of Fourteen Days at least between each such Period of Three Days; and that all the said several Periods of Three Days shall be between the Twenty-fourth Day of August in each Year and the Twenty-fourth Day of February in the Year following.

III. And be it further enacted, That if at any of the said Periods Milk* Mcnmay so to be appointed as aforesaid any Private Militia Man of such Regi- pnll/V*1 merit, Battalion, or Corps, who under the Provisionfe of the said jettons of recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year is allowed to enlist, shall volun- 46 g. 3. c. m. tariiy declare his Intention of enlisting pursuant to the said Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer to discharge him from the said Militia $ and such Private Militia Man shall be enlisted and attested in the Regiment or Corps into which he shall have declared his Intention to 61111ft, and shall be entitled to Bounty accordingly, in such Manner, apd under such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, and

Directions in all respects as are mentioned, contained, and fp reined

Ip*

C. 64:

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Wlteri the whole Number allowed to volunteer are discharged, no further Time for e 1 il'illing shall be appointees

Officers of (he Line shall not eome within 10 Miles of Militia Regiments while volunteering.

If the whole Number has hot volunteered by 24 th February yearly, Lord Lieutenant may apjxmu a final Period of 10 Pays for such Volunteering.

Powers of rented AA extended to this Act.

in the said recited Act, except so far as the same is altered or amended l>y this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in caf'* the Wh-de Number of Men allowed to enlist from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in any One Year, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, shall have actually declared their Intention of enlisting under the said recited Act, within the first or any subsequent Period of Three Days to be appointed as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Commanding Officer to appoint any further or other such Period for such Enlist ment; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize the discharging from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia any greater Number of Men than in the Proposition of Fifteen Men* for every Company in any One Year, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Commissioned Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of or belonging to any Regiment of the Line, or the Royal Marines, which shall be authorised or directed to receive Volunteers from any Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of the said Militia, to be within Ten Miles of the Quarters of such Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of Militia at any Time during the respective Periods to be appointed for the Volunteering from such Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of Militia, in Manner aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the whole Number of Men allowed to be discharged in any One Year under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year and this Act, from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall not have voluntarily declared their Intention of enlisting into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines for General Service with* in the said Six several and respective Periods of Three Days to be appointed for such enlisting, in Manner herein-before mentioned, after the Twenty-fourth Day of July in any Year and before the Twenty-fourth Day of February in the Year following, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover-aors of Ireland for the Time being, by any Order to be signified by his or their Chief Secretary to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to appoint a further and final Period of Ten Days for such Enlistment, between such Twenty-fourth Day of February and the Twenty-fourth Day of March then next ensuing; and during the said Period of Ten Day9 so to be appointed, it shall be lawful for any Private Militia Man in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, voluntarily to enlist for General Service under the Regulations of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year and this Act; and during such Period of Ten Days it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of such Regiment as shall be appointed pursuant to the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, to receive Volunteers from the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to attend at the Place of Volunteering, and to receive and enlist such Men as shall volunteer accordingly; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions, mentioned and

contained

A.D. 1808.

*93

48° GEO. III. C. 64, <Sj.

contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid,

/hall be applied and put in Force in the Execution of this Act, as fully and enectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

CAP. LXV.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for the building and rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations, in Ireland.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make more effectual Provisions for the building and rebuilding of Churches in Ireland; and for providing the Means of Residence for the Clergy on their respective Benefices 5* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and All funds in iht Sum and Sums of Money and Securities for Money which at DHpoial of the ime of passing of this Act are or shall be, or which at any Tmftees af First Time after the passing of this Act shall come into or be in the Fnut9 In Hands, Power, Custody, Possession, or Disposal of the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland for the Time being, under Primate or by virtue of any Grant of the Crown, Letters Patent, Grant Robmfon's) shall or Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, and all Interest, Di- 9J*?*1* to_ vidends, Profits, and Proceeds thereof save'and except only the rebuilding of* Funds and Property bequeathed by the Will of Doctor Hugh Boul- Churcha inter, formerly Lord Archbishop of Armagh, to be dispoied of in Ireland, as well buying Glebes or augmenting Livings, and which, in and by an Act as to puichafit^ made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-ninth Year of the ^bes, &tv Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act Seehish A8, for amending and making more effectual the Laws relating to First a3tf.2/c. is. Fruits, and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Beqieejl of DoSor Hugh Boulter, late Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of Poor Clergy, were vested in the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and also save and except the Funds and Property bequeathed to the said Trustees and Commissioners by Doctor Robinson, formerly Lord Archbishop of Armagh, and the Interest,

Dividends, and Proceeds of the said Bequests respectively; and also save and except such other Funds and Property as may hereafter be bequeathed to or vested in the said Trustees and Commissioners fair any special Purposes) shall be and the same are hereby declared to b« applicable, and shall and may from Time to Time be applied by the\ said Trustees and Commissioners in and towards the building and rebuilding of Churches and Chapels in Ireland, as well as in and towards the purchasing of Glebes and Impropriations, and building or purchasing Glebe Houses, and other rurposes to1 which the lame may by Law be applicable at the Time of the passing of this Act, and the Application by the said Trustees and Commissioners of the said Monies, Securities and Funds, and of the Interest, Profits and Proceeds thereof, or any Part thereof, in and towards the building and rebuilding of Churches and Chapels in Manner directed by this Act,

48 Geo. III. O, or

19*

A.D. 1808.

So much of any Ad* as restrain* the Application of Funds for rebuilding Churches to Parishes

where no Service has been performed for 30 Years repealed as to Churches and Chapels for the building of which Money ftiafl lie advanced on Loan under this Ad.

TVu flees of First Fruits empowered to advance Sums for building*or repairing Churches or Chnpclft*

Trustees miy take Bond ror due Application of Money advanced, and if they think fit, for Repay*

C. 65, 48° GEO. III.

or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland» shall be ns good* valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Application of the same had been originally so directed at the 'Time when the said Monies, Securities and Funds were placed in the Trust or tinder the Cojitroul or Management of the said Trustees and Commissioners; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or any Law, Usage, Custom, Grant, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of any Act or Acts in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, as limits and rest rains the Application of any Grant or Appropriation by Parliament of any Sum or Sums of Money granted to the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits for the building new Churches and rebuilding old Churches in such Parishes wherein no publick Service has been performed for Twenty Years last pad, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed, so far as relates to Churches or Chapels, for the building or rebuilding whereof any Advance by Loan shall be made under the Provisions of this Act; and from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees aiul Commissioners to appropriate all Sum and Sums of Money in their Hands to the building and rebuilding such Churches and Chapels as well in Parishes where publick Service shall have been performed in the Course of Twenty Years preceding the Time of the several Grants and Appropriations aforesaid as in anjr other Parish whatsoever; any Thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, that whenever, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, such Measures shall have been had and taken concerning the eroding of any new Church or Chapel, or the rebuilding of any Church or Chapel in any Parish or Place in Ireland* so that such Erection or Rebuilding may by Law be proceeded upon, and an Application in Writing shall be made to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Irelandf by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish or Place in which it shall be proposed and intended that any such Church or Chapel shall be erected or rebuilt, or by any Two Protestant Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, accompanied by a Plan and Estimate of the Expence of such proposed Erection or Rebuilding approved by the Ordinary of the Diocese, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners from Time to Time, and by such Instalnients and Propositions as the said Trustees and Commissioners shall think proper, to advance to the Persons so ap-

{dying, out of the Monies and Funds intruded to the Care of the aid Trustees and Commissioners, the Whole or any Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as according to such Plan and Estimate the said Trustees and Commissioners ftiau think fit and proper to be applied in the Erection or Rebuilding of any such Church or Chapel respectively, in Manner herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners (if they shall think fit) to require from the Party or Parties so applying good and sufficient Security by the Bond of the said Parties, or by the Bond or Bonds of One or more Surety or Suretiesi or other Person or Persons, in sufficient Penalties for the due Application of the Money so to be

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 6e. 195

advanced, or for refunding to the said Trustees and Commissioners so ment of the much thereof as shall not be actually expended in such Erection oranT or Rebuilding within Two Years after such Money shall have been byann\ml advanced; or if the said Trustees and Commissionera shall not think Instalmenu, &c* it fit or necessary to require such Security, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to advance such Sum or Sums of Money without such Security; and if the said Trustees and Commissioners shall be of Opinion that it is fitting and expedient that any Sum or Sums of Money so to be advanced, or any Part thereof,

Should be advanced by way of Loan to, and should be repaid by the Parish or Place in which fych Church or Chapel so erected or rebuilt shall be erected or situate, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners to require and take such Security by Bond for the repaying of such Sum or Sums of Money so advanced, or such Part or Proposition thereof as shall be expressed in such Bond or Security, in Manner and at the Time* following; (that is to say) Six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced (or such Part thereof as shall be to be repaid as aforesaid) on the First Day of July next after the Expiration of One Year from the Day on which such Sum or Sums shall be so advanced, or within Twenty-one Days next after; Six Pounds per Centum more of such -

Sum on the First Day of July in every succeeding Year (or within Twenty-one Days after), until Ninety-six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced (or such Part thereof as shall be to be repaid as aforesaid) shall be repaid; and the remaining Four Pounds per Centum of such Sum on the First Day of July (or within Twenty-one Days after) in the Year succeeding that in which the last Instalment of Six Pounds per Centum shall have been paid as before mentioned: Provided always, that no Interest shall be paid for or upon Nolnterest any Sum so advanced by the said Trustees and Commissioners under except on this Act, or for or upon any Part thereof, unless the Payment of Failure in the said Instalments shall be deferred beyond the Days and Times Instalment8* on which they shall have severally become due: Provided also, that No Advance no Sum of Money shall be advanced otherwise than by way of Loan except by according to the Provisions of this Act, towards the building or re- m oert#4n building of a Church in any Parish wherein Divine Service shall have 6, 1 been performed within Twenty Years then last past; save and except towards building Chapels of Ease in such Panihes where they may be built under an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act 6 Geo. l. c. 13; for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the First Year 1 Geo. a. e. is* of his late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending the same; for the Erection of which Chapels the said Trustees are hereby empowered to advance Money as they may for erecting any other Churches by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever Security shall be When Security taken by the said Trustees and Commissioners for the Repayment of^1*6! for any Sum or Sums of Money so advanced, or any Part thereof, by such SrSSiwli-Instalments of Six Pounds per Cmtum and Four Pounds per Centum vtnc^riie same as aforesaid, the Parish or Place in which the Church or Chapel so shall be raised by erected or rebuilt shall be (ituat?, v and which shall by Law be bound m to the Repair of such Church or Chapel, shall be required and bound to repay the said several Sums of Money, for the Repayment of

A.D. 1808.

196

43 G. a. c. 1*8. for i fluing 50, G00l. from the Treasury to the Trustees of First Fruiu;

(amended by

47 G. a. c. 23; )

repealed, as to the Manner and Conditions of ifilling the said folQt

On Certificate by Trustees of First Fruits, of Sum required for erecting Churches, Glebe Houses, fix. Treasury may advance the fane.

C. 6$, 48° GEO. III.

which such Security shall have been given as aforesaid by the said several annual Instalments of Six Pounds and Four Pounds ter Centum in Manner aforesaid; and that the Amount of the said annual Instalments or Sum or Sums of Money shall be from Time to Time afleffect, applotted, levied and raised in such Parish or Place in such Manner, and with all such Powers and Remedies for the assessing, applotting, raising and levying of the same in all Respects, as is or are provided for the assessing, applotting, raising and levying of any Sum or Sums of Money, Rate, Parish Cess or Tax, for repairing, building, or rebuilding of any Church or Chapel, or other necessary Charges belonging to such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that aH Churchwardens and Vestries shall have the like Power to assess all Parishes and Places^ and to applot and levy such Assessments and be accountable for the same, and to do all Matters and Things for the assessing, applotting, raising and levying of such annual Instalments or Sums of Money so to be payable as aforesaid in all respects whatsoever, as they now have respectively, touching or concerning any Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money, Parish Cess or Tax, for the repairing, building, or rebuilding of any Church or Chapel, or any other necessary Charge belonging to such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of any such Act or Acts as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for building Glebe Houset in Ireland1, it is enacted, that by or out of such Monies as shall at any Time or Times be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland of the Consolidated Fund, there shall and may be issued by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as he or they shall think fit, from Time to Time, free of Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the said First Fruits, to be by them applied as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the Forty-seventh

4 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year was altered and amended: And whereas no Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds has yet been issued, and it is expedient to amend the said Acts; be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said Acts, or either of them, as direct the Manner of issuing the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and the Conditions of advancing the same, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland shall certify by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the Treasurer of the said Trustees and Commissioners, to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, that they the said Trustees and Commissioners have thought it fitting and expedient that a Sum of Money should be advanced, specifying the Amount thereof, for the erecting or rebuilding of any Church or Chapel, Specifying the Parish or Place in which such Church or Chapel is to be erected or is situate, or for the Building, Erection, or the Purchase of a Glebe House and Offices,

2 or

A.D. 1808.

197

48° Geo. iil'a 65:

or for the Purchase of Glebe Lands or Impropriations, specifying the Parish or Place in which the same are to be erected or purchased respectively, together with a Statement of the Sum which such Trustees and Commissioners require to be advanced on account thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, to advance and pay to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, out of Che Consolidated Fund of Ireland, the net Sum contained and specified in such Certificate and Statement as necessary to be then advanced for the said Purposes respectively, without any further or other Warrant or Authority whatsoever to be had in that Behalf, whether such Sum shall be required to be advanced for the Purpose of building or rebuilding any Church or Chapel, or for the Purpose of building any Glebe House, or of purchasing any Glebe Land or Glebe House or Impropriations respectively: Provided always, that the Money so advanced by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall not in the Whole at any Time amount to more than the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, granted by the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Bond which shall be taken by the said Trustees and Commissioners for Money to be advanced by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury by virtue of this Act, shall be made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and shall, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be entered into, be transmitted by the said Trustees and Commissioners to the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Repayment of all Sums for which such Bond shall be given as Security shall be from Time to Time made into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland according to the Conditions of the said Bonds respectively; and if such Sums of Money shall not be duly paid respectively; the said Bonds shall and may be put in Suit from Time to Time under the Orders of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them; and if the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits shall deem it advisable and expedient to apply the Amount of such Money so repaid in the further Execution of this Act, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury again to advance and pay to the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums so repaid on like Certificate, and in like Manner and for the like Purposes as are hereinbefore specified and enacted, and so from Time to Time as often as any Sum or Sums shall be so repaid, and shall remain and be unapplied, and shall be required to be applied by the said Trustees and Commissioners to the Purposes of this Act or the said Acts respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to limit or restrain the Power now veiled by Law in the said Trustees and Commissioners to grant or give any Sum or Sums of Money gratuitously to any Incumbent for the Purpose of enabling or assisting him to build, repair, or improve any Glebe House in or upon the Benefice, Parish or Union of which he shall be Incumbent, whether such Incumbent shall or shall pot have, received a Loan to he in part applied to the said Purposes

O 3 from

Bond ih&n be transmitted to the Treasury, and all Money so advanced shall be repaid into the Tree-fury, and may be re-issued and applied to the Purpose of this Act.

This Act shall not obstruct or alter the Laws in force for building Glebe Houses, &e»

A.D. 1808.

198 C. 65. 48° GEO. III.

Irish Acts, eG.i. c. IS.

u &isG.s. 16.

Sum* to be flowed for building Glebe Uoufes.

from the said Trustees and Commissioners under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act, nor to obstruct, annul, make void or alter the Laws now m force in Ireland for building, repairing and improving Glebe Houses, or any of them, save as herein-before mentioned, but that Incumbents, in case they shall think proper to proceed un- % der and according to the said Laws, may do lo, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

X. And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for better enabling the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside on their Benefices, and for the Encouragement of Pro*'tcjlant Schools, the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits are empowered by and out of the First Fruits to pay any Sum not 4* exceeding One hundred Pounds Sterling to any Incumbent, his Executors, Administrators or Alsigns, towards reimbursing the Charge which such Incumbent may have been at in having built 4 a convenient Dwelling upon the Glebe belonging to his Benefices 4 4 And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for ereSing Parochial Chafels of Ease in Parishes of large Extent, and making such Chapels and those that are already ereSed perpetual Cures 7 and for making a proper Provision for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in fame7 and for mak*

ing appropriate Parishes perpetual Cures 7 the said Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits are required to grant to Curates of perpetual Curacies a Sum not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to build a Glebe House in Manner and upon the Conditions in the said Acts respectively mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said Sums respectively should be increased in certain Cases: Be it therefore enacted, that where the annual Value of any Benefice shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to pay any Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of - Three hundred Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds; and for every Benefice, the annual Value of which shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and for every perpetual Curacy, to pay any Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, as the said Trustees in their Discretion shall think fit; to any Incumbent or perpetual Curate, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, towards defraying the Charge which such Incumbent or perpetual Curate may incur or have been at in building any such DwelKng-house; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to pay any of the said respective Sums in advance, and in loch. Propositions, and bjr

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

C.tfj.

*99

such Ip Raiments as the said Trustees in their Discretion shall think fit, before such House is begun to be built, upon an Assurance that such House shall be built upon a Plan and Estimate approved of in such a Manner as in the said recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign is specified and directed: Provided always, that the last of the said Instalments shall be the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or a larger Sum, and that the said lall In Raiments shall not be paid until a Certificate shall be tendered as directed in the said recited Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First; and unless it shall appear by the said Certificate that the whole Amount of the Sum granted by the said Trustees has been duly expended in Addition to the Amount of the Value of Two Years Income of the Benefice, or in case of a perpetual Curacy in Addition to the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided also, that where the annual Value of any Benefice shall exceed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, the said Trustees may pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds and no more, in Manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His la.te Majesty King George the First.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and* may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the CommissionerB for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland* to advance and pay out of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds the said several and respective Sums which the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits are empowered by this Act to pay in Aid of the Erection of Glebe Houses, upon the like Certificate as aforesaid of the Treasurer of the said Trustees and Commissioners, that the said Trustees and Commissioners have thought it fitting and expedient that a Sum of Money, specifying the Amount thereof, should be advanced towards the Erection oFa Glebe House and Offices, speci* fying the Parish and Diocese in which the said Glebe House and Offices are to be erested, together with a Statement of the Sunt which the said Trustees and Commissioners require to be advanced on account of the same*

XII.*And whereas it is necessary that the clear improved yearly 1 Value of the small Benefices to which it is intended by this Act to«give increased Sums towards the Erection of Glebe Houses should be*ascertained as exactly as may be; be it therefore enacted, That the respective Archbishops and Bishops of every Diocese are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as they shall fe$ Occasion, as well by the Oath of Two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they or any Person or Persons commissioned by them under their Hands a»d archiepiscopal or episcopal Seals, are hereby empowered to administer) as by all other lawful Ways and Means, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly Value of every Benefice with Cure of Souls, Living, or Curacy, appropriate or impropriate, and of the clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of every Pfcr-fbn. Vicar, Curate, and Minister, officiating in every such Church or Churches, Chapel or Chapels as aforesaid, within their respect tive Dioceses, who shall apply so receive the said increased Sum, and how such yearly Values arise, with the other Circumstances there- of, and the same or such of them whereof they shall have fully in* formed themselves from Time to Time to certify under their respectiv Hands and archiepiscopal 6r episcopal Seals to the said Trustees and

0 4 Coxmpifiioner

Irish Treasury

empowered to advance die Sums required out of said 5Q, OOOOl.

[See §6.]

Manner of afceiw taining Value of Benefices to be benefited by this Act, by Ere&ionof Glebe Houses, lec.

A.D. 1808.

300 C. 6g. 48° GEO. III.

Tor fecoring the due Application of the Money granted under this Act or 43 G. 3.

C. 206.

Commissioners of the First Fruits for their better Information in the

Premises; and that such Certificates, when so returned to the said Trustees and Commissioners, shall be entered in a Book to be by them or some Person to be appointed by them provided and kept for that Purpose; and that the said Entries being so made and attested and subscribed by the said Trustees and Commissioners, or a lawful Quorum of them, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the true improved yearly Value of such Benefice, Living or Curacy, and of the Maintenance of every such Minister as aforesaid, unless and until by any Change in Circumstances the Value of such Benefice, Living, or Curacy, or the Maintenance of such Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Minister shall be increased, and the same shall appear to have been so increased in Value, by a new Certificate of /he Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese, to be returned, entered and attested in Manner before-mentioned,

XIII. 'And for the securing the due Application of Money ad-< vanced for the several Purposes in this Act mentioned: Be it further enacted, That whenever any Sum of Money shall have been advanced to any Incumbent under the Provisions of this Act, or of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits, in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interesl free) to encumbents of Benefices theref for the Purpose of enabling them to ereS or purchase Glebe. Hovfes and Offices convenient for their Residencicsf and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the EreSion of such Houses and Offices, and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop within whose Diocese the Benefice shall be situate in respectc whereof such Money shall have been so advanced, at any Time after the Expiration of Three Years from the first Advance of such Money, to issue a Commission under his Hand and Seal of Office, empowering and requiring certain Persons therein named to make Inquiry whether the Money so advanced has been duly expended in making the Erections, Buildings or Purchases, for the Purpose of which such Money was so advanced, and whether the Buildings and Improvements be completed agreeably to the Memorial and to the Plan and Estimate approved by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese previously to the said Money being advanced; and if on such Inquiry it shall appear that the said Money, or any Part thereof, hath not been so duly expended, or that the said Buildings and Improvements are not completed agreeably to the said Memorial, Plan, and Estimate, it shall and may be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop to issue an Order, in Writing under his Hand and Seal, requiring the Incumbent of such Benefice to complete such Ere6lions, Buildings, or Purchases, within Six Months after the Date of such Order, which Order shall be delivered to such Incumbent, or left at his usual or last Place of Abode, and in case of Non-compliance with such Order, it shall be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop to sequester the Profits of the Benefice of such Incumbent until such Order shall be complied with, or sufficient Reason for such Non-compliance shall be given to the Satisfaction of the said Archbishop or Bishop, and to direct by any Order to be made for that Purpose under his Hand the Application of such Profits, after deducing the necessary Expences of serving the Cure either in the Whole or in such Proposition as he

A.D. 1808.

401

48° GEO. III. C. 6s> 66.

shall think fit towards the Completion of such Erection, Building, or Purchase respectively, on account of which such Money shall have been so advanced; and such Incurquent and all other Persons shall also be liable to the Repayment of the Money so advanced, and to the Payment of Interest, and to all the other Rules, Regulations, and Directions, with respect to the Money so advanced, as in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year, or this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland* are mentioned, expressed and contained.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for enforcing the residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in Ireland.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that more effedhial Provisions

should be made for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual

Persons on their Benefices in Ireland May it therefore please Your Majjefiy that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case in which it shall appear to any Bishop or Archbishop of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland that any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry within the Dio* cefe of fuen Bishop or Archbishop respectively, having no lawful Cause of Absence from the same, does not in the whole reside for the Space of Nine Calendar Months within the Year on the same respectively, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to issue or cause to be issued a Monition to such Spiritual Person forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the Duties thereof, and to make & Return to such Monition within a certain Number of Days after the issuing thereof, so as that in every such Case there shall be Thirty Days between the Time of delivering such Monition to such Spiritual Person, or leaving the same at his then usual or last Place of Abode, or if not there to be found, or if he shall be absent from the Diocese, with the officiating Minister or One of the Churchwardens, and also at the House of ResidenCe (if any such there be) belonging to such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry to which any such Spiritual Person shall be required by such Monition to proceed and reside thereon, and on the Proctor, Manager or Collector of the Tythes of such Spiritual Person (if any such there be), and the Time specified in such Monition for the Return thereto; And every such Monition shall immediately on the issuing thereof be filed in the Registry of such Diocese, and open for Inspection on the Payment of One Shilling and no more $ and the Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition shall be sent under this Act, shall within the Time specified for that Purpose make a Return thereto; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop or ArchbHhop to whom any such Return shall be made, to require such Return or any Fads contained therein to be verified by the Oath of such Spiritual Person or others, to be taken before some Surrogate or Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, which Oath any such Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery is hereby authorised and required to administer 00 Application being made for that Purpose: And in every

Where any Incumbent does not reside Nine Mouths in the Year, the BiAiop, 8cc.

shall issue a Monition to*him to reside.

Returns shall be made to Monitions; on Oath if required.

102

C. 66.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Where Returns shal) not be tosde»oribalI not be satisfkdory, the Bishop may order Residence, and if disobeyed may sequester the Profits of the Benefice, and diie& the Application thereof.

Afpetl apamft S#questratious may be made to the Archbiihcp.

Case where no such Return shall be made, or where such Return shall not state such Reasons as shall be deemed satisfactory by such Bishop or Archbishop for the Non-residence of the Spiritual Person to whom such Monition shall have been sent as aforesaid, pr where he same or any of the Fadfcs contained therein shall not be so verified on Oath as aforesaid, when the same shall have been required, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to issue an Order in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to require tuch Person to proceed to and reside as aforesaid, within Vhirty Days after such Order in Writing or a Copy thereof shall have been delivered or left in like Manner as is herein-before required as to Monitions; and in case of Non-compliance it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to sequester the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy and parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, until such Order shall be complied with, or such sufficient Reasons for Non-residence dated and proved as aforesaid; and to direct by any Order to be made for that Purpose under his Hand, the Application of such Profits after deducting the necessary Expences of serving the Cure, either in the Whole or in such Proposition as he shall think fit, in the first Place to the Payment of such reasonable Expences as shall have been incurred in relation to such Monition and Sequestration; and in the next Place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any such Parsonage, Vicarage, Donative or perpetual Curacy, or the House of Residence thereof, or any of the Buildings or Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demesne Lands thereof; or may order or direct the same or any Portion thereof to be paid to the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, to be applied for the Purpose of the Augmentation of the Funds vested in the said Trustees and Commissioners; and it shall also be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop, within Six Months after such Order for Sequestration, or within Six Months after any Money shall have been actually levied by such Sequestration, to remit to any such Spiritual Person any Part or Proposition of such sequestered Profits, or cause the same or any Part thereof that shall have been pr.id or directed to be paid to such Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, to be repaid to such Spiritual Person, which Repayment the said Trustees and Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any such Bishop or Archbishop, to make, out of any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money shall then be in their Hands, out of the next Money that shall come to their Hands, in any Case in which by reason of the subsequent Obedience of any such Spiritual Person to any such Monition or Order, or the Rating and proving such sufficient Reasons as aforesaid, such Bishop or Archbishop shall think the same proper: Provided always, that when any such Spiritual Person shall think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Sequestration issued by any Bishop it shall be lawful for any such Spiritual Person, within Thirty Days after the making any Order for any such Sequestration, as aforesaid, and upon such Notice thereof to be served in like Manner as the Monition herein-before directed, to appeal to the Archbishop of the Province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some 6 Commissionq

C 66.

48° GEO. IE.

Commissioner or Commissionera appointed from among the Bishops of his Province for that Purpose, under his Hand and Seal, make or cause to be made due Inquiry into the same, and make such Order therein or relating thereto, or to the Profits that shall be so sequestered, as aforesaid, for the Return to such Spiritual Person of the same or any Part thereof, or otherwise as shall, under all the Circumstances. of the Case, appear to such Archbishop (after such Inquiry made by himself or by Lis Commissioner or Commissioners, and in the latter Case after the Substance of such Inquiry shall have been returned in Writing to the said Archbishop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Security to the Bishop for the Payment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal, as the Archbifhpp or his Commissioner or Commimoners shall award: 'Provided always, that no such Order for any Sequestration shall be put im force during such Appeal as aforesaid, and until the same shall be determined.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition or Order in Writing shall he lent as aforesaid under this Act, who shall at the Time of lfTuing thereof be absent from Residence in or upon his Benefice, his Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, but wno shall in obedience to such Monition or Order forthwith return to due Residence, and the Profits of whose Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, shall by reason of such Return not be sequestered, shall nevertheless pay all Costs, Charges, and Expences incurred by reason of the issuing and serving such Monition or Order; and if such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall remain unpaid for the Period of Twenty Days after Demand thereof from the Person liable to the Payment thereof, or left in Writing at his usual or last Place of Abode, it shall be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop respectively, to cause the same to be recovered by Sequestration of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, which Sequestration such Bishop and Archbishop are respectively hereby empowered to issue.

III.*And, to the Intent effectually to enforce bona fide Residence*according to the Intent and Meaning of such Monitions and Orders as aforesaid be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person having no lawful Cause of Absence from his Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, who after such Monition or Order as aforesaid requiring his Residence, and before or after any such Sequestration as aforesaid, shall, in obedience to such Monition or Order, have begun to reside upon his Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, shall afterwards and before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Commencement of such Residence, in the Judgment of such Bishop or Archbishop, and without his Leave, wilfully absent himself for One Week from such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop^ without issuing any other Monition, or making any other Order, again to sequester and apply the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, or perpetual Curacy as is before directed by this Act, for the Purpose of enforcing the Residence of such Spiritual Person according to the true Intent of the original Monition issued by such Bishop or Archbishop as aforesaid;

2o$

Appellant shall give Security.

Person* returning to Residence on Monitio© shall pay the Gifts: or fuffcrSequef-ttation.

If any Person returning to Residence on Monition shall before Six Months

thereafter absent himself for One Week, the Bishop may, without Monition, sequester the Benefice.

C. 66.

A.D. 1808.

[S*U1

If Sequestration continues Three "Years, or Three Sequestrations ere incurred in that Period* Benefice shall become void.

Contrails, after passing this Act for letting Houses in which Incumbents by

Order of the Biflmp shall be required to resute, shall he \ cid: and Prrfom holding l\il!( ffion alter the Day app<tinted shall D* fub|c£t to the IV r.alty of 4 OS. per Day.

Oortra<fis matV before passing

tins Act.

C. 66. 48° GEO. III.

said; and it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop so to proceed in like Cases from Time to Time as often as Occasion may require: Provided that in each and every of such Cases such Spiritual Person shall be entitled to appeal against such Sequestration, in such Manner and upon such Terms as herein-before is and are mentioned touching Appeals respecting Sequestrations; but nevertheless the same shall be in force during such Appeal.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person shall continue under any Sequestration made under the Provisions of this A A, for Non-residence for the Space of Three Years, or shall under the Provisions of this Act incur Three Sequestrations in the said Space of Three Years, not being relieved with respect to any of such Sequestrations upon Appeal, the Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, in relation to Non-residence upon which such Sequestration shall have been made, shall become ipso fa3o void, and the Patron entitled to present or nominate some Clerk thereto, shall present or nominate some Clerk thereto other than the Clerk who shall have so continued under such Sequestration or Sequestrations, as if the same had been avoided by the natural Death or Resignation of the Party.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements made after the passing of this Act for the letting of Houses of Reli-dence, or the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards and Appurtenances necessary for the convenient Occcupation of the same, belonging to any Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry (to which Houses of Residence any Spiritual Persons shall be required by Order of the Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid to proceed and to reside therein, a Copy of which Order shall immediately on the issuing thereof be transmitted to One of the Churchwardens of the Parish, and be by him forthwith served on the Occupier of such House of Residence or left at the same, and which such Churchwarden is hereby required to serve accordingly) shall be null and void; and any Person continuing to hold any such House of Residence, or any such Building, Garden, Orchard or Premises, after the Day on which the said Spiritual Person shall be directed by the said Order to reside in such House of Residence, and after Service of such Copy as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he shall, without the Permission of the Archbishop or Bishop in Writing for that Purpose obtained, wilfully continue to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard or Premises, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Whole of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, together with such Costs of Suit as shall be allowed according to the Practice of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; But in cases of such Contract or Agreements made before the passing of this Act the Person holding and occupying under any such Contract or Agreement, shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Service of the Copy of such Order of the Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid upon such Occupier, or at such House of Residence as aforesaid, and Sequestration shall not iftuc for Disobedience to the Order of the Archbishop

«A Ju i Sod*

C. 66t

48° GEO. III.

bishop or Bishop for Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Service of the Copy of the said Order, at the Expiration of which Time it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop to issue Sequef-t rat ion, and from and after the Expiration of which Time the Party continuing to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard, Pr^mises or Appurtenances as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he shall wilfully continue without such Permission in Writing as aforesaid to hold the same or any of them, to be recovered and applied in the like Manner as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person shall be liable to any Penalties under this or any former Act, for not rcflding in* such House of llefidence, during such Time as such Tenant shall continue to occupy such House of Residence and other Buildings necessary to the Occupation of the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained in relation to Residence, or to any other Matters or Things relating thereto, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to all Dignities, Prebends, Benefices, Donatives, perpetual Curacies, and all parochial Chapelries, exempt as well as not exempt, and all Peculiars, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been and were in this Act particularly mentioned and specified; any Thing in any Act or Acts, Law or Daws to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Archbishop, Bishop, and Archdeacon, within whose respcdiire Pro- vinces, Diocese, or Jurisdiction any Benefice, &c. exempt, shall be locally situate, shall have the same Powers as if such Benefice were not exempt; and where any such Benefice, &c. shall be situate in more than One Province, &c., or between the Limits of Two, the Archbishop or Bishop, to whose Cathedral the Parish Church shall be nearest, shall have the like Powers, Sic. All Peculiars shall be subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong. §8.

[ Verbatim as §39. of 43 Geo. 3. c. 84. resptding the Rftdence of the Clergy in England.*'

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or, affedi His Majesty's Royal Prerogative in granting of Dispensations for Non-residence upon Benefices, as the same now exists by Law.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Parsonage that hath a Vicar endowed or perpetual Curate, and having no Cure of Souls shall be taken to be or be comprehended under the name of Benefice, within the true Intent and Meaning or for the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, 'That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Person or Perform from any Canonical or Ecclesiastical Censures, or afiedl any Proceedings that shall hereafter be inttituted in any Ecclesiastical Court, in order to cause the same to be inflidied in relation to the Non-residence of any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Dp-native, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, not having any lawful Cause of Absence therefrom: Provided always, that from and after the passing of this Act no furh Censures by reason of any Noi>-residence, not exceeding Three Months in any One Year, shall be put

m

305

Incumbents not liable to Penalties for Non-residence during Occupation by Tenants.

Act shall extend to all Dignities, Prebends, Benefices, &c.

Saving for the King's

Prerogative in granting Dispensation*. Sinecure Livings exempted from this Act.

Act (halt not exempt from JEcckfiastical Censures for Non-residence: but no such Censure shall be enforced for !«£» than Three Months*

Non residence;

20 6

C. 66;

A.D. 1808.

bot exrepc at the Salt of the OtriiiMry.

Exception for Muften of Hospitals, and certain ocher Erriefastical Pex&iis.

Exemptions fpceified only allowed.

Archbishops and Bishops exempted.

Chaplains of Peers,

and of

Archbishops and Bifhcps.

On or before 25 March 1809, and so annually, a Return rtiall he mane to the King in Giuncil of every Benefice,

48° GEO. III.

in force; nor shall any Proceedings be admitted in any Ecclesiastical Court against any such Spiritual Person for such Non-residence not exceeding Three Months in any One Year, at the Suit or In (lance of any Person or Persons other than the Archbishop, Bishop, or Archdeacon only of the Diocese and Archdeaconry, within which such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof such Non-residence shall have taken place, shall be locally situated; any Thing in any Law or Laws, or Ecclesiastical Canon or Canons to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or hi any Manner to affect any Mailer or Preacher of Hospitals or Incorporated Charitable Foundations, during the Period for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute of any such Hospital or Incorporated Charitable Foundation, or by any other lawful Authority, in the same, and shall actually reside and perform the duties therein j or the Chancellor or Vicar General, or Surrogate or Official in any Ecclesiastical Court of any Diocese, whilst they are residing in the Places where theit respective Offices are exercised; or any Chaplain or Chaplains of the Lord Lieutenant or any other Chief Governor of that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland» Provided that every such Chaplain shall have a Certificate from the Lord Lieutenant or his Chief Secretary that he is resident in Dublin, or near the Person of the Lord Lieutenant, and is occupied by the Duty of his Office as such Chaplain; or the Provost or Fellows of Trinity College Dublin, or any Professor or publick Officer in the University of Dublin, during the Period for which he may be required by reason thereof to perform the Duties of any such Ofpce, and actually shall perform the Duties of the same; or to any Schoolmaster of any School founded and endowed by His Majesty or any of His Royal Predecessors, or to any Diocesan Schoolmaster, during such Time as such Schoolmaster shall actually reside at such School and perform the Duties of a Schoolmaster therein.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in any former Ad shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt from Residence any Person on account of any Office or Employment whatever except as herein-before excepted*

XIV. And for the Purpose of removing all Doubts, be it further enacted, That no Archbishop or Bishop having or who shall have any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative or perpetual Cure, shall, by reason of Non-residence upon the same, be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect any Privileges of the Peers of Ireland respect- ing Chaplains.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect any Privileges of the Archbishops or Bishops of Ireland respecting Chaplains.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and at the like Period in every succeeding Year, a Return or Returns shall be made to His Majesty in-Council, by every Archbishop and Bishop of the Names of every Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, and parochial Chapelry, in their respective Dioceses,

or

48° GEO. III. C. 66, 67.

or subject to their respective Jurisdictions, fey virtue of this Act, and the Names of the several Persons possessing the same, who shall not have redded thereon by reason of any Exemption under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act, or by reason of any Permission or Licence granted by the Lord Primate of all Ireland* or by any ArchbUhop or Bishop respectively, for any and what Cause, and also of all the Persons pollening the same, not having any such Exemption, Permission, or Licence, who shall not have redded on such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, or parochial Chapelry, so far as such Archbishop or Bishop is in* formed thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, That no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred under or by virtue of this Act, for any Act of Non-residence committed prior to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of th? then next Session of Parliament.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty on certain Sorts of Copper imported into Great Britain should be increased for a limited Time; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may

be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Adtice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs of Twenty-five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds, of Copper of the following Descriptions imported into Great Britain, videlicet. Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, Cast Copper, Copper in Plates, Cupper Coin, and Copper in Bars, Rods or Ingots hammered or raised; and that on the due Exportation of any such Copper on which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duties; which additional Duty and Drawback shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied in such and the like Manner, and by the same Ways, Means, or Methods in every Respect as the Duties and Drawfeacks of Customs imposed and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof* are managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied.

M Duty not payable for Copper imported into Great Britain, in a Ships licensed before 23d April, or imported into Free Port9in the 4t West Indies before 1st August 18-8. §2. Continuance of Act, 5th u April l&ji, &c. §3."

ap7

kc.t and the Incumbents nos having refidod thereon.

Commencement of Penalties 1 Aug. ISOS*

From July 1808. there shall be paid ail additional Duty of 25$. for every Cwrt. of Copper imported into Great Britain.

Drawback oa Exportation.

43 G. 3. c. 68.

C. 68)

48° Geo. nr.

A.D. 1808.

From Atx^. lft, 1807» Bounty payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies, &c. extended to Pilchards

exported to any Foreign Parts.

[&e3l£.3.r.45. last continued by 43 £.3. c. 102.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS a Bounty is now allowed by Law for every Caflc

of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Ports: And whereas the lame Proposition

of Bounty is now payable on Pilchards exported directly to any of the British West India Idands, or to /my Port or Place in the Me-

diterranean, in Calks of Thirty-two Gallons and upwards: And whereas it is expedient to extend such Bounty to Pilchards which shall have been, since the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, or shall in future be exported in Calks of Thirtytwo Gallons to any Foreign Ports be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every Calk of Pilchards or Scads, containing Thirty-two Gallons or upwards, which shall have been exported from Great Britain since the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, or which shall be duly exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain, to any Foreign Parts, there shall be allowed the same Bounty or Bounties as now is or are, or at the Time of the Exportation of such Pilchards or Scads shall be payable on Pilchards or Scads duly shipped and exported to any of the British West India Idands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, m Calks of Thirty-two Gallons or upwards; and the said Bounty or Bounties hereby granted shall he allowed in like Manner and for the same Period, and under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as are prescribed in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force with respect to the Bounties payable on the Exportation of Pilchards or Scads, to any of the British West India Idands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Calks of Thirty-two Gallons or upwards; and the said Act or Acts shall be in force for the allowing the Bounties granted by this Act as fully and effectually as the same are in force with respect to the Bounties now payable on the Exportation of Pilchards or Scads to any of the British West India Idands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediter* ranean in Manner aforesaid.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre; and Corn. to be imported from such Port and from the Coast of Africa into the said Colonies and Plantations.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Sugar and Coffee of the

W Growth and Produce of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America should be allowed, for a limited Time, to he

exported from such Colonies or Plantations direct to any Port in

48° GEO. III

C. 69>

Europe to the Southward of Cape Ftnifierre, and"th*t Conrani

Grain should be allowed to be imported into the (hid Colon* thd Plantations from any such Ports in Europe to the Southward of Capt Ftnifierre and from certain Ports on the Coast of Africa; May H

therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted/ qnd be it Sogar and Cofftt enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* may be exported trice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* from the Urkifli mom, In this present Parliament assembled, and by the AothorNy Pkotatiwwdbtd of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall W m

lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects td ship in any of His Ma- southward of \ jesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations m America any Sugar or Coffee, Cape fuitflene, Being of the Growth and Produce of any such Colony or Plantation und G>m may £1 respectively, and to export the same dined to any Port in Europe to MBPo^ the Southward of Cape Ftni/lerre9 and to import into the said Colonies [he'Sritifli* or Plantations any Sort of Corn or Grain direct from any such Portl pUntations* m Europe or from any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Decree of North Latitude, in such Ship* or Vessels, and under such Licences, Entries, Securities, Re*

(frictions. Regulations, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are r

herein after particularly described, appointed, limited, and enacted for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Sugar or Coffee shall be No Sugar or shipped or laden in any of the said Colonies or Plantations for the Pur-.

pole of being carried to a Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape*

Fintfterre except in Britj/b-built Ships, owned, navigated, and re- ships, tictniad giftered according to Law, nor unless a Licence shall have been first bytbe Bowl*of taken out for that Purpose under the Hands of the Commissioners of Custom* in \he His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland^ or any United Kingi: o«a| Three or more of them respectively, subject to the Regulations and SwurityrWen to on the Conditions hereafter mentioned (that is to say); that Notice Sou4m$&*. be first given in Writing by the Master, or by One or more Owner or Owners of such Ship >or Vessel to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland'f where-such Ship or Vessel shall happen to be, of the Intention of such Master or Owner or Owners, that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed to the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or some of them, m order to lade Sugar or Coffee to be carried to some Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape F$niflerref and to export from thence, or from any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the

Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Coni or Grain, and to carry the lame direct to any of the said Colonies or Plantations from which such Ship or VelTc! shall have failed; and that such Master or Owner or Owners shall thereupon enter into Bond to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with One or more sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds if the Ship be of left Burthen than One hundred Tons, and in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds if (he shall be of that or greater Burthen, with Condition, that in case a Licence shall be granted giving Liberty to such Ship or Vessel to lade and carry Sugar or Coffee from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and to export from thence, or from any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Corn or Grain direct to the Coloniel Or Plantations as aforesaid* that such Ship or Vessel shall 48 Geo. III. P r f^a

A.D. 1808.

C-^>

48° GEO. III

SoetrsiidCoflfee so shipped, aoi Kctqg the Ttapertr of IMtUh Stlhje^, Jbrfeited.

Before Sqgw and Coffee are shipped, Mailer shall make Derfaration and tender his Ticeoee to the Officer there; and shall make Entry thereof and lade the same

from Great Britain or Ireland respectively to the said Colonies or Plantations, and shall deliver the said Licence to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port on his Arrival, in case he shall intend to snake Use of the Liberty granted by such Licence, which he shall declare in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller before he takes any Goods on board, and that in such Case no other Goods whatever, except Sugar and Coffee, shall be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel, unless it be for the neceflkry Use of such Ship and Vessel during her Voyage.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel licensed by virtue of this Act shall take on board in any of the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or in her Voyage from thence, any Sugar or Coffee, being the Property of any other Person than some of If is Majesty's Subjects, and such as shall be shipped and laden on their proper Kiik and Account, to be carried to some Port of Bftrope to the Southward of Cape Finisterre as aforesaid, all such Sugar or Coffee so laden on board such Ship or Vessel shall be for* feited and loft.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar or Coffee shall be laden 6r put on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, by virtue of a Licence to be granted under the Authority of this A d, to be carried to any Port of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall deliver to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ship is to take in her Lacting, the said Licence, signed by the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any Three or more of them respectively, and a Cer-

tinder Ditv&ions tificate of such Bond having been given in Great Britain or Ireland^ herein speofied. as the Case may be as aforesaid, and shall declare in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller whether he intends to load any Sugar or Coffee pursuant to such Licence, which shall be done before any Goods are laden on board such Ship or Vessel, otherwise such Licence shall be invalid and of no Force or Effect; but if it shall be declared as aforesaid, That Sugar or Coffee are intended to be laden and carried to foreign Parts, pursuant to such Licence, then in order to ascertain the Quantity, Quality, Sort, or Denomination of the Sugar or Coffee to be exported in every such Ship from the said Colonies or any of them, pursuant to such. Licence, and the Liberty jnnted by this Act, and to prevent the Exportation from the said Colonies or Plantations of ary Goods before enumerated, the Merchant or other Person intending to export any Sugar or Coffee in such Ship or Vessel, shall, before the lame or any Part thereof are shipped Qr put on board, make an Entry or Entries of such Sugar or Coffee in Writing with the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, expressing the Name of the Ship and the Master on which such Sugar or Coffee are to be laden, and where (he lies, and also the Places, Quays, or Wharfs where they are to be laden or 4rft Water borne in order to be laden, which shall be within such Ports'only where Custom Houses are established, and where an Officer or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading '«nd shipping thereof, or at such Places as shall be mentioned in a Sufferance or Warrant to be taken out from the Collector and Comptroller for that Purpose, and shall thereon take out from the said Col-Jedor and Comptroller a Cocqu^t or Warrant accordingly, whereon

A.D. 180A

48° Geo. III. c. 69. an

shall be indorsed by the Exporter the Marks, Numbers and Contents, Sorts, or proper Denomination of such Sugar or Coffee, and frail deliver the Cocquct or Warrant so indorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining and shipping thereof, and frail ship or lade such Sugar or Coffee in the Presence < t such Officer or Officers, or at such Places as shall be mentioned in the said Sufferance or Warrant, that the proper Officer or Officers may attend the Shipping thereof, and such Officer or Officers are hereby empowered to examine the same before they are put on board, and if upon examining the said Sugar or Coffee whicrt shall be shipped or brought to be shipped by virtue of such Cocquet or Warrant, either before or after the shipping thereof, the Number of Cades or Packages shall be greater than is indorsed thereon, or if there shall be found any other Sugar or Coffee but such as shall be so indorsed on such Cocquet or Warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, or any other Goods than Sugar and Coffee, shall be discovered to have been laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty to trade to Parts to the Southward of Cape Fintjlerre by virtue of this Act, or shall be brought to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, or shall be put into any Hoy, lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, in order to be put on board such Ship or Vessel before such Entiy or taking out such Cocquet or Warrant, indorsing and delivering of the same, and not being shipped in the Manner aforesaid, but shall be put on board, or attempted to be put on board contrary to the Directions of this Act, all such Sugar, Cofiee, and other Goods so shipped or brought to be shipped in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be forfeited and lost, as also the Hoy, lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Carriage whatever, employed in shipping or attempting to ship any Goods other than Sugar or Coffee, together with the Ship or Vessel on which such other Goods shall be laden, and the Owner of such Sugar or Coffee, or other Goods, shall also forfeit double the Value thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice-Admiral tv held in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor, One-third Part to be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, One-third Part to the Governor of the said Colony, and the other One-third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor; and before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the said Colonies with the Sugar or Coffee laden as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking Charge thereof shall receive the said Licence from the Collector and Comptroller with a Certificate indorsed thereon or affixed thereto under their Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of such Licence, Indorsements, or Certificates, for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorsements, and Certificates, or Copies, no more shall be taken by the said Officers than the legal and accustomed Fees, and the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such ship shall, before he

receives the said Licence, attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the Colie 6lor and Comptroller, who are hereby required, as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit One of the said Copies of the Indorsements or Certificates to the Com* snissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively by whom the Licence was granted $ but in case any Goods besides No Goods moept Sugar or Coffee shall be found on board or carried by any such Ship Sugar and Coffee ° pa / J or shall be laden

board.

A.D. 1808.

ara.

Bond shall be difcliarged, on Return of Vdfid, by producing tfte Licence and Cmificate of the landing of the Sugar and Coffee, tr.

Vess ls with such Certificate may iliip Crain for the British Colonies dire£b

15 Car. s. c. 7.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

C. 69. 48° GEO. III.

or Vessel to any foreign Parts other than such as are limited by this Act, then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall cease and become void and of none Effect, and such Ship or Vessel, and also the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and all others concerned, shall be subject and liable to au and every the same Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject and liable to in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Return to the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland of any Ship or Vessel which shall, pursuant to the Liberty given by this Act, carry Sugar or Coffee from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, the Mailer or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall bring back and deliver to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, or to the Collect^or and Comptroller of the Port in the United Kingdom where such Ship or Vessel shall first arrive, the said Licence, together with a Certificate, signed and sealed by the Consul, or Two known British Merchants of good Credit at the Port or Place where such Sugar or Coffee was landed, certifying the landing thereof, with the Number of Ca/ks or other Packages of Sugar or Coffee so landed, and the Mark, Number, and Contents of each Caik or Package, with the Name of the Ship and Mailer, and that he or they verily believe that no other Goods than Sugar or Coffee have been there landed out of such Ship or Vessel, and upon such Licence being letumed with the Oath or Affirmation of die Mailer and an Account of the Lading indorsed thereon or annexed thereto as aforesaid, and also upon mch Certificate of the Consul or Two known British Merchants of good Credit being produced, and Oath or Affirmation made as aforesaid, and the several other Matters and Things required by this Act being duly complied with the Bond given before granting such Licence mall be discharged and delivered up, any Thing in the said Bond or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof m anywise notwithstanding, otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be prole* cuted in the Manner directed by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Master or Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel conforming in every Respect to the Terms and Conditions of the said Licence and Bond, and obtaining a Certificate from the Consul or Two known British Merchants as aforesaid, at the Poit where the Sugar or Coffee may have been landed, it shall and may be lawful for such Ship or Vessel to ship or load in the Port of her Delivery, or at any Port or Place on the Coall of Africa to the Northward of the Latitude of Thirty Degrees North, any Sort of Corn or Grain, the Produce of Europe or yffrica, for Exportation direct to the said Colonies or Plantation, and there land the same, any Thing contained iu an Act made in England in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, an Act for the Encouragement cfTradet or any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeit tires incurred by this Act (except where it is hereby otherwise provided). shall and may be prosecuted iu any of His Majesty's Courts

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. (59, 7a. ftfj

of Record at Westminster or Dublin or the Court of Exchequer io Scotland* One Moiety whereof to be for the Use of His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the lame, wherein no Eilbign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons G«n?im! Iff* shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall become nonsuit or forbear the Prosecution or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if a Verdi & shall pass again! him, her, or them, ihe Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the Treble Cuds, like Remedy for the same as in Cases where Cods are by Law given to Defendants.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on grant any false Certificate, or counterfeit, crate, or alter any Licence,

Oath, or Certificate which shall be made or given pursuant to this Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publifti or make use thereof, c*

£uch Person or Persons shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in the Manner directed by this A£fc, and such Licence, Oath, or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, ended, or altered, shall be invalid and of no Effect.

Continuance of Act, 25th March 1810. §10."

CAP. LXX.

An Act to provide that British Ships which shall be captured by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the allowing 2?r//f/&-built Ships or Vessels which have been made Prize by the Enemy, and afterwards by Purchase become the Property of British Subjects, to be registered

again as British Ships, renders such Captures more advantageous to the Enemy be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That from and -after the First Day of Pmm OS.

0Sober One thousand eight hundred and eight, no £ri/^fr-built Ship it8» noJkiitA or Vessel which has been captured by the Enemy, and which shall not hulk Veto have been registered de novo before the First Day of OSobtr One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor any Rr/<f^-built Ship or sftemnk be Vessel which shall hereafter be captured by the Enemy, shall be registercH as % registered as a British-built Ship, or shall enjoy any of the Privileges Uritish Veto, and Advantages belonging to a British-built Ship; but every such Ship or Vessel, although owned by a British Subject or Subjects,

shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, ' as a Foreign built Ship or Vessel; any Law, Custom, or XJsago, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

C. 71.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 180t.

48 G. 3. c. 26: §6, 7.

*1.3. c. 28. $ 4* 6»

Goods imported under the Circum (lances specified in the recited Acts may be dxpcrttd free ' from Duty, if declared for Exportation only.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Session of Parliament for carrying into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Warehouses in which they have been secured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain ex Ireland.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to Hu MajeJlj, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, frarest and Merchandise therein enumerated, in furtherance*of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council; and by another Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parlia*m: nt9 certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods» 4 Wares, and Merchandise therein enumerated, it was enacted and provided that nothing therein contained should extend to charge,

with any of the Duties granted by those Acts respectively, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn and Jesuits Bark) imported into Great Britain or Irelandunder*certain Circumstances and in certain Cases therein specified, pro-'* vided the same should, upon their Importation, have been or should be warehoused for Exportation only: And whereas under certain Acts now in force, regulating the warehousing of Good?, Wares,

and Merchandize, no Provision is made, authorising the Importer of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to declare*, upon the Importation of the same, whether they are intended for Home Consumption dr Exportation; by reason whereof many Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize may and will be liable to the Payment of the Duties by the said recited Acts imposed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the same / be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after, the passing of this Act any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn or Jesuits Bark) which shall have been or shall be imported under the Circumstances and in the Cases in the said recited Act specified as aforesaid, into Great Britain or Ireland\ and secured in Warehouses by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall and may be exported from Great Britain or Ireland without Payment of the Duties imposed on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the said recited Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, notwithstanding it may not have been declared at the Time of the Admission of such Goods into the Warehouses in which they were lodged and secured, that they were so warehoused for the Purpose of Exportation only: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be exempt and discharged from any of the Duties by the said recited Act imposed, unless the Importer, Consignee, or Owner of the same, shall on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, or within one Month from and after the Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, under the Circumstances and in the Cases aforesaid, after the passing of this ' Aa,

A.D. 1808.

*'S

48° GEO. III. C. 71, 7a.

Act) either hare cleared or frail clear the same for Exportation, or have declared or shall declare the same for Exportation only; which Declaration the proper Officer of the Culloms is hereby authorised and directed to enter or cause to be entered, at the Request of such Importer, Consignee, or Owner.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or be con (trued to extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by the said Alls, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, fexcept Cotton Wool or Yarn or Jesuiti Bark) which shall have oeen condemned as Prize in any Vice-Admiralty Court in His Majesty's Dominions, and which have been or shall be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, accompanied with the regular Certificates of Condemnation; which Goods, Wares, or Men* chandize shall have been captured in any Vessel which shall have cleared out from the Port or Place from which such Veil'd failed upon her Voyage whereon the same was captured previous to the Time specified in the above recited Acts, as the Period at which Notice shall he presumed to have been received at such Ports or Places respectively of certain Orders in Council mentioned in the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with any of the Duties granted by the said Act any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which could previous to the passing of the said Act have been legally exported to the Isle of Man.

Where Duties have been paid or secured in Cases exempted bp this Act, the Duty shall be returned and the Securities cancelled " by Commissioners of Customs. §4. The period for Importation " of Goods from the West Indies, under 48 G* 3. c. 26- §6. extended to lft August 1808. $5."

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forests.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber within the Forest of Dean:

And whereas a certain other Act was passed in the Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third,

intituled An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber h 4 the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; by which said Acts Part of the Waste Lands in the said Forests of Dean and New Forest respectively were directed to be indofed and kept in Severalty for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, and which said Acts have not been duly put in Execution: And whereas from the great and increasing Difficulty of procuring a Supply of Timber from Foreign Countries, and from the Estates of c private Individuals in the United Kingdom, for the Use of the Navy, it has become necessary to adopt Measures for insuring a more adequate Supply of Timber in this Kingdom, and for this Purpose tp make more enedual Provision for carrying the said recited Acts into full and complete Execution: And whereas certain Indofures have been made under the said recited Acts in the said Forest* respect

P4 4 tiydy 1

Exemption foe Ppse Goods in certain Cries.

[Sm 48 G. a.

C. 96. $ 8

«-.M. »7-J

Eumptioa Tor Goods exported fealty to the life of Man.

fS&v 4SG.3. c. 96. f 99.]

RscitsUf Adb, tQ Gsr. 9. c. 3.&10W.9.r.*6'

A.D. 1808.

tnclofare* of 11 >000 Acre* in Dean Fared and 6000 in New Forrft in the whole shall be horn Time to Time made under Commissiont, and the Particular* thereof returned into the Exchequer.

Grant* of Inclosure, Tree*, &c. voie.

C»^J* 4B0 geo* hi*

tively; but Doubts may arise whether in making same of the said

Inclosure* all the Forms of Procedure required by the said recited Acts hare been strictly complied with Be it therefore enacted, 5cc. Inclosure of 676 Acres in Dean Forest declared legal. §1* Certain Inclosures in New Forest declared legal. §2.'*

III.*And, in order to complete the Quantity of Eleven thousand Acres in Dean Foresty and Six thousand Acres in New Forftf to be inclosed and kept in Severalty for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts; 9 be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time to inclose, fever, and improve within and out of the Waste Lands of the said Forest of Dean and New Forest respectively, in Whole or in Part, such Quantity of Lands in the Whole as shall, together with the Quantity already in Inclosure, or which shall be inclosed as aforesaid in the said Forests respectively, make up the said Quantities of Eleven thousand Acres in the Forest of Deeu1, and Six thousand Acres in the New For efty and so that there shall not be more than Eleven thousand Acres in the Forest of Deany and Six thousand Acres in the New For efty inclosed and held in Severalty as aforesaid at one and the same Time; and such Inclosures shall be made under and by virtue of Commissions to be granted and issued by His Majesty for that Purpose, and each of such Commissions shall be directed to Six or more such Persons as His Majesty shall think fit, whereof Two in each Commission shall be Justices of the Peace for the County within which the Forest in which the Inclosure shall be made shall be situate, and shall not be Officers of such Forest; and such Inclosure shall be set out and made from and out of such Parts or Places in the said Forests respectively as shall be (bund or ascertained by the said commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be best adapted for the Growth and Produce of Timber, and may be best spared from the Commons and Highways of the respective Counties; which said Inclosures shall be admeasured by a sworn Surveyor, and set out and inclosed, butted, and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts, and Boundaries thereof returned into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record for ever; and the said Inclosures so made and set out as aforesaid, shall remain in Severalty in the actual Possession of the Crown, freed and discharged of and from all Rights of Common, and of and from all Manner of Rights, Titles, or Pretences, or Privileges, or Claims whatsoever, miring the Period of the same remaining so inclosed for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, and until the same or any Part thereof shall be' laid open tinder the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, according to the Purport and true Intent of the said recited Acts and this Act, and shall be made and reputed a Nursery or Nurseries for Wood and Timber only.

Whenever the Woods in fu^Jh Inclosures are pad Danger from browsing of Deer, 5cc. they may be laid open, and other Quantities inclosed. §4. Decayed Trees allowed for making and maintaining Inclosures. §5."

VI. And, to the end the said Inclosures may be preferred in die

Crown for publick Ufc as aforesaid, ' be it enacted, That in cade any Person,

A.D. 180$.

48° GEO. III. C 72, 73.17

Person whatever shall presume to take or obtain any Gift, Grant,

Estate, or Interest of or in the said Inclosures, or any Wood or Tree* growing thereon, every such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest shall ipso facto be null and void, and the Person so taking the same shall be utterly disabled and incapable to have, hold, or enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest, and also shall forfeit Treble the Value of any such Gift or Grant to him who shall first sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wil- P<thy ft* fully destroy or take away, or shall break down any Fence or In- breaking closure, or any Part thereof, made for the Protection of any Nurseries of Wood and Timber as aforesaid, shall for the First Offence ^aoST* forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Second Offence the Sum 3^ ftigje of Twenty Pounds, and for the Third Offence shall be deemed guilty Felonj. of Felony, and may be transported to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be subject to such other Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment, or otherwise, as the Court before which fuen Person shall be convicted may direct; and such Penalties shall and may be recovered, and on Non-payment thereof, the Person who shall forfeit the same may be committed to Prison, in the Manner and for the same Periods as is Specified in an Act passed in the Sixth 6 G.a. c. 4fc Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Prefemsation of Timber Tree*, and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, in relation to the Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds respectively, for wilfully cutting or breaking down any Timber under the said Act.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the 34 G.s. c 7*. 1 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimfrovrable Rents 5 and it is expedient, that further Provisions should be made for the better Management of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the ordering1 4 and Survey of the Exchequer, and of the Duchy of Lancaster be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Land or Ground be- His Majesty longing or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- "*7 ceflors, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, shall be deemed by ror(9

the Lord High Tretifurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or the [0

Chancellor o? the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, (Jt and iH. ufr(| wjfj, 10 proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances to Hoafa hw r be used and enjoyed with any Hnufe or Houses or Buildings erected ritllPr < r. un or to be erected upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, His*

Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietors, it shall be lawful

A.D. 1809.

si8

Crown Tjtnd not to b* gnntrd for long* rTime than the T«tn of the House.

No Lrafe of 1 ruwn Lands shall be granted*lor Life.

C rown I eases for Gardens may be renewed, as the l/afn of Houses may under 04 (». 3. t. 75. §5, 0.

I.rares may be t« newwl at ».y Time, as far as relates to I^ands deemed pfo|>er lor Ciax Jens.

C. 73. 48° GEO. III.

for His Majesty, His Heirs or Sucqtflors, to demise or grant such Land or Ground to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lantaflevi for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety-nine Years to he computed from the Date or making of any such Lease or Grant respectively; or if any such Lease or Grant be made to take effect in Reversion or Expectancy, then that the Term and Estate thereby to be granted, together with the Term or Ellate, Terms or Estates in Po.Tclliou of and in the same Lands and Ground 111 all not exceed Ninety-nine Years, computed from the Date or making the re* of as aforesaid.

II. Provided alwaC's, and be it further enacted, That no Land or Ground for Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance to be used and enjoyed with any Houses or Buildings holden or to be Holden under any Lease from His Majesty or His Royal Predecessors, shall be granted or demited for any Term or Estate exceeding in Duration the Term or Estate for which the Houses or Buildings to which such Land or Ground shall be so attached as Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance shall be holden.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Lease of any Land or Ground belonging or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within the ordering and Survey of trie Exchequer in England, shall in future be granted for any Life or Lives; any Thing in any former Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; excepting only such Lease or Leases for Lives, as in and by a certain Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for inclnjing Lands in the Parish of Great Staiighton in the County of Huntingdon, is and are authorised to be granted.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to renew any Leases of such Land or Ground demised or granted under the Authority of this Act, for Garden, Yard, Curtilage and other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any Houses or Buildings, at such Times and upon such Terms, and under and subject to the same Rules, Restrictions, and Provisions, as are prescribed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty or by this Act, for the Renewal of Leaies of any Tenements and Hereditaments authorised thereby respectively, to be granted for a Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years: Provided always, that where any such l^and shall be held and used under this Act as a Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance to any Houses or Buildings holden under any Lease from the Crown, it shall be lawful to renew the Lease of such Land at the same Time as the Lease of such Houses and Buildings are renewed, and for the same Term and under the like Conditions.

V. Provided also, anU be it further enacted, That whenever Lands or Grounds, or Part of any Lands or Grounds held under any Lease or Grant from His Majesty or His Royal Predecessors, shall have been or be deemed proper and tit as aforesaid for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages or other Appurtenances as aforesaid, it shall be lawful at any Time during the Continuanq^tf the Demise of any such Lands or Grounds, to renew the Lease or Grant thereof, or of such Part thereof as aforesaid, under inch Provisions and Conditions as are hereinbefore

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 73.

prescribed, for the Demise or Grant of any Land or Ground to be used as a Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General, with the Approbation of and by the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, to contrail and agree with any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons holding any Messuages, Lands, Premises, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, for the Surrender of any Lease thereof, or to purchase and buy up any Lease, or the Remainder of any Term of any Lease of any Messuages, Lands, Premises, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, which may be convenient for the publick Service, and may, by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to pay the Consideration agreed to be paid for such Surrender or Purchase to the Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Money arising from any Sales heretofore mad£, and which rpay be vested in the Bank of England in the Three Pounds ter Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or which may hereafter ariie from any Sale of any Property belonging to the Crown, under this Act, or the said recited Acts as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act, new Leases to be granted upon the Surrender of any fublifling Lease are limited to the said Term of Years as was granted by such surrendered Lease; and it may be doubtful in Cases wherein a Power is given by the said recited Act, to renew any Lease or Grant, whether if the subsisting Lease be furendered the same can be renewed for a longer Term than was granted by such surrendered Lease be it therefore enabled and declared, That in all Cases in which any Lease or Grant of any Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments may be renewed under the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful to make any new Lease or Grant of such Premises upon the Surrender thereof, for such Term and upon the same Conditions as if the same had been renewed under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and had not been first surrendered.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences of any new Lease or Grant made upon the Surrender of any sub-sifting Lease or Grant under the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, shall be borne and defrayed by the Lessees or Grantees thereof respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Enrolment of any Lease or Assignment, or Minute or Dockets thereof before the Auditor of the Land Revenue, or the Auditors of the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Entry of any Lease or Assignment, or Minute or Docket of any Lease or Assignment, in the Office of the said Surveyor General, or Auditors of the said Duchy, has been or shall be omitted or delayed beyond the: Period limited in any such Lease, it shall be lawful for the Chancellor of the said Duchy of Lancaster* or the said Surveyor General, for any reasonable Cauie to them of either of them shewn for the Omission or Delay, and they and each of them are and is hereby^empowered to authorize and permit the making of any such Enrolment or Entry nunc pro tunc; and the same

21

Surveyor General may with Consent of the Treasury, purchase Leases of Crown Lands for the Public Service.

Power of Renewal in renewable Case*, where Leases surrendered.

New Leaf?*, shall be paid for by Leffeea.

Cham ellor of Duchy and Surveyor General may authorize nune pro tunc Enrolment*, Entries, or Dockets of Leases, &c.

8

ato

A.D. 1808.

C. 73, 48° GEO. III.

8Gr 3.4.60.

0C. 3.C. 116.

§ 1.31, &c.

{for Redemption if Land Tax.)

Chancellor and Council of Duchy of Lancaster empowered to fell certain Lauda, under Regulations of fccited Ada.

same respectively when made under such Authority shall be as valid

and effectual as if made within the Period limited for that Punole.

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subjcd to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein hated, the several 4 'Sums^of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and by another Ack passed in the Forty-second

Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confabulating the Provisions of the several Acts potted for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One Ad, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof, and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed orturchafed; the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being is empowered to fell and difoofe of, and thereupon to grant and allure in the Name of His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy of Lancaster, such and so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood c Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands belonging to the Crown,

as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, as would raise a Sum diffident for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy: And whereas it may be expedient, that Power should be continued in the said Chancellor and

Council to sell such Portion of the said Revenues as shall be the least productive in proposition to their Value before or after the said Lana Tax charged upon the Revenues belonging to the said Duchy shall have been redeemed be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose of to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate, from Time to Time, and thereupon to' grant and assure in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, such Manors or Lordships belonging to the Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, as consist of the Manerial Rights without any Lands, or with very small Quantities of Land belonging

to them, and where the greater Part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the Property of Individuals, and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty in Right of his Duchy as aforesaid, is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to the Crown, and of Ground or Buildings appertaining or antiently held with any Castle or strong Building now or lately used for a Common Gaol, or wpth any Building used for holding the Assizes or Sessions in any County or District, or for the Court House or Gaoler's House, or in which the Magistrates for any County or District may claim to have Rights from the Length of Use or Enjoyment hr the publick Purposes of such County or District, and of Tythes belonging to the Crown, within the Survey of the said Duchy aforesaid,

48° GEO. Ift C73.'

issuing out of Lands, which are the Property of Individuals, and "of Mills, Fisheries, Ferries, Tolls, and Stalls of Markets and Fairs, and Wastes belonging to the Crown, within the Surrey of the Duchy aforesaid, upon or from which Usurpations or Incroachments have been made by Individuals, for the heft Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for the same; and the Purchase Money to be paid for the lame shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, in the like Manner as the Monies arising from the Sale of Lands of the Duchy authorised by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all Sales made under this Act of the Property herein-before described, shall be made in the same Manner and Form, and under the like Rules,

Regulations, and Provisions, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes as valid and effectual as if the same had been made under the said Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of Land Tax

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subjcB 4 to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand ftven kun-

dred and ninety-eight; and another Act passed in the Forty-second 4*, l6'

Year of his said present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating

the Provisions of the several ABs pnjftd for the Redemption and Sale of the LanaTax into One Ad, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof, and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Perfom claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements % the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased 5 the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Time being was empowered to contract for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands belonging to the Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in England, as would raise a Sum sufficient for the Redemption of the Land lax charged on the Land Revenue belonging to the Crown: And whereas in pursuance of the said recited Provision, certain Parts of the Property of the Crown which are s 4 lead productive in proposition to their Value, have been selected for the Purpose of being fold, and a large Part thereof has actually been sold to great Advantage, and the Augmentation of the Laud Revenue of the Crown; but a considerable Portion of the different Kinds of Property so selected for Sale will still remain undisposed of, after the necessary Fund for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall have been raised; and it is expedient that Power should be continued to the said Surveyor General to fell the said Portion of Property so remaining undisposed of under the said recited Acts, and to tnake further Sales of Property of the like Description be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General Swty* for the Time being, to contract or a^ree with any Person or Persons,

or any Bodies politick or Corporate, for the Sale from Time to Time

A

A.D. 1808.

aaz

Quit Ri*nt» and certain Right* of the Crown under Reflation* of lecttci \Qs.

Application of the Purchase Money.

Produce of Sales of Duchy and Crown Lands, &c. shall be in veiled in a per Cent. Stock applicable as Stock under Land l*ax Redemption Acts, 38 and

42 G.0.

C. 731 48° GEO. III.

of such Manors or Lord {hips belonging to the Crown as consist of Manerial Rights and Quit Kents, without any Lands or with very small Quantities of Land belonging to them; and where the greater Part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the Pro* perty of Individuals, and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and of Lands dispersed in small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to the Crown, and of Grounds or Buildings appertaining to or anciently held with any Castle or strong Build* ing now or lately used for a Common Gaol, or with any Building used for holding the Assizes or Sessions in any County or District, or for qyCourt House or Gaoler's House, or in which the Magistrates of any County or District may claim to have Rights from Length of Use or Enjoyment for the publick Purposes of such County or District, and of Tythes belonging to the Crown issuing out of Lands which are the Property of Individuals, and of Mills, Fisheries, and Ferries, and Mooring Chains and Waites belonging to the Crown, the Possession of which has been usurped or encroached upon, for the bed Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in like Manner as the Monies arising from the Sales of Land Revenue authorised by the said recited Act$ of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all Sales made under this Act of the Property herein-before described, shall be made in the same Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes as valid and effectual as if the same had been made under the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, and the said Surveyor General to order and direct that the Purchase Monies which shall hereafter arise by Sales to be made of Property belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, under the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, or under this Act (excepting only as far as it relates to Enfranchisements of Copyholds and Sales of Manerial Rights respectively), and which shall be paid into the Bank of England under the Directions of any of the Three last mentioned A As, shall be laid out in the Purchase either of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster, in like Manner in all Respects as is preferred in the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, with relation to Purchases of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities under those recited Acts respectively, dnd the Capital Stock purchased under the Provisions of this Act, whether Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three per Centum Reduced Annuities, and the Interest or Dividends arising therefrom, shall be subject to be dif-

posed

48° GEO. III. C. 734

posed of and applied in the same Manner, to the same Purposes, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, as are prescribed in the said recited A els of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, with respect to Stock purchased by Sales of any of the said Land Revenues authorised by the said last mentioned Acts, and with respect to the Dividends and yearly Intend anting therefrom.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Surveyor the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to contrail and agree G*neni1 e<n" with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, |£r

being Tenant or Tenants of any Copyhold or Cutiomary Tenements, dw Eufraacluie-Pareel of or holden of any Manor belonging to the Crown, within ment of the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in England, for the E11- Copyhold*, sod fraochisement of any such Copyhold Tenements, or with any Person or Persons (though not such Tenants of any such Copyhold to*Mui»o« Tenements) for the Sale of the Manerial Rights belonging to the the Cro«u, Crown therein, at or for the best Prices or Couiiderations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall or may be able to procure for the same, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and the Tenements so agreed to be enfranchised, or upon which the Manerial Rights shall have beeu so contru&ed for, and the Confix deration to be paid for the same, shall be specified in a Certificate to be granted for that Purpose, and the Consideration Monies so to be paid shall be accepted, and Receipt given for the same, and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be enrolled, and the Enrolment thereof shall be attested in the same Form and Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions respectively (except undfr Regu-where it is otherwise provided by this Act) as are contained in the '

said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, ^'

with relation to the Conveyance of Fee Farm Rents to th.' Purchlfers and thi* ASi. thereof under that All; and such Certificate and Receipt shall also, in the Court Rolls of the Manor under which the Tenement to which the same relates is holden, be enrolled by the Steward of such Manor or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby required forthwith to enrol such Certificate and Receipt upon the Production thereof to him. and having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt as aforesaid, shall at-ted the same under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such Enrolments, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Copy-

bold Tenements included in any such Certificate, relating to the En. franchiserr.ent thereof, shall be enfranchised, and the Tenants thereof respectively shall hold the same freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which cau or may be made by His Majesty,

His Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under them, as Lords of the Manor to which such Tenements before the Enfranchisement thereof belonged, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccaiTors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and from and immediately after such Enrolments and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchases of any Manerial Right mentioned in any such Certificate, relating to the Purchase thereof, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possessioi. of the

Manerial

C-73-

48° GEO. Iff.

A.D. 1808.

Content of |he

Treasury

required.

ProcToce of such Enfranchise-nenti, &c. shall he inverted in Three per Cents, as under 84 G. 3. c. 75. §16. and a separate Account kept*

Certificate shall be given by Surveyor General to JPurckafers, &c. on Production whereof, and Payment of the Money, Bank shall give Receipts.

Form of Certificate.

Manerial Rights so by them respectively purchased, 'and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any Person claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same if such Sale had not taken place*

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Cojitraft shall he made unless by special Warrant, to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Purchase Money or Consideration to be paid for every such Enfranchisement or Par-chase of Manerial Rights, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England\ to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Enfranchisement of Copyholds of Crown Manors, and shall be laid out' in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, by order of the said Surveyor General (who is for that Purpose hereby authorised to make Drafts on the Bank for the same) in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown* and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other mnimproveable Rente; but nevertheless in such Manner that the Accounts may be kept separate and distinct from the Accounts of the Sales made and Stock purchased in pursuance of the said Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor General shall have con traced with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corpprate, for the Enfranchisement of any such Tenements or other Hereditaments, or Sale of the Manerial Rights therein, the said Surveyor General shall grant to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand, sped-fving the Premises so agreed to be enfranchised or fold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which is hereby required to be paid within Thirty Days from the Date of such Certificate, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the same, without Fee or Reward; which Certificates and Receipts shall be in the Form of Words following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say)

By the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue:

HPHESE are to certify, That the said Surveyor General hatheJL contracted and agreed on Behalf of the King's most Excellent Majesty, with of

' for the [Enfranchisement of] or [Sale of the Manerial Rights

belonging to the Crown, in and upon] the Copyhold or Customary Tenements herein after mentioned, holden by the said

by Copy of Court Roll of His Majesty's Manor of

c in the County of (that is

to say) All that \here insert the Description of the Premises'] at

4 eg for the Price or Sum of to be paid by the

«laid

7

48° GEO. III. C. 73.

2*$

said into the Bank of England) and carried

to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England for Enfranchisement of Copyholds of Crown Manors [where there is a k subjijl'ing Lease of the Manor to insert\ subject nevertheless [reciting

the Lease] and from and immediately after Payment of the said Sum

in Manner aforesaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Sum in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and in the Court Rolls of the said Manor, and thenceforth for ever the said and his Heirs and Aisigns, shall hold and enjoy the said rPremisea,

4 as Freehold in Fee and Common Socage, treed and discharged of and from all Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit-Rents, and other Customary Dues and Payments, Suits and Services whatsoever] or 4 [Manerial Rights, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, could or might have held and enjoyed the fame] by virtue of an Act of Parliament,

passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this 4 A3]. Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General, this.

4 Day of

4 Witness to the signing by the said Surveyor General,

4 T1 ECEIVED the Day of Form

XV of and from the above-named Jf*?1*

the Sum of of lawful Money of Great V*"*

4 Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above written Certificate. Witness my Hand For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Cashier.*

Which Certificates and Receipts shall not be charged or chargeable with any other Stamp Duty than such as is by Law required for the Receipts for the respective Sums therein expressed to be paid as the Consideration for such Enfranchisements, or for such Manerial Rights; and such Certificates and Receipts shall be good, Sufficient, valid and effectual in the Law for conveying and alTuring the Several Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein respectively to be comprized, enfranchised, and discharged, and the said Manerial Rights therein Specified, unto and to the Use of the Several and respective Persons therein to be named, and their Heirs and Assign? for ever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the Said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, and in force before the passing of this Act, with respect to the Sales of Fee Farm Rents, and the Certificates and Receipts relating thereto, authorised by that Act, shall be in force and be applied as far as the lame are applicable, and are not altered by this Act with relation to the Enfranchisement of Copyholds, and Sales of Manerial Rights, and to the Certificates and Receipts concerning the same, authorised by this Act.

XVIII. And whereas great Uncertainty prevails as to what

Such Certificate and Receipt (with Receipt Stamp

frful Conveyance.

JVovisions of 34 G. 3. c. 75. extended to this

Aa.

48 Geo. III.

1 Stamp

220

26 G. 3. c. 7.

60 G. 3. C. 66.

34 G. 3, C. 75.

No former Cortlnu&i and Ixafes under said A#» frail be void for Want of proper Stamps; future Contract* and Lease* shall be exempt from Stamp Duties.

C-73*

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 180S.

34G-U.«.r5.§5.

Where Houses of increased Value are agreed to be built on ( ruwn Band under X^afe, wHi houirs thereon, n»*w Jjfafcs of the Whole may be granted for any Term under laid Act (except for Laic).

Stamp Duties ought by Law to be imposed upon Contracts for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents under an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for appointing Com

mtfftoners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

rorests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents; and under another

Ad made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for appoint-

inr Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, and under the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, and < also upon Leases granted by the Crown under the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, to the great Grievance and

Hard ship of Purchasers of such Fee Farm Rents and Lessees of the Crown respectively Be it enacted, That no Contracts made under any of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth, Thirtieth, or Thirty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, nor any Leases made under the Great Seal or Seal of the Exchequer, of any Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, since the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, shall be null and void on account of the same respectively not being duly stamped, or the Stamp Duty not having been duly paid thereon respectively, and that no Contract which shall be hereafter made for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold, or for the Sale of any Manerial Rights under this Act, or the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, nor any Lease or Grant which shall be made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act or of the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, which shall be hereafter made of any Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey last aforesaid, (halfbe subject to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XIX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirtyfourth Year of His present Majesty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That it shall not be lawful to renew any urant or Lease of any Tenements or Hereditaments authorised by the said Act to be granted for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, until within f Twenty Years of the Period of the Expiration of the same, except in certain Cases therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that

a Power of Renewal Should be allowed in other Cases not specified in the said Exception f Be it therefore enacted, That where any House or other Building shall require or shall be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or any new House or other Building to be erected upon any Land or Ground belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, held under a Lease from the Crown, upon which other Houses or Buildings included in the same Lease are standing, if the Lessee or Grantee shall covenant and agree to build a new House or Building, or to rebuild a House or Building of such Value as to increase the Value of the whole Property included in such Lease, it shall be lawful at any Time or Times hereafter to grant any further or other Lease of all such Land or Ground, with

7*the

48° GEO. III. C. 73.

the Hovifes and Buddings thereupon, as were included in the former Lease, for any Terra or Estate (except for Lrife or Lives) not exceeding the Terms and Estates authorised by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, to be granted; provided that in every such Lease there be referred and made parable.to His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, such Rent as is by the said last mentioned Act or this Act required to be referred, and that Covenants or Conditions be inserted therein on the Part of the respective Grantees or Lessees for erecting such new Houses or Buildings, or rebuilding such Houses or Buildings, within a reasonable Time, to be in such Case limited and appointed for that Purpose, and that such respective Improvements shall be of the requisite Value.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any new Edifice or Where new Building shall be erected or agreed to be erected on Ground belong- Buildings are ing to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Chancellor agr?*[1t0* and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, or of the said Surveyor Ge- j)uchy Land or neral aforesaid, or held under any Lease from the Crown, for the Crown Land for Enlargement of, and to be united to and occupied with any House Enlargement of or other Building held under any other Lease from the Crown, it' «dfting Houses, shall be lawful to grant a new Lease or Leases for any Term not ex*fc* ulK}^, "y Geeding Ninety-nine Years, as well of the Ground on which such new mar

Edifice or Building shall be erected or agreed to be erested, as of all or be granted of the any Part of any other Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Whole. v Leases; provided that the greater Part of the yearly Value of the Tenements and Hereditaments so to be granted shall coniift of the Buildings thereon, or of Ground set apart and appropriated for building, or for necessary -Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, or other Appurtenances as aforesaid.

XXI. - And whereas the Restrictions contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as it now stands, may be found inconvenient in respect to the granting of Leases of forae Kinds of Property now held under Lease from the Crown, and which are of a fluctuating and uncertain Value Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Com- Treasury may missioners of the Treasury to grant and renew Leases of the Profits grant and renew of Agistment of Forests disafforested, the Profits of Prae and Poll Lease* of Fines arising within the Principality of Wales and County Palatine of C better % those of Light-houses on Beaeons, and of Chains for moor- p^duce> fur ing Ships, Tolls, Markets and Fairs, Tythes, Fisheries, Ferries, 31 Ycjjs, at and other Articles of uncertain* Produce, for such Terra of Years their Difcmioiu'not exceeding Thirty-one Years, and for such Fine or Fines, apd under such Rent or other Reservations and Conditions as they shall from Time to Time think reasonable and expedient.

XXII. And whereas in the said recited Act of the Thirtyfourth Year of His present Majesty it was enacted and declared,

That where any Wactes, Commons, or other uninclosed Lands or Grounds within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, in which His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, has or shall have any Interest,

shall be deemed fit and proper to be divided, inclosed, drained,

or otherwise improved, and shall be by Authority of Parliament "

or otherwise authorised and directed to be divided and inclosed, and where the Term or Estate in Possession of and in the same respectively shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissionets of the Treasury to be iufuJEcient to defray the Coftf

Q a -and

A.D. 180S.

2tS

Power of

34 G. 3. C. 7M7' to renew LeiTei of* Waites, extended to any other Lands comprized in the same Lease. 4G.a. c. 75.§9.

Treasury shall ascertain Reut, &c. where Houses are to he rebuilt or newly erected on deittifed Land, whereoh are other Houfrs not intended to be rebuilt.

Treasury may reserve Rent only, without Fine, where old Buildings are

i

C. 73. 48° GEO. III.

and Charges of such Works and Improvements with reasonablar Profit and Advantage to the Parties making or causing the same to be made, or to their Representatives or Assigns, in all and every such Case and Cases it shall be lawful to renew any such Lease, or to grant any further or other Lease of any such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, for any Term or Estate not exceeding the Terms or Estates authorised to be granted of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such pr the Uke Descriptions, by the Ad 4 of the First Year of Queen Anne therein mentioned, or by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that fuen Power of Renewal should be extended to any other Lands comprised in the same Lease with such Wades' or other uninclosed Lands; be it therefore further enacted, That whenever any Lease shall be renewed under the said recited Provision, with respect to any such Wactes, Commons, or other uninclosed Lands or Grounds, it shall be lawful to renew the same in like Manner and upon the same Terms with respect to any other Lands or Grounds comprized in the same Lease, with such Wactes, Commons, or uninclosed Lands or Grounds.

XXIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirtyfourth Year aforesaid, certain Rules are laid down for the Reservation of Rent, in Cases where there are substantial Buildings upon Ground to be demised, or the Buildings thereupon shall not require or be intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and also in Cases where there are no substantial Buildings upon the Grounds to be demised, or the Buildings thereupon require, or shall be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or other new Buildings eroded upon such Land or Ground; but no Rule is laid down for Cases where upon the Ground to be demised there is some substantial Building not required or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and either some other Building required or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, or some new 4. Building is proposed to be erected thereon; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where upon the Ground to be demised there is' some substantial Building not required or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and either some other Building thereon requiring or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, or some new Building is intended or agreed to be erected thereon, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to direct what Rent shall be reserved and paid annually, and whether any and what Fine shall be taken upon tuch Denr.ife, Regard being had to the Value of the Buildings on the Ground to be demised not intended to be rebuilt, and the Proposition it bears to the Value of the whole Property intended to be demised.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, when they shall be of Opinion that the Solidity and Value of any old House or Houses to be demised not required or intended to be rebuilt, is such as to be sufficient Security for the due Payment of the whole Annual Sum deemed by them to be a reasonable Consideration for such Building or Buildings and Ground held therewith respectively, for the Term and Estate to be granted by and in the same, to direct that the Whole of such Consideration shall be reserved and taken in Rent only, without taking any Fine for the same-,

XXV, «Ao4

229

48° GEO. III. C. 73.

XXV*And whereas it Is necessary to veil a discretionary

Power in the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, to determine the Rent upon Leases of Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, in certain Cases not provided for by Law; be it therefore enacted, That for and in respect of any Lease or Grant under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Exchequer, of any Houses or other Buildings which shall be certified by Surveyors not to require rebuilding, and which shall be of greater yearly Value than the Ground on which they are built, but which a Lessee may desire to pull down in order to erect other Houses or Buildings of greater Value for his own Accommodation or Advantage, of Houses or other Buildings which may have been damaged or destroyed by Fire, or Ground on which inch Buildings lave been erected, and also of Houses or other Buildings which shall be only in part rebuilt, or to which new Buildings mall be added, and also of Ground to be granted as Gardens, Yards, 6r Curtilages to Houses already erected or to be erected, whether on Ground belonging to His Majesty, or to any other Proprietor, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury at their Discretion, to admit of the Consideration being paid, either in Rent only or in Rent and Fine $ provided always, that where a Fine shall be taken it shall not exceed the Proposition of One Third Part of the net annual Value of the Premises, in respect of which the same shall be paid, nor be computed at a higher Rate than the highest legal Interest.

XXVI*And whereas the most usual Mode of Reservation in

Leases of Mines, Colheries, Quarries, and other Mineral and FoilQ 4 Sub fiances, and that which is bed adapted to this Kind of Pro- perty, is a certain Share of the Ore or other Produce in Kind, or 4 a Rent or Duty in Money payable on the Quantity raised; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful in Leases under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Exchequer, of Mines, Colheries, Quarries, and other Mineral and Fossil Substances belonging to His Majesty, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, instead of any other annual Rent, to receive such Share of the Produce in Kind, or such Rent or Duty upon the Quantity or Value of such Produce, as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper.

XXVII*And whereas His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Owner of the Soil of the Great Forejfi of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock, and of the Mines, Minerals, and other Substances within and under the same, and is also entitled to the Herbage thereof, subjc£l to the Depasturage of Cattle of Occupiers of certain Lands within and adjacent to the said Forest, at annual, fixed, and customary Payments: And whereas by reason of such Depasturage of Cattle, and the Nature and Extent of the said Forest, and of the Soil, the Rights and Interests of His Majesty therein cannot be made productive in their present State, and it is therefore expedient that Power should be given to dispose of the same; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to contrail and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of the Soil, Mines, or other Minerals, of other Substances or Herbage,

Qi or

DtTcrctiontfj Power In Treasury to afeeruun Consideration either in Rent only, or partly in (lent and partly in Fine, in certain Cases.

In Lease of Mines, &c, Treasury may reserve aa Rent a Part of tire Produce, ora Duty upon tha Value thereof,

Rights and IntereiU of tlia ('town in tire Forest of Breckn k may

*3°

be sold by Surveyor General with Approbation of the Treasury, under the Regulation of this Act as to Sale of Crown

C-73*

48° GEO. III.

of Duchy, and Surveyor General with Content of the Treasury, empowered to esenam'e Lands of the Crown for Lands of Individuals.

or any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the said Forest or any Part thereof or in any Manned appertaining thereto or existing within the same, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, at or for the bell Prices or Con side rations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England to the same Account, and shall be in vested in the Purchase of Stock of the same Denominations, and the Stock so purchased, and the Interest and yearly Dividend arif« ing therefrom, shall be applied in the same Manner, and subject to the same Regulations as are herein-before prescribed with respect to the Purchase Monies anting from the Sales of Crown Lands herein* before authorised; and such Sales of any such Rights and Interesta in the said Forest shall be made in the same Manner and under the lame Regulations, and the Certificates and Receipts to be given shall be in the same Form mutatis mutandis as are herein-before directed with respect to the Sales of Crown Lands; and from and immediately after the Enrolment of the said Certificate and Receipt in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue; and thenceforth for ever the respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Scifin and Possession of me Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by Him or under Him or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, or to the said Surveyor General, that it would be for the Advantage of the Land Revenue of the Crown tq exchange any Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for any other Parcel or Parcels of Land of equal or nearly equal Value, belonging to any other Person or Persons, Bodies rolitick or Corporate, and such other Person or Persons or Bodies shall consent to such Exchange, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the said Duchy and the said Surveyor General to cause the Value as well of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land proposed to be exchanged for such Land of His Majesty, to be ascertained by some able and practical Surveyor of Land, who shall annex to his Survey, Estimate, or Valuation thereof, when cora-dleted, an Oath Tor being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively hereby authorised to administer an Oath or Affirmation in that Behalf the Tenor whereof shall be as follows; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] That ? A the Survey or Account hereto annexed* was faithfully and impartially

A.D. 18q8.

231

48° GEO. III. C. 73.

partially made by me; that the Value of the Property of the Crown*

and of C. JD. therein contained, is justly estimated therein* frccordjog to the best of my Skill and Judgment; and that all the Par-< ticulars Rated in the said Survey or Account are true to the belt of

my Knowledge and Belief.9

Which Oath and Affirmation so' taken and subscribed, shall be filed with the Survey and Estimate in the Office of the said Surveyor General, or of the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy, and the said Surveyor General shall report to xhe Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Surveyor General of the said Duchy shall report to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy the Grounds of his Recommendation of the proposed Exchange* together with the said Valuation of the respective Parcels of Lana; and if the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasuryi or the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, shall, upon due Consideration had, approve of such Exchange taking place, they shall authorize the said Surveyor General, dr the proper Officers of the said Duchy, to carry the same into effect, upon such

Terms and Conditions as they shall think fit, provided the same shall be afiented to by the Person or Persons, or body with whom such Exchange is proposed to be made; and the said Chancellor and Council, and the said Surveyor General shall thereupon cause the said Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, to be conveyed to the said Person or Persons, or Bodies respectively.with whom the said Exchange is proposed to be made, and such Person or Persons, or Body, shall at the same Time convey to the said Chancellor or Council* or to the said Surveyor General, in Trust for and on the Behalf of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown, or in Right of His Duchy, the said Parcel or Parcels of Land so agreed to be given in Exchange for such Parcel or Parcels of Crown Land as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Completion of such Exchange, the said Parcels of Land so belonging to His Majesty, and given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall vest in the Person or Persons, or Body, to whom the same is conveyed, for the same Estate or Interest, and as fully and effectually as the said Parcels of Land so given in Exchange did before such Exchange; and the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, shall vest in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown, or in Right of His Duchy, as fully and effectuaBy, and be subject to the same Application as the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to such Person or Persons, or Body, was vested in him before such Exchange.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Treasury, &c. be lawhd for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chan- W*

cello? of the said Duchy, if they shall think fit, to direct the Payment

or Acceptance on Behalf of His Majesty of such Sum of Money, for Exchange, equalizing any such Exchange, as shall be agreed upon between the said Chancellor and Council, or the said Surveyor General and the said Person or Persons $r Bodies with whom such Exchange is proposed to be made, and wheke any such Money is to be paid to any such Person or Persons or Body for such Purpose, such Money shall be paid Application of out of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or out of the Revenues of Money received, the said Duchy; and where any Money shall be paid to His Majesty

A.D. 1808.

23z C. 73. 48° GEO. III.

St G. 3. c. 60. 49 G. 3. c. 116.

Form of Conveyances of Lands exchanged.

fsom the Crown.

for equalizing such Exchange, the same, if it shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be vested in the Three Pound3 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, and the Dividends thereof shall be applicable as Land Revenue; and if it shall not amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, the same shall be appropriated as Land Revenue under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; or in case of the Money being paid to His Majesty iu Right of His said Duchy the same shall be placed in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-second Years of His prc-sent Majesty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, or to the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to alt for and on Behalf of His Majesty, as well in making as accepting the Conveyances of Parcels of Land so intended to be exchanged as aforesaid; and the Conveyance of the Land within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, so proposed to be given in Exchange by His laid Majesty, may be in the following Form, or as near thereto as may be $ (that is to say), 'T'HESE are to witness, That in consideration of the Conveyance of certain Lands [defcrthing the m] to His said Majesty, in Right of His Crown, from C. D.

[and also in consideration of the Sum of paid by the said C, Z>.

for Equality of Exchange to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown] the said Surveyor General for and on Behalf of His Majesty, doth by these Pretents grant, bargain, and fell unto the said C.D. his Heirs and Assigns, Ail [describe the Parcels of Land, Ctfr. fold] To have and to hold the said [Pareels, &c.] hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said C.D. his Heirs and Assigns, for ever. In Witness whereof the same Surveyor General hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 Witness to the Execution by the said Surveyor General

And the Conveyance to His Majesty of such Lands as are proposed to be taken in Exchange for such Crown Lands, may be in the following Form, or as near thereto as may be (that is to say),

Conveyance by the Person with whom the Exchange is proposed to be made:

Hmn of 1 'J'HESE ai? to witness. That C. Df of in the

Conveyance County of in consideration of the

fcott the Party.«Conveyance to him the said C.D. from the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, for and on behalf of His Majesty, of a certain Parcel of Land [, defcrthing //] and also of the Sum of paid to him by the said Surveyor

4 General on Behalf of His said Majesty, for Equality of Exchange 4 [if the Case be so] Doth by these rrefents grant, bargaiu, and fell unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all that Parcel of Land 4 [describing it] To have and to hold the same to His said Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Crown. In Witness

whereof

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 73> 74-

933

(whereof the said C. D* hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Witoefs to the Execution of the said C.D. '

And such instruments respectively shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §31."

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the better Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established for securing the Duties payable on Malt made in Great Britain have been found insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore become necessary to make further Regulations

for the better Collection of the said Duties; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Maltster and Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt in Great Britain, shall within Ten Days after the Fifth of Day of July in each Year, give or deliver to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey Such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt shall then be, a true and particular Account in, Writing of all Barley not at the Time of such Delivery made into Malt, or in actual Operation for being made into Malt, which any such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or which shall then be in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in trust for such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or for his, her, or their Use; and all agd every such Maltster and Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall in every such Account set forth and describe every particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place in which any such Barley shall be lodged, stored, or deposited, and the Number of Bushels of such Barley contained in each such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place; and shall, if required by such Officer so to do, shew to such Officer every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place, and all such Barley as aforesaid therein; and if any Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall neglect or refuse to give or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or shall give or deliver to any such Officer a false or untrue Account as or for such true and particular Account as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse so to shew to any such Officer as aforesaid any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place, or any such Barley as aforesaid therein, the Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have finished or dried off all the Malt which shall be or shall have been in Operation in any particular Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall by the Space of Twenty-four Hours at the least before he, she, or thej

Maltster (halt annually after Sth July deliver ts Officer an Account of his Stock of Barley.

Penalty 100L

Maltster shaft deliver a like Account l»cft>rp he begins to work

Penalty jOi.

*34

C-74-

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Except Barley v* thjeshed. See §4<

Barley declared

as in Stock ftuill lie entered in a Book to t>c kept l>v Maltsters. Penalty 50L

Kntrir^ shall be made by MnUfler in such Book oTall Barley received;

shall begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain f6r the Purpose of making the same into Malt, give, or deliver to the proper Officer of Excite, under whose Survey such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall then be, a true and particular Account in Writing of all the Bariey which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at the Time of such Delivery have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or which shall then be in the* Custody or Possession of any Person Or Persons whatsoever, in trust for such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or for his, her, or their Use; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall in every such Account let forth and describe every particular Warehousei Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place in which any such Barley shall be lodged, stored, or depofifed, and the Number of Bushels of such Barley contained in each such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to give or deliver such Account, or shall give or deliver to such Officer as and for such true and particular Account as last aforesaid a false or untrue Account, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any barley while the same shall remain in the Straw unthreshed, provided that the Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall be possessed thereof, shall enter in such Book as is herein after mentioned the Grain arising from the threfiling, and which shall be carried or removed from or out of the Barn or Place in which the same shall be threshed or separated from the Straw (except to the House, Place, or Premises of some Person to whom the same shall be sold or disposed of) as Bariey brought in or received by such Maltster or Maker of Malt.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall keep a Book, to be delivered to him, her, or them, by the proper Officer of Excise, which Book shall be prepared with proper and distinct Columns for entering Accounts of all the Barley taken or received by or into the Custody or Possession of such Maltuer or Maker of Malt; and all and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall enter or cause to be entered in such Book the total or aggregate Quantity of Barley contained in the particular Accounts directed or required by this Act to be given or delivered to the proper Officer of Excise, on the Day on which any such Account shall be respectively so given or delivered to such Officer, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal to enter any such Account of any such Barley as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall on the same Day on which he, she, or they shall take or receive any Barley into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, write and enter, or cause to be written and entered, in such Book as aforesaid, and in the proper Columns prepared for such Purposes respectively, a true and particular Account of the Number of Bushels of Barley which he, she, or they shall take or receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or which shall be taken or received into the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons in trust or for the Use of such Maltster or Maxer of Malt, and shall also write and enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, the Christian and Surnames, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons

235

48° GEO. III. C. 74.

of whom such Barley was purchased, or from whom such Barley wa* received \ and shall also write and enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid* an Account of the Quantity of Barley in Bnihela which shall at any Time be wetted or put into Steep for the Purpose of making the lame into Malt, and shall also write and enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, against and opposite to every such Quantity so wetted or put into Steep, the particular Day and Hour of the Day on and at which such Bhrley was so* wetted or put into Steep; and all and every Maltster or Maker of Malt who may have Occassion or be desirous to fell, remove, or otherwise dispose of any Barley/ or Skreenings of Barley, not to be by himself, herself, or themlelvea made into Malt, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby directed and required to write, and on the same Day in which the same shall be sold, consumed, sent out, delivered or otherwise disposed of, enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, a true and particular Account of th6 Number of Bushels of all Barley, or Skreenings of Barley, fold/ consumed, sent out, delivered, or otherwise disposed of by. him, her, or them, in any Quantity exceeding One Bushel, and the Name and Place of Residence of the Person or Persons to whom any such Barley or Skreenings of Barley, was fold, sent, or delivered; and shall every Day write and enter, or cause to be written and entered, as aforesaid, an Account of the gross Quantity of Barley which shall be so fold, sent out, delivered, or disposed of in the preceding Day, in Quantities not exceeding One Bushel, not for the Purpose of being by himself, herself, or themselves, made into Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to make, or cause to be made, any such Entry or Entries as aforesaid, all and every such Maltster and Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be subject or liable to the said last mentioned Penalty for or by reason of his, ' her, or their not writing or entering the Ghriftian or Surname, or Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom any Barley was purchased in the Straw unthreshed, or from whom any such Barley in the Straw unthreftied was received.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Book or Books shall at all Times be produced to and left Open to the free Inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall be permitted to examine and cast up, and make Copies or Extracts from the Entries contained therein, and to insert the Time of such Inspection or Examination, and sign his or their Name or Names thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall lodge, store, or deposit any Barley or Malt in different Warphouses, Storehouses, Lofts, Rooms, Granaries, or other Places, and which shall not be under the same Roof, or shall be separated from each other by the Intervention of any Land, Premises, Buildings, or otherwise howsoever, the Stocks of such Barley or Malt shall or may, if the Supervisor under whose Survey such Stock or Stocks shall be, shall deem it expedient, be deemed and taken to be separated and distinA Stocks; and the same shall and may be surveyed and kept Account of by the Officer or Officers of Excise accordingly, in the same Manner as if the same belonged to different Persons.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be

thereunto

and Of, all Barley steeped.

and of all Bailey fold or removed. &c.

Penalty for neglea 10OL

Exception as to

vmtluelhed

Barley.

Officers may Uiipcct Books.

Barley or Malt.

lodged in

different

Premises may be kept by O dicers as diiim<ft Stocks.

Barley shall be laid even, to enable Officer

to gauge the £mew

c. 74*'

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Excess (above five per Cent.) on rafting up and balancing Stock shall be considered as not entered.

Penalty for not laying Barley even, 100L

Pefieiency of Barley upon balancing Stock, shall be charged with Doty, as hlpk.

thereunto required by any Officer or Officers of Excise, call or place, or cause to be call or placed, all the Barley in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, not in an actual State of Operation for being made into Malt, in or into such regular Form as may enable the Officer Or Officers of Excise conveniently to gauge and ascertain the true Quantity thereof 5 and if the Quantity of Barley not in actual Operation for making into Malt shall be round to exceed the Quantity which any such Maltster or Maker of Malt ought to have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, according to the true Balance or Result drawn from casting up and adjufUng such Book as aforesaid, and the Entries therein, in the Proposition of One Buftiel in every Twenty Bushels of Barley, then and in every such Case every such Maltster - or Maker of Malt shall be deemed and adjudged to have received Barley into his Custody or Possession, and to have neglected or refused tp make, or cause to be made, such Entry in the said Book, as i$ by this Act in.that Behalf directed and required: And if any jMaltfter or Maker of Malt, having been thereunto required as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to calx or place, or cause to be ca(t or placed, all or any such Barley as aforesaid in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, in or into such regular Form as aforesaid, the Maltster of Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise, upon gauging and taking such Account as aforesaid of the Quantity of Barley not in actual Operation for making into Malt, in the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall find the Quantity short of or less than the Quantity which any such Malt* Her or Maker of Malt ought to have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, according to the true Balance or Result drawn from casting up and adjusting such Book as aforesaid, and the Entries therein, in proposition of One Bushel in every Twenty Bushels of Barley of the Quantity of Barley received, then and in every such Case the Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be deemed and adjudged to have wetted and steeped Barley for the Purpose of making the same into Malt, and neglected or refused to make, or to cause to be made, such Entry in such Books, as is by this Act in that Behalf required; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall in every such Case, aver and above the Penalty by this Act imposed for the Neglect or Refuftil to make, or cause to be made, such Entry as aforesaid, be charged with and be liable to pay the Duty chargeable for every Bushel of Barley so found deficient as aforesaid; and such Duty shall and may be lued for, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such and the like Penalties as the Duty on Malt is or may be sued for, levied, and recovered by any Law or Laws in force relating to the Duties of Excise.

Book shall be

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of filled up before Malt shall, before the Officers taking any such Account of Barley as Officer's Account aforesaid, be required by the proper Officer of Excise, and be permit-is taken. ted tQ make <jue Entries in such Book as aforesaid, of all Barley, or

Skreenings of Barley, which he, she, or they may have received into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or have wetted or put into Steep, or have otherwise disposed of in the Course of the Day in which such Account is proposed or intended to be taken, or of the Day preceding $ and if any Dispute shall arise between any such Malt-

Act

48° GEO. III. C74. 137

fter or Maker of Malt and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, Maltster may respecting the true Quantity of Barley so taken Account of as afore- require Stock of laid, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have the Option of and ifhi

be allowed immediately and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, dispute* the to raeafure the same in the Presence of such Officer or Officers of Accuracy of Excise by a just and correct Winchester Bushel Measure of the Di- Officer'* Gauge, menliona prescribed by Law, to be provided by such Maltft.er or Maker of Malt; and the Quantity ascertained by such Admeasurement shall be taken to be the true Quantity of Barley in the Custody or Possession of such Malt fter or Maker of Malt, any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of All Barley shall Malt shall purchase or receive, or shall send out Barley by any Mea- he entered and sure other than the Winchester Bushel, every such Maltster or Maker

of Malt shall in every such Case enter, or cause to be entered, the Quantity in such Book as aforesaid, either according to the just and Bushel; any true Number of Winchester Bushels which such Barley will fairly mea- other Measure fare, or shall specify in such Book against each Quantity of Barley J* shall be entered therein, the ex ad Measure in which he, she, or they shall de£ari*d. enter, or cause the same to be entered; that is to'say, whether the Quantity is in Bushels of Eight Galions, Eight Gallons and a Quarter, Eight Gallons and a Half, Eight Gallons and Three-quarters, or Nine Galions, or any and what other Measure; and in every such Case the proper Officer of Excise, on calling up, adjusting, and balancing the Stock, shall reduce the whole Quantity to Winchester Bushels, any Thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Justices mty any Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Information shall fumraon

be exhibited or laid against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, for any Offence against the Laws of Excise respecting the Duties on Malt, to ^ve cnc* summon any Farmer, Maltster, or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Person, and to examine such Person so summoned as aforesaid, upon oath, touching the Safe or Delivery, or the Purchase or Receipt of any Barley fold, sent out, delivered, or received by any such Farmer, Maltster, Dealer, or other Person as aforesaid, save and except as to the Price or Value of any such Barley or Malt; and if any p*nsjtVon Farmer, Maltster, or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Witne'fs not Person, shall neglect or refuse to obey such Summons, or shall neglecttteuding, &c. or refuse to give Evidence when thereunto required, every such Malt- 2o1* fter or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Person, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Prosecutions In cases of Pcfi-or Informations under this Act for the Recovery of any Duty, Fine, ciency or Excess, or Penalty, for or on Account of any Deficiency or Excess in the Quan- E^nce may b« tity or Stock of Barley in the Custody or Possessioti of any Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, it shall and may be lawful to Fraud.*and for the Defendant or Defendants to produce any Witness or Witnesses competent to prove that the Deficiency was actually and bond Jide caused or occasioned by Barley having been stolen or privately conveyed away without the Knowledge, Privity, or Consent of such Defendant or Defendants, or that fu$h Deficiency or Excess respectively*

was

A.D. 1808.

*3f»

Penalty for vrettingCorn within Twelve Days alter being taken from die Ciftcru, 3001.

Penalty on Workmen wetting Com within fuclt Twelve Days, 50l. or Twelve Mouths* Imprisonment,

C. 7* 4*p Geo. nr.

was caused or occasioned by accidental or unintentional Error or Mistake in entering and keeping the Account of Barley by this Act required, without any Design, intention or View of Fraud or Eva-fion whatsoever; and in case the Justices of the Peace, or the Court and Jury before whom any such Information shall be heard and tried, shall be Satisfied by the Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Deficiency or Excess respectively was actually and bond side caused or occasioned by any or either of the Causes or Circumstances before mentioned, without any Design or Intention of Fraud or Evasion on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace or the Court and Jury before whom any such Information shall be heard and tried, to acquit the Defendant or Defendants, any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall wet, water, or sprinkle, or cause or suffer to be wetted, watered, or sprinkled, any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation after the same shall nave been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for fteepingj such Corn or Grain, for and until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person, employed by or in the Service of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall wet, water, or sprinkle any Coni or Grain making into Malt in any State or Stage of Operation whatever, after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Com or Gram, until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of any such Cistern, Uting Fat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Coro or Grain as aforesaid, every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person as aforesaid so offending, shall and may be apprehended by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and taken before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person shall be found; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, on the Party's Confession of any such Offence, or on Proof thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, tb convict in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person as aforesaid, so proved to have -been guilty of any such Offence; and every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such Conviction, pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and if any such Workman* Servant, Labourer, or other Person so convicted, shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit the Party fix. convicted as aforesaid to the House of Correction for the said County,

Riding,

A.D. 1808.

4I0 GEO. III. C. 74, 339

Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively, there to remain to he, kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, to t be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction; and the Person so convicted shall not be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said

Penalty, or until the Expiration of the Time lor which such Commit* ment was made.

XV. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Appeal lies,

in certain Cases, relating to or concerning the making of Malt, or the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the same, from any Judgment, Order, or Determination, or any Conviction of Justices of the Peace, to the Justices assembled at the

4 Quarter Sessions of the Peace; for obviating which Doubts/ be it

declared and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Appetl given

Perfoti8 who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by di« Quarter

any Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in any Case relating to or concerning the making reVaxin^ u^IVTnlt

of Malt, or any of the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or* For- or MdtJXuk*.

feiture relating to the same, to appeal from such Judgment, Order,

Determination, or Conviction, to the Justices assembled at the next

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County,

Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place in which such Judgment shall have been given, or Order, Determination, or Conviction made 3 which said Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them so aifem-bled, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine of and con* ceming the Truth of the Facts and Merits of the Case in quedion between the Parties, to such Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction respectively 5 and if at such Quarter Sessions any Defect Sefl»ofi» m*v or Defects of Form mall be found in such Proceedings before the Justice or Justices who gave such original Judgment, Order, Deter-orm# mination, or Conviction, then and in every such Case such Defect or Defers of Form shall or may be rectified and amended by the Order or Orders of such Justices or the major Part of them to af* flembled at such Quarter Sessions, any Thing herein or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and no Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to set aside any No Certwrari. Determination or Order of the said Justices of the Peace or the major Part of them so assembled at such Quarter Sessions: Provided Sessions shall always, that upon every such Appeal the said Justices so assembled «-h*sr die at such Quarter Sessions shall and do proceed to re-hear, re-examine, and re-consider the Truth of the Facts and the Merits of the Case in quedion between the Parties to such original Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction, and to re-examine thereto upon Oath the same Witnesses or any of them, and no other, who shall have been before examined upon Oath as Witnesses before the Justice or Justices of the Peace at the original hearing, on which the Judgment, Order, Determination, or Conviction so appealed from, was given or made.

XVI. And whereas some of the Penalties imposed by an Act, 13 #\nn. A. 1.

passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen c. 2.

Anne, among other Things, for granting to Her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and another Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to His 46 G. 3. c. 2.

Majesty certain Duties on MAt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Pensions and Offices in England 3 and for repealing so much

A.D. 1808.

' Penalty for not

making Monthly Entry; lOOl. \instead of \qL wider §4 of 12 Ann.]

Penalty for concealing Malt, 2001.

[wjtcad nf l os. per Buflid under of 12 Ann.]

Penalty for erecting Cittern* &c. without Notice, 20ol.

[itijiead of 50 /. under §36 of 12 Awl]

Penalty for forcing together in il»* Cistern, &c. Corn making into Malt, 1001#

Increase of Quantity conclusive Evidence of EraudU

C. 74.' 48° GEO. III.

much of certain Alts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One

Shilling respectively on Offices and Penjiorts; and for regranting the said

Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respeSLivciy, and the fond other

Duties for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight,

have been found infumcient, and it is expedient that they should be

increased Be it therefore enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall monthly and every Month make a true Entry at the next Office of Excise, of all the Malt by him, her, or them made in such Month respectively, on pain of forfeiting every Neglect to make any such Entiy the Sum of One hundred Pounds in lieu and in-Head of the Sum of Ten Pounds mentioned in the said Act passed in the said Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey any Malt, or any Corn or Grain making into Malt, from the Sight or view of the Gauger or Gaugers, or Officer or Officers of Excise appointed to take an Account of the same, or under whose Survey such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall then be, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Ten Shillings per 'Bushel imposed by the fayl Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall ered or set up, alter or enlarge or make use of any Ciftera, Uting Fat, Utensil or other Vessel for the wetting or steeping any Barley, or other Corn or Grain for the making of Malt, or of any Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place for the making or keeping of Malt, or keeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, without first giving Notice thereof in Writing at the next Office of Excise, on pain to forfeit for every such Cittern, Uting Fat, Utensil or other Vessel, Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place so erected, set up, altered, enlarged, or made use of without such Notice as aforesaid, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Fifty Pounds mentioned in the said Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, any Corn or Grain steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, instead of thei Sum of Five Shillings for every Buftiel of Corn or Grain steeping or steeped, that shall be so trodden, rammed, or otherwise forced together, mentioned in the said Act of the present Session of Parliament; and if any Corn or Grain in any Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, is or shall be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the same had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof, every Maltster or Maker of Malt, where the same shall be so found, shall in every such Case forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if on any Supervisor or other Officer of Excise in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons employed by any such Supervisor or Officer for that Purpose, in the Presence of such

Maltitci

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 74, 241

Maltster or Maker of Malt, or his, her, or their Servant (if such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Servant, shall think fit to be predent at such Operation) throwing or removing the Corn or Grain from or out of any Couch which such Supervisor or Officer shall suspect to have been trodden, rammed, or otherwise forced together, and returning or throwing such Corn or Grain back again into the Couch, and laying the same level in such Couch, any Increase shall be found exceeding the

Rate of One Bushel in every Twenty Bushels over and above the Quantity which the said Corn or Gram appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in the Couch before the said Corn or Grain was thrown out as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, Proof being made of such Increase as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed conclusive Evidence that such Maltster or Maker of Malt did tread, ram, or otherwise force together the said Cora or Grain in the Couch, or that the same was To hard, close, and compast, as it could not be unless the same had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the riling and swelling thereof, and shall subject the Maltster or Maker of Malt to the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Penalty on Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit fraudulently or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other re?nOT1I£?f wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of jrf'cJJJn mak!* Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain into Malt, 200!. so conveyed away with and amongst any Couch or Couches, Floor or [m/leadof \ooL Floors of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are or shall* 48 3-

be then depending and in Operation, and which has or have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch; or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Cora or Grain so conveyed away can be taken in the Couch by the Officer, then and in each of the said Cases every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, instead and in lieu of the Sum of One hundred Pounds mentioned in the said Asti passed in this Session of Parliament.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Penalties Incretfed of One hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, Two hundred Penalties (under Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Two hundred Pounds, respect l8*

tively by this A A iraposed in lieu and instead of the said lesser Pe- 19> nalties respectively, herein-before mentioned, shall be and the said several Penalties of One hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Two hundred Pounds, respectively are hereby made perpetual; any Thing in the said Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or in the said Act of this Session of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction by or Form of before any Justices of the Peace for any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Conviction. Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise on Malt imposed, may be made in the Form following j to wit,

48 Geo III. R «BE

k*13« 1808.

4*'C. 74* 4ft* GEO. III.

4 DE it remembered. That on the Day of

X) in the Year of our Lord

*4 A.B. was, on the Complaint of C.D. he the said C. D then and there being an Officer of Excise, convicted before us, Two of the Justices of the Peace for the County of [or9

for the Riding or Division of the County of

or for the City, Liberty, District, or Town of

4 as the Case shall happen to be-] in the Penalty of

in pursuance of an Act made in the

4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for

4 [as the Case may Given under our Hands and Seals the Day

and Year first above written.*

Mai tilers shall dear Duties every Fortnight s except when Security is given for clearing every Four Months.

Penalty on

obstructing

Officers, 1001.

XXIII.*And whereas the Duties on Malt have been greatly

evacted, and the Revenue considerably diminished, by indigent and ' obscure Persons who have become Makers of Malt, having fold off ' their Effects andabfeonded before the Duties charged on such Persons respectively for or in respect of the Malt by them made, have

become payablefor Remedy whereof be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt for Sale, shall within the Space of Fourteen Days next after he, she, or they shall or ought to have made such Entry as is required and directed in and by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Annef pay and clear off all the Duties which shall have been charged upon, and which shall remain unpaid from and by such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, for or in respect of any Malt, by him, her, or them made $ unless such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt shall have given Security, approved of by the Commissionera of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, by Bond in Double the Value of the Duties, which such Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge likely to arise, be charged on and become due from such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, within any Five Months, for the due Payment at the End of evexy Four Months from and after the Day on which such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt shall or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise or he charged on and become due from such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt; and if any Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, who shall not have given such Security as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay and clear off at the End or Expiration of such Fourteen Days all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise, be charged on, or become due as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maltsters or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall for every such Offence forfeit Double the Sum of the Duty or Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected or refused $ any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall a (Fault, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them by this Act given or granted, the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXV. A&4

*43

48° GEO. III. C. 74, 75.

XXV. And be it farther enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rales, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which, in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in capite9 and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Act now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties dr Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for such dead Human Bodies as may be end on Shore from the Sea, in Cases of Wreck or otherwise.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS no Provision hath yet been made by the Laws now in force for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards ' or Parochial Burying Grounds, for such dead Human Bodies as may be cast on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, in that Part

of the United Kingdom called England: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the decent Interment of such

Bodies; '*May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the respective Parishes throughout England, in which any dead Human Body or dead Human Bodies mall be found thrown in or cast on Shore from the Sea, by Wreck or otherwise, shall and lie and they is and are hereby required,

R 2 upon

Recovery and Application oi Penalties.

Power of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. See. relating to Excise, extended to the Act.

126.

Commencement' of Act s July 1808.

Churchwarden*, &c. of the Plaee where any dead Body shall be cast on Shove shall cause the iaineto be removed and' interred.

v

a a

A.D. 1808.

?44

Minister of the ParUhlhall perform the Funeral Service, &c.

Bernard of 5i.

to Persons civinj Notice to nrish Officer# of

Bodies cast on Shore.

Penalty of 5l. on Persons finding dead Bodies and not giving Notice.

C. jj. 48° GEO. III.

upon Notice to him or them given that any such Body or Bodies are thrown 111 or cast on Shore by the Sea, and is or are lying within the Bounds of the Parish for which he or they shall be Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer r Overseers of the Poor, to cause the same to be forthwith removed to some convenient Place, and with all convenient Speed to cause such Body or Bodies to be decently interred in the Church-yard or Burial Ground of such Parish, so that the Expences attending on such Burial do not exceed the Sum which at that Time is allowed in such Parish for the Burial of any Person or Persons buried at the Expence of such Parish: Provided always, that in case any such Body or Bodies shall be thrown in or cast on Shore from the Sea in any Extra-parochial Place where there is no Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, then and in every such Case the Constable or Headborough of such Place shall, on Notice being given to him that such Body or Bodies is or are lying in such Extra-parochial Place, forthwith cause such Body or Bodies to be removed to some convenient Place, and with all convenient Speed cause the same to be buried in such and the like Manner as the Churchwardens and Overseers within En+* land are hereby required to bury such Body or Bodies.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Minister, Parish Clerk, and Sexton of such respective Parishes shall perform their several and respective Duties in such and the like Manner as is customary in other Funerals, and shall admit of such Body or Bodies being interred in such Church-yards or Burial Grounds without any improper Loss of Time, receiving for the same, by way of Compensation, such and the like Sums as m Cases of Burials made at the Expence of such Parishes.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall find any such Body or Bodies cast on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, and shall within Six Hours thereafter give Notice thereof to some one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for the Time being in which such Body or Bodies shall be found, or to the Constable or Headborough for the Time being, in case such Body or Bodies shall be found in any Extra-parochial Place, or cause such Notice to be left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons shall receive the Sum of Five Shillings for his, her, or their Trouble, such Sum to be forthwith paid to the Person or Persons first giving such Notice only; but nevertheless that no greater Sum than Five Shillings shall be paid for any One Notice, altnough there may be a greater Number of such Bodies than One.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall find any such Body or Bodies cast on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, and shall not within Six Hours thereafter give Notice to some one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for the Time being in which such Body or Bodies shall be found, or to the Constable or Headborough for the Time being, in case such Body or Bodies shall be found in any Extra-parochial Place, or cause such Notice to be left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, then and in every Case such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 75. 245

V. And be it further enacted, That all necessary and proper Exp<nc«(hJl

Payments, Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be made or in- P81*1^ ty curred in or about the Execution of this Act, shall be made and paid by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, .*

Constable or Headborough for the Time being of such respective

Parishes and Places as aforesaid.

VI. And, for the Purpose of reimbursing him or them all such Churchwarden*,

Payments, Costs; Charges, and Expences/ be it further enacted, g^. shall be That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the reimbursed by Peace for the County or Place within that Part of the United King- Treasurer of the dom called England, in which any such Body or Bodies shall have been °n

so removed and buried as aforesaid, by any Writing under his Hand, to order and direct the Treasurer for such County to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to such Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers, Constable or Headborough, for his or their Costs and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act (after the same shall have been duly verified on Oath) as to the said Justice shall seem reasonable and necessary; and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorised and required forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Penalty on

Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, Constable or Offirm

Headborough, shall refuse or neglect to remove or cause to be re- nc^, t', ct'npto moved such Body or Bodies from the Sea Shore to some convenient*

Place prior to the Interment thereof, for the Space of Twelve Hours' after such Notice given to him or them, or left in Writing at his or,

their last or usual Place or Places of Abode by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall neglect or refuse to perform the several other Duties required of him and them by this Act, then and if).every such Case every such Churchwarden or Overseer, Constable or Headborough, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recovery and which shall be incurred under this Act, if not paid on Conviction, Application of shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Penaltic8* Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand

and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant on the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath) and the Surplus of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned on Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful tq and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, uqlefs such Penal-

R 3 ties

*46 C. 75. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

ties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satished.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act or against any Order of Sessions, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following) (that is to say, )

Form of*BE it remembered, That on this Day of

ConriAion.«X) in the Year of the Reign of

4 A.B. is convicted before One of His

MajestyY Justices of the Peace for the*of having £ai

the Offence shall be-\ and I the said do adjudge him

for them] to forfeit and pay for the same the Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid/

Appeal to die X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Quarter Seflkms. person8 shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in

Surluance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the ustices of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons so appealed against, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may if they fee Cause mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Proceedings shall

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be jot made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the want Form, jjftpgfg itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrained be deemed a Treipasser or Trespasser ah initio, on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full 6atisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case. Penalties,*e.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Penal-shall be ptid by ties and Expences attendant thereon, which shall be incurred under ^ti^r^nd108 P*°vifi°n8 the Act, shall be paid and borne by the Person ot by the Farifk. 4

L___L

48° GEO. III. C«7jf 7^, 77.

or Persons incurring the same, and that the PariAi or Place wherein such Person or Persons ought to have acted in the Duties prescribed by this Act shall be wholly exempted therefrom.

XIII. Whereas in Cases of dead Wrecks, wherein no living Person is found, or Owner known, the Lords of Manors on which any such dead Body or dead Bodies may be waftted in, and who are entitled to Wreck there, have usually paid a small Fee for the placing such Body or Bodies in the Ground in the State in which the same have been found, and such Payments have been adduced and admitted as Proof on Trials at Common Law of the Right of such

Lords of Manors to Wrecks in such Manors be it therefore enacted, That in all and every such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Lord or Lords of any Manpf or Manors throughout England to pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, Constable or Headborough of such respective Parities and Places as aforesaid, such and the like Sums as he or they was or were heretofore accustomed to pay for the placing any such Body or Bodies into the Ground as aforesaid; such Sums to go in part Payment and Discharge of the Coils and Expences to be incurred in or about the Execution of this Act, and Credit to be given for the same by such Overseers, Churchwardens, Constable or Headborough, in their Accounts with the County to which such Accounts shall he submitted $ any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And, for defraying the Expences of the Removal and Burial of such Body or Bodies as aforesaid, and all other Expences,

' necessary for the Execution of this Act, 9 be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions may cause such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, to be raised in the same Manner as Rates are di* reded to be raised by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georg§ the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assesstng, colleSingt and levying of County Rates*

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for raffing the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[18th June 1808.]

" Every Contributor of 100l. shall be entitled to a Principal of 'f' 118/. 3/. fid* in the Four per Cents.$ from 5 April 1808. §1. — " Duties under 46 G. 3. c. 65. shall not be charged on First Half-" Year Dividends. $ 8. — Treasury may remit to Ireland 2, 500, 000l. " $20. — -To be provided for in Ireland. §12. — Forging Receipts " for Contributions, Felony without Clergy. §24. — Bank of England " shall continue a Corporation till Annuities under this Act shall cease. §25."

547

Lords of Msnon, See. shall pay the same Fee as heretofore oo interring d«fd Bodies, &e»

Expences of Interment shall be raised as County Rates under

12 Geo. 2. c. 29.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to veil the Right of Appointment of Mailer of the Free School of Londonderry in the City and County of Londonderry, in the Bishop of Derry for the Time being.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS

248

A«U 18081

His Majesty may grant to the Dishop of Deny the Right of appointing a Mafttr to the Free School of Deny.

Such Appointment Audi be subject to the Approbation of Lord Lieutenant.

The Duties following shall J>e paid* viz.

C. 77, 78*

48° GEO. III.

WHEREAS there 19 and has been for a Series of Years a

+School called a Free School in the City of Londonderry in the County of Derry, and the Right of nominating and appointing a Master to the said Free School has been heretofore exercised by His Majesty and His Predecessors: And whereas His Majesty, on the humble Application of the Lord Bishop of Derry, has been graciously pleased to signify His Royal Will and Pleasure, that so far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned the said Right of nominating and appointing a Master to the said Free School should be

absolutely vested in the Lord Bishop of Derry for the Time being; 4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pacing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland\ to grant unto the Lord Bishop of Derry for the Time being, and his Successors, the said Right of nominating and appointing a Mailer to the said Free School of Derry in the said City and County of Londonderry, freed and discharged from all Claim, Right and Title of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Appointment of a Master to the said Free School by the Lord Bishop of Derry for the Time being, or his Successors, shall be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, testified by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, and that all such Appointments as shall not receive such Approbation as aforesaid shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and in such. and the like Manner in all Respects as if the same had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland> and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

[23d June 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YT7Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ 4 in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved, to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly bcfeecn Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid, and Satisfied unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 78.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt ground or unground, which at any Time or Times from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether the same shall be or shall! not be for Sale, or for which any Malt (ter shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Ten Shillings BrUish Currency 5 and io propositionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereo respectively:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be made or diffcilled in Ireland, from Corn malted or unmalted, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Lav, the Sum of Four Shillings British Currency; and so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof:

And also for and upon every Six Gallons of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time or Times from and after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be made or di(tilled in Ireland, from Corn malted or unmalted, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, the further Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency; and so propositionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller of such Aqua Vitss, Strong Waters, or Spirits:

And also for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time or Times from and after the pafliiiy of this Act, shall be made or distilled in Ireland, from Sugar, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Elevenpence Halfpenny British Currency, and so in Proposition for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof:

All which said Duties on Spirits shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties granted on the same by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, except such^Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes, by the Acts by which the said Duties are or may be respectively granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

" Duty on Spirits in Disttiler's Stock, See. 10d. per Gallon addi-u tional, from the 10th of June 1808 5 and on any Increase between " that Day and 29th September 1808. — The like Duty on Home-made u Spirits in Retailer's Stock on 10th June 1808. — The like Duty " on Foreign Spirits in Stock, 10th June 1808. — Provided Re-" tailers, &c. have 30 Gallons in the whole. — Duty not to attach " on compounded Spirits. — Warehoused Spirits taken out for Home " Consumption after 10th of Juney 4/. 10 d. per Gallon in lieu w of former Duties. $ 2."

III.*And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect ? of the Duties by this Act imposed on Malt and Spirits made in Ireland,

*49

On Malt made after 29th Sept. 1808, 10a. per Barrel.

Corn-Spirits 4s. per Galion; from 29th Sept. loot*.

Further Duty on Com-Spirits l Os. for every Sue Gallons from 29ihSept. 1608.

Sugar Spirits 5*. 11 Jd. per Gallon after passing (he As.

In lieu of former Duties on Spirits* except under Local A£u.

A.D. 180S<

Coanterviiting Putin no British Beer and English Spirits imported into Ireland.

On Beer or Ale 7*. 8 Id. British, per Barrel, after 29th Sept«l 808*

English Com Spirits 5s. 8d. after 10th June 1808.

Englift Sugar Spirits 8s. 5d. after puffing the

a a.

Equivalent Drawbacks on Irish Beer and Spirits (not warehoused) exported to Great Britain and England.

Drawbacki on Exportation of Beer and Spirits (not warehoused) to Foreign Parts.

Boer 7s. «{d. par Barrel.

Corn Spirits 5s. 8d. per Gallon.

C. 78# 48° GEO. III.

' land, CountemuEog Duties shouldf.be charged upon Beer or Ale,

' made in Great Britain, and on Spirits made in England and respectivelyimported from thence into Ireland* Sufficient to countervail the said Duties on Malt and Spirits made in Ireland under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That there shall be charged on all such Beer, or Ale, and Spirits, the several Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon such Beer or Ale, or Spirits, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland* immediately before the passing of this Act; (that is to say, )

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale containing Thirty-two Galions, brewed or made in Great Britain and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Eight-pence One Farthing British Currency:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or di(tilled from Corn or Grain in England, and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the said Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Five Shillings and Eight* pence British Currency: And For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in England, and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the passing of this Act, the Sum of Eight Shillings and Five-pence Brittjfh Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation fropt Ireland to Great Britain of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Ireland and on the Exportation from Ireland to England of Spirits distilled in Ireland and for which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, and which Spirits shall not have been warehoused in Ireland* there shall respectively be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duties by this Act granted on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain and on Spirits distilled in England* and imported from thence respectively into Ireland; in lieu of all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect of such Beer or Ale or Spirits respectively exported from Ireland to Great Britain or England respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Beer or Ale or Malt made or Spirits distilled in Ireland\ and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, every Person who shall export to any other Place than Great Britain Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland, or Spirits distilled in Ireland* on which the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been respectively paid, an<} which Spirits shall not be so exported from Warehouse in Ireland shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale the Sum of Seven Shillings and Eight-pence One Farthing British Currency; and for every Gallon of Rich Spirits made or distilled from Com malted or unmalted, of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback of Five Shillings and Eight-pence British Currency, and so in Proposition for any greater Degree of Strength; and for every Gallon of iucK Spirits made or distilled from Sugar, of a Strength not exceeding Oue to Ten over Hy-

dromctc?

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO- III. C. 78.

drometer Proof, a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five-pence British Currency, and so in Proposition for any greater Degree of Strength; and that every Person who shall export, to any other Place than Great Britain, Malt made in Ireland, on which the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been paid, shall be entitled unto and shall receive for every Barrel thereof the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency; which Drawbacks shall be paid by the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District from which such Malt or Beer or Ale or Spirits shall be exported* out of any Money hi his Hands, on such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller, or oth*r Chief Of* ficer of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, as is required by an Act made in the Forty-Xeventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to vrant to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties j>n the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation. of certain Goods. Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, in cufe of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in relped of any Internal Duty of Excise paid thereon: Provided that no such Drawback shall be paid or Allowance of Duty made unless the Person respectively who export such Beer or Ale, Spirits or Malt, shall make Oath that the full Duties on account of which such Drawback is required have been fully paid and satisfied, and shall also perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Restrictions as are or shall be required to be performed and observed, by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable, for obtaining the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Corn malted or unmalted in Ireland, which shall have paid the said Duty of Ten-pence for every Gallon by this Act imposed, and which shall have been warehoused in Ireland before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which shall be entered for Exportation from Ireland to England or elsewhere, (except Scotland,) there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight pence, British Currency, and no more; and that sots and upon every Gallon of Spirits which shall be diRilled from Sugar in Ireland, and which shall be warehoused in Ireland, and exported from thence to England, or elsewhere,( except Scotland,) there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny, Britt/b Currency, and no more; which said Drawbacks shall be paid in like Manner, and under the like Restrictions, as are by this Act dire died with respect to other Drawbacks on Spirit$ exported.

VII. And be it further enacted, That as well the said Duty of Four Shillings per Gallon on Spirits made from Com malted or un-malted, as also the said additional Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of Spirits diililled from Corn malted or unmalted, and like-wife the said Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Half-penny per Gallon on Spirits made or diddled from Sugar, by this Act respectively imposed, shall be respectively charged on every Distiller, in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or diililled by such Distiller, or for which such Distiller shall be chargeable by Law; to be computed, ascertained, and charged in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Directions, and Provisions, as are contained inn Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign,

as*

Sugar Spirits 8a. 5d. (at 1 to 10, and Coin Proposition.) Malt 10a. pec Barrel.

47 0.3. Sess. S. c. 16. §7.

Drawbacks on

Com Spirits having paid additional Duty, and warehoused before 29th Sept. 1808, and exported to England or elsewhere, ls.Bd« per Gallon.

On all Sugar Spirits warehoused 2s. 5-|<L per Gallon.

The several Duties on Spirits shall be a Charge on Biftiller too ail Spirits aa under A£U 46 G. 3. c. 88. and 47 G.d. Sess. 2. c. 17. under the Regulation* in those A<*U and this Act.

25»

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Duty of 10s. for Six Gallons shall be charged on the first working After 99th Sept.

1800 i

and shall be charged by Otiicers at the End of avery Moolh.

C. 78.

Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the ware-hortjing such Spirits for Exportation, and in an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for amending the said recited Act of the Fony-sixth Year, with respect to the computing, ascertaining, and charging the Duties on Spirits payable at the Time of the passing of the said Acts, or as are contained in this Act, or may be contained in any Act or Acts for amending the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years, or either of them; and that all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned, and contained in the said recited A els of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years aforesaid, with respedi to any Charges of Duty, or Surcharges, or other Charges on any Distiller, and with respedi to the warehousing of any Spirits, shall be applied and put in Practice in making Charges and Surcharges on such Distiller, in respedi of the said Duties on Spirits under this Act, and with respedi to the warehousing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and cnadied in this Act, except only so far as the faifl Acts are altered by this present Act, or as the same may be altered by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the first Charge on any Distiller in respedi of the said Duty of Ten Shillings under this Act, for every Six Gallons of Spirits made from Com malted or unmalted, shall be made at the End of the first complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, which shall commence at any Time after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, ^or which any Still of such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable as working; and that every future Charge in respedi of the said Duty, shall be made at the End of each subsequent Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, for which any Still shall by Law be chargeable as working, in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of any Distillery, shall make a Return to the Collector of the Diitridi for such first Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, and so in like Manner a Return for every other or subsequent Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, while any Still of any Distiller shall continue, or be presumed tq continue working, or shall by Law be chargeable as working, and in such Return shall charge such Distiller after the Rate of One Shilling and Eight pence per Gallon for the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall be chargeable with Duty in respect of such Still, or of the Spirits made or ditlilled therein, for every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, under the Provisions and Regulations of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, without any Allowance or Deduction from the said Duty of Ten Shillings, for or in respedi of the Size of the Still or Stills in which such Spirits shall have been distilled; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, without any Allowance or Deduction, otherwise than is herein after expressly mentioned, within Six Days after such Return and Charge shall have been made, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty

*53

A.D. 1808. 41° GEO. III. C. 78.

Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Distiller p*, fti]ier charged with the said Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of iWVe Credit Spirits made from Corn malted or unmalted, after the rate of One ( from the Shilling and Eight-pence Galion, in Manner aforesaid, shall beal- Collector of ill* lowed Credit against the Amount of the said Duty, and in discharge of the same, at and after the Rate of Ten Shillings British Currency Gf u>s! fur for each and every Barrel of Malt, which shall have been actually used every Barrel of and consumed by such Distiller, in the making and diddling of the Malt proved to Spirits, for which such Charge shall be made, and such Duty shall be used % payable: And for that Purpose it shall be lawful for such Di (tiller to produce to the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of his Distillery, or other proper Officer or Officers of Excise, on* any Day after the Monday in the Fourth Week of each such Period of Four Weeks, an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually maftied or brewed by such Distiller, within a Period of Four Weeks immediately preceding and ending with such Monday, together with Permits or Certificates for the permitting of such Quantity of Malt into the Ma(h JCeeve of such Distiller; and thereupon, if such Surveyor, Gauger, or Oliver to Officer Officer, shall be satisfied with such Account, such Surveyor, Gauger, Account of Malt or Officer, shall at the Foot thereof certify his Assent thereto, and used, to which shall figo his Name and the Date to such Certificate, and the said Ac- tl>c Officer shall count and Certificate shall be taken and accepted after the Rate cenityhisA «uu aforesaid by the Collector of the District, in and towards the Discharge, and in Part Satisfaction of the Monthly Amount of the said Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of Spirits 10 charged upon and payable by such Distiller as aforesaid: Provided to Trujl^always, that the Distiller by whom or on whose Behalf such Account Account, and Certificate shall be tendered, shall, if thereto required by the Officer to whom the same shall be so tendered, make Affidavit (orfo. lemn Affirmation if a Quaker) % to the Truth of such Account before such Collector; and on Default or-Refusal of such Distiller so to do*when thereto required, such Account and Certificate shall not be taken or accepted in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further e'nacted, That if any Distiller shall for any penalty o» such Period of Four Weeks for which such Account of the Quantity Distiller of Malt actually mashed or brewed by such Distiller shall be produced receiving Credit as aforesaid, have received Credit, in Manner aforesaid, for a greater " U<*f

Quantity of Malt as being used or consumed by such Distiller within i^el.0* such Period, than such Quantity as shall appear to have been decreased within the said Period in the Stock Account of the Malt made or received by such Distiller; every inch Distiller shall for every Barrel of such Excess of Quantity of Malt forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings and so in Proposition for any greater Quantity than a Barrel:

Provided always, that in case such Excess shall not exceed the Proposition of Five per Centum upon such Stock Account, no such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Malt shall be removed from' No M: -> ffitlll* or out of the Stores of any Distiller, or from any other Place, into the removed trum Mill, Distillery, or Ma(h Keeve of such Distiller without a Permit; DistilLn'wiiiiout and that if any Quantity of Malt ground or unground, whether in apcrmu*. '*any Process of diililling or not, or whether mixed or unmixed with -.any

A.D. 1808.

354

Penalty, Forfeiture and 40L.

C. 78, 79.

48° GEO. III.

Permits (half he delivered to Surveyor, &c. Penalty 20l.

any ground or unground unmalted Com or not, shall be found'in the Mill, Distillery, or Mash Keeve of such Distiller, and a Permit for removing the same into such Mill, Distillery, or Mash Keeve, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excise be produced, or Proof made to such Officer that such Permit had been granted for such Malt, and that such Permit was afterwards loft or mistaid, all such Malt, together with all unmalted Com with which such Malt may be mixed, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds British Currency; and every such Permit shall from Time to Time be delivered by such Distiller or his Servant to the Surveyor or other proper Officer of Excise in charge of the Distillery within Twelve flours after the Expiration of the Time for which the same shall be of force, or at any Time within such Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by such Officer; and if such Permit shall not be delivered to such Officer accordingly, such Distiller shall forfeit for every Neglect Twenty Pounds British Currency.

c Account of the Stock of Spirits in Hand on 10th June shall be taken u by the Excise Officer, and a Return made to the Collector of the* District. $ 12. Returns shall be made by Distillers, Retailers, " &c. on Oath, of Stock on Hand on said 10th June. Distiller* u shall deliver Account of all Increase of Spirits between 10th June " and 29th September. Oath to the Truth of Returns. §13. Duties ' u on such Spirits in Stock shall be made on the largest Return, and " paid within One Month; or on Removal. §14. Penalty for Default u of Payment Double Duty and 20/. §15. Purchaser shall pay Seller u additional Duty on Spirits previously fold. §16. Duties carried to u Irish Consolidated Fund. §17. Duties, Drawbacks, and Penalties u under this Act, shall be levied as other Revenues of Customs and u Excise, under 14 & 15 Car. 2. c. 8. 46 G. 3. r. 106, &c. $ 18. u Act maybe altered or repealed this Session. $ 19."

45 G. 3. c. 53.

46 G. D. c. 57.

Commisslonew may make Abatements on Charges under 46 G. 3. as they might on those under 45 G. 3.

30, 31, 32.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend the Two Acts for the Collecting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Malt-Jr* which said recited Act was amended by an Act made in the

Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, A8 to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for the Collection of the

Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Act*; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, to reduce the Quantity of Malt for which any Maltster or Maker of Malt is. under the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year chargeable with. Duty during the Continuance of his Licence in any Year, on such Occasions and in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-

ftri&ions

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. c. 79; «55

strictions at the Commissioners of Excise or any Four of them are empowered to reduce any Charge under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, any yearly Charge or other Matter or Thing, in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year as relates to the Dimensions of any Malt-house, Cistern, Growing Floor, Kiln Floor, or Couch Frame, or to the granting any Licence for more than One Cittern in any Malt-house, shall oe and the same is hereby repealed: And that from and after the passing of this Act the said Propositions shall be ascertained and regulated under this Act in Manner following; and that no Licence mall be granted to any Malt Her or Maker of Malt to make Malt in any Malt*house which shall contain more than one Steep or Ciflern for the steeping or wetting of Corn 5 or the growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in which shall not contain Two thousand six hundred Square Feet in the Whole at the lead; or the Kiln Floor or Floors in which shall contain any Number of Square Feet exceeding the Proposition of Three hundred and Twenty-four Square Feet of such Kiln Floor or Floors for every Two thousand six hundred Square Feet of the growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in such Malt-house; nor unlets the Steep or Ciflern in every such Malt-house shall be of Dimensions sufficient to contain not less than Four Bushels and a Half of Barley at the lead for every One hundred Square Feet of growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in such Malt-house; nor shall any Licence be granted to make Malt in any Malt-house unless there shall be a Square Couch Frame for the Steep or Cidem therein, of the Depth of Two Feet at the lead, and not more than Three Feet, and capable of receiving the same Quantity of Grain as the Steep or Cidern, and no more, nor unless such Couch Frame shall be condrufted of Materials of such Strength as shall be sufficient to preserve the Dimensions of such Couch Frame when charged with Grain, nor unless such Couch Frame, or such Part thereof as shall be condrufted of Wood, shall be of the Subdance of One Inch at lead in Thickness, and braced on the Outside at every Three Feet in Length with a Ledge of Wood Six Inches in Breadtn and One Inch thick at the lead, nor unless such Couch Frame shall be erested, fixed, and secured in such Manner as that the Officers of Excise may take an Area thereof;and if any Licence shall be granted to any Person to make Malt in any Malt-house contrary to the aforesaid Regulations, such Licence is hereby declared to be null and void, and every Person making Malt in such Malt-house shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and be subject to all the Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Person making Malt without Licence is subject: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Floor of the Kiln of any Malt-house shall be covered with Iron Wire or Iron Plates, for the Purpose of making or preparing Malt for brewing Porter, a Licence may be granted to make Malt therein, although it shall not contain a Number of Square Feet of Kiln Floor after the Rate aforesaid, in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes that the Malt to be made therein is to be used in brewing Porter and not otherwise: Provided also that it shall be latoful for the said Commissioners to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt in any Malt-house which may have been ereaed previous

Repeal of 45 G. a. c. 5J. $ 5.

Dimensionv of Melt Houses, Citterns, Floms, and Couch Fumes shall be regulated under this A*.

4

A.D. 1808.

5 6

C. 79.

48* Geo. nr.

Places adjoining to growing Floors not separated therefrom by Walls, shall be deemed Part of live Floor.

Penalty lOOl.

No Malt shall be removed into a Brewery or Distillery without Permit, though made by the Brewer, &c.

Penalty tool.

Mills shall not be registered as Malt Stores, &c.

After

Discontimianre for Remainder of a Year, (under 45 G. a.<.53.

§ 31.) Mahher may recommence working on Notice.

vious to the passing of the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, the growing, working, or drying Floors in which shall contain less than Two thousand six hundred Square Feet, and not less than One thousand Square Feet, and the Kiln Floor or Floors of which shall be in the foregoing Propositions to the working or drying Floor or Floors therein,

III. And be it further enacted, That every Floor, Room, or Place next adjoining to any Floor or Place in any Malt-house registered or returned under the said recited Act of the said Forty-fifth Year, a3 a growing, working, or drying Floor, or which shall be mentioned in any Return or Account under the said recited Act as a growing, working, or drying Floor, which shall not be separated from such Floor (o registered or returned by a Wall built with Brick or Stone, with Mortar made with Lime and Sand, of the full Height of the Top or Ceiling of the Room or Place in which such* Floor so registered or returned shall be, and not less than Nine Inches in Thick-ness, and without any Door or Opening whatever therein, and so that no direct Communication shall be between the same and such Floor so registered or returned, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Floor; and if any Person requiring any Licence under the said recited Act, shall not in such Return as aforesaid insert the Number of Square Feet contained in such Floor or Place (b next adjoining, and not so separated as aforesaid, as Part of the Dimensions of such growing, working, or drying Floor, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Brewer or Distiller who shall remove out of or from any Store, any Quantity of Malt into his or her Brewery or Distillery, shall obtain a proper Permit signed by the proper Officer for such Removal, whether such Malt shall have been made by such Brewer or Distiller or not; and if any Quantity of Malt ground or unground, mixed or unmixed with any ground or unground Corn or Grain, whether in a State of manufacturing into Beer or Ale or Spirits or not, shall be found in any Brewery or Distillery, and such Permit signed by the proper Officer, for removing such Malt into such Brewery or Distillery, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excise, or within a reasonable Time after such Demand be produced, then and in every such Case every Brewer or Distiller in whose Brewery or Distillery such Mak shall be so found as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Mill or Mill Store shall be registered as a Store for keeping Malt, nor any Place which shall have a Communication by internal Doors with or shall be adjoining to that Part of any Distillery, or Brewery where any Keeve or other Vessel for mashing shall be kept.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have discontinued working for the Remainder of any Year, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be desirous again to work in such Year, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt so to do, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, on giving Fourteen Days Notice of such his or her Intention so to do to the said Commissioners, and to the Collector or other superior Officer in Charge of the District, and to the Surveyor

and

*57

48° GEO. III. C. 79.

and Gauger of the Walk; and no other Day shall be mentioned in such Notice than the Twenty-sixth Day of some Month in the Year and every such MaltftcT or Maker of Malt shall in such Case be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay Duty in all Respects as such Maltster or Maker of Malt would have been charged and charge* able with in case such Maltster or MakA* of Malt had not given such Notice of Discontinuance for the Remainder of the Year.

VII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the Forty-

fifth Year aforesaid, among other Things, enacted, that no Maltster

or Maker of Malt, or other Person whatsoever in Ireland, shall mix

or cause to be mixed any unmalted Corn or Grain with Malt made

of any Corn or Grain whatsoever, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence be it declared and enacted, That the said Provision shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Distiller who shall mix together raw Corn and Malt for the Purpose only of distilling Spirits therefrom, and that no Distiller shall, on account of such Mixture be liable to the said Penalty, any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any superior or other Officer of Excise, or any Officer other than the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of any Malt-house, shall make any'Charge or Surcharge upon any Maltster or Maker of Malt under the said recited Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Collection of the Malt Duties, in respect of any Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, such Charge or Surcharge of Duty shall be a Charge on such Maltster, and such Maltster shall be chargeable with and shall pay the Duty appearing by such Charge or Surcharge co have become due and payable, in like Manner as he is chargeable or liable to pay any Duty upon any Charge re* turned or made by the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Malt* house of such Maltster, and if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between such Officer and such Maltster touching the Amount of Duty payable on any such Charge or Surcharge, the Officer so making such Charge or Surcharge shall verify the same by Affidavit in like Manner as other Officers are by the said recited Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years or either of them required to do, and every Charge or Surcharge so made by any Officer other than such Surveyor or Gauger, shall by such Officer be entered distinctly in the Book of such Surveyor or Gauger, and be separately and distinctly set forth in the Returns required to be made from Time to Time by such Surveyor or Gauger under the said recited Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years or either of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of Six Stone, shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed by Land or by Water from Place to Place in Ireland, or shall be found on any Carriage or Bead, or on board any Boat or other Vessel without a proper Permit or Let-Pass, or if the Carrier or Person conveying such Malt, or the Person in whose Possession the same shall be, shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Customs or Excise, produce a Permit or Let-Pass under the Hand of the proper Officer, authorising the Removal of such Malt, then and in every such Case all such Malt, with the Sacks or Packages containing the same, aodalfo the Beads and Carriages) or the Boat or Vessel

48 Geo. III. S containing)

Distiller shall not be liable to Penalty under 45 G. 3. c. S3.

§ 45. for mixing* raw (©m with Grain.

Surcharges on Maltster* by superior Officer* shall be as valid as by the Offices in Charge.

Horses,

Carriages, Boats, &c. conveying Malt without Permit forfeited*

258

- A.D. 1808.

JVewer {full not deliver out Malt to any Persona bat fui h as brew for their private Use.

46 G. 3. c. 68.

47 G. 3, ft, 2. c. 17.

C. 79, 80, 81. 48# GEO. III.

containing, carrying, bearing, or drawing the same, with all Tackle thereto, respectively belonging shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer shall at arty Time while he shall carry on the Trade of a Brewer, fell or deliver out any Malt to any Person whatsoever, except to Persons brewing Ale or Beer for their own private Use, and in such Quantities only as such Persons may reasonably consume within a reasonable Time for making Beer or Ale for their private Use, and for which it shall appear by the Certificate of such Persons or otherwise, that such Persons are in Possession of a propositionate Quantity of Hops for brewing the same.

Powers of 45 G. 3. c. 53. applied to this Act. j 11."

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland \ and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coflee imported.

[23d June 1808.]

" 45 G. 3. c. 18. & 46 G. 3. c. 62. granting Duties of Customs (con* " tiuued by 46 G. 3. c. 125 and c. 120. §1. — and 47 G. 3. Sell*. 2. " c. 1.). 47 G. 3. Jl. 2. c, 16. granting other Duties of Customs, u recited: Duties and Drawbacks under recited Acts continued to 5th July 1809 > except Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar provided for by 47 G. 3. Self. 1. r. 19. (continued by 48 G. 3. c. 17.) — Regulations in all the recited Acts, also continued to said cth July " 1809. §1. Articles entitled to Bounty shall not be liable to " Duty. §2. Drawback on British and Irish Salt exported from u Ireland 2/. per Bufiiel: Such Salt shall be exported under Regu-u lations in 46 G. 3. r. 87. $ 71, &c. $ 3. Duty on East India Sugar u imported 1 /. 9s. 8 Id. per cwt. and Drawback of the Whole on " Exportation, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks. §4. Duty u on British Plantation Coffee imported into Ireland, reduced to]d, " per lb. §5. Duty on Foreign Spirits in Warehoyfe on the 10th " of June, or imported on the said Day or afterwards, 10 d. per Gallon " additional, f 6. Duties and Drawbacks shall be managed as for-" mer Duties, &c. §7, and carried to the Irtjb Consolidated Fund.

" §8. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §9."

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dif-

tilled in Ireland, and the nvareboufing of such Spirits for Exfor*

tationi And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-seventh rear

V -of

of His present Majesty's Reign to amend the said recited Act of the

Forty-sixth Year: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be further amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as enacts, that it shall be lawful for any Three of the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller shall be chargeable in any Year, by virtue of the said Act, according to the Number of Weeks or Days in the said Act mentioned, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that some Fatality, such as Fire or any other unavoidable Accident or Misfortune, shall have prevented such Distiller from working such Number of Weeks or Days, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II.*And, for preventing any Injury or Interruption to the Revenue by any Fatalities or Accidents which may hinder any Still

from working, ' be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller in Ireland, from Time to Time, to provide a Second Still of like Dimensions and upon the like Plan with any Still or Stills which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep or use in his Distillery, or as nearly so as may be jpracticable, and to lodge such Second Still at the Excise Office of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, to be kept there until the same shall be required by such Distiller to be delivered to him, for the Purpose of being set up and placed in his Distillery, in the Room and Stead of such Still of the like Dimensions and Plan as may be prevented from working in such Distillery by any Fatality or Accident.

III. And be it further enacted, That no such Second Still shall be delivered to such Distiller until such Distiller shall have deposited at the Excise Office aforesaid, the other Still of like Dimensions and Plan which shall have been prevented from working as aforesaid, and to replace which he demands the Delivery of such Second Still; nor until Notice of such Intention to demand the same shall have been served upon the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Distillery; and the Still which shall be removed from such Distillery into such Excffe Office, shall remain there until the same shall be broken up or rendered useless by the Directions of the Proprietor thereof, or until the same shall be delivered, by Order of the Proprietor thereof, to some Brazier for the Purpose of being repaired, sufficient Security being first given by Bond to the Collector or other Officer of Excise, that such Still shall be returned to the Excise Office on or before a Day to be for that Purpose appointed by such Collector or Officer, and to Be specified in such Bond, and that such Still shall not be used for any Purpose whatever before the same shall be returned to the Excise Office; and every Still so repaired shall be returned to the said Excise Office accordingly for the Proprietor thereof, or for any Person to whom the same may be disposed of by such Proprietor; and in case such Still after being repaired shall remain at the said Excise Office, for more than Twelve Calendar Months in the Whole, after the Proprietor thereof shall cease to be licensed, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the District to break up such Still and render the same tfelefp, and to cause the Materials of such Still to be sold; and the

S 2 Produce

46 G. 3. c. 88. f. 58. atto Allowance* foe Accidents, repealed*

Distiller to.prevent Acer* dents may provide a Second Still, to be deposited at the Excise Office.

Still so deposited, may be changed for a damaged Still.

C. 8i.

A.D. 1808.

Distiller shall be chargeaMe for Still continuing to work an if no such Remcnal had taken place.

In ease of

PHtref* by

Vi tv, &c. AJJowaiices itoay be made to Distiller*.

Abatement to

Distillers prerented fmm working by legislative Stoppage of Distilleries in the CWirfe of any'Month.

48°

GEO. III.

Produce thereof, after deducting all Expences of such Sale, shall be paid by such Collector to the Proprietor of such Stills Provided always, that no Still shall be sent to or removed from the Excise Office, without a regular Pennit to be duly granted for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall remove to the Excise Office any Still which shall have been so prevented from working, in the Course of any Period during which such Still shall be chargeable as working, inch Distiller shall nevertheless be and continue charged and chargeable iu respect of the same Number of Workings, and in all other Respects whatsoever as if no such Removal had taken place, and as if such Still had continued uninterruptedly at work: Provided always, that in such Case it may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to make any Allowance to any Distiller who shall be surcharged in respect of any Wash, Wort, Or Pot Ale, not (Milled within the Time allowed by Law.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the House in which any Still shall be at work shall be suddenly consumed in the Whole or in Part by any Fire therein, or in any adjoining House or Office, whereby any such Still shall have been prevented from working, or in case any sudden Fatality shall have happened to the Still-house or Offices, by the Walls falling or the Roof falling in, it shall be lawful for any Three of the Commissioners of Excite in Ireland to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller shall be chargeable, for the Period of Twenty-eight Days, in the Course of which such Fire or sudden Fatality shall have happened, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that by such Fire or Fatality such Distiller shall have been pre\ented from working the full Number of Twenty-eight Days, and that the Quantity of Spirits charged, exclusive of the Quantity contained in such proposed Abatement, is the full and entire Quantity made in such Still during such Period: Provided always, that Application to the said Commissioners for such Reduction or Abatement shall be made within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Period of Twenty-eight Days, in the Course of which such Fire or sudden Fatality shall have happened; and that no Reduction or Abatement shall be allowed in respect of any fractional Part of a Day; and that every such Reduction or Abatement shall be first approved of by any Three of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if by reason or in pursuance of any Act made or to be made to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall at any Time have been prevented or shall be prevented from working for the Whole or any Period of Twenty-eight Days in the Course of which any such Prohibition shall have commenced, or may commence or take place, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to make such Allowances to such Distiller as shall 'appear to the said Commissioners to be just and reasonable, such Allowance in no Case exceeding the Amount of Duty computed upon the Quantity of Spirits remaining undiftilied, and necessary to complete the Quantity of Spirits for which any such Distiller shall be respectively

A.D. 1808.

C. 8r

48° GEO. III.

261

respectively charged for such Period of Twenty-eight Days 5 and that Such Stoppage

any Stoppage of any Still by reason or in pursuance of any such Act ft aiU>c deemed a

to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, shall be*llinoai, <e

taken and deemed as a Discontinuance by such Distiller, for the Re- Reminder of

mainder of the Year for which any Licence to such Distiller shall he the Year.

then in force, unless on the Removal of such Prohibition such

Distiller shall re-commence working, under any of the Provisions

contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the

regulating and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland;

and that in case of any such Stoppage by reason or in pursuance of W.ift in

any such Prohibition if any Worts, Wash, or Pot-Ale, made from Distillery at

Corn, shall be in any such Distillery at the Time when such Prohibi-

tion shall commence or take place, and such Worts, Walh, or Pot-Ale,

shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Six Days including the Day

of brewing and the Day of diddling such Worts, Wadi, or Pot-Ale,

may be distilled at any Period after the Expiration of the said Six

Days; and that no Surcharge shall be made on the Distiller in respect of such Worts, Wadi, or Pot-Ale, not being diddled within the said Period of Six Days 5 any Thing in the said recited Act of the

Forty-sixth Year aforesaid to the contrary not with danding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of piftilWon this Act, no Low Wines or Spirits shall be made, extracted, or distilled in Ireland, from Melasses, or any Mixture with the fame$ and p 1 11 that if any Distiller or oilier Person in Ireland shall, after the paf-» sing of this Act, make, extract, or distill any Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses, or any Mixture with the same, or shall brew or prepare any Wort or Wash from Melasses, or any Mixture with the l^me, for the Purpose of extracting or diddling Low Wines o#

Spirits, every such Distiller or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all Melasses and all Wash prepared from the same, or any Mixture therewith, and all Low Wines and Spirits made, extracted or diddled therefrom, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said re? 46 G. 3. e. ss. pited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits J.?10 °c distilled in Ireland, as pnacts that all Sugar Wash which shall not be Waft/rri^a]e<lj distilled at the Expiration of Twelve Days, shall be considered as Wash and 18 Days not included in any former Charge against the Distiller, and that such allowed. Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Walh, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act all Sugar Wash in the Distillery of any Distiller, which shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Eighteen Days, including the Day of breaking down the Sugar with Water, and the Day of diddling, shall be considered as Wash not included i; j any former Charge against such Distiller, and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Wadi, according to the Directions of the said recited Act and this Act, and of any Act in force relating to the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and indead of the Mode of cal-ChargeB under the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year, on any Decrease of Wash produced from Sugar, or on any Decrease of jjugarWash, Low Wines or Singlings produced from such Wash, the Officer of &c? instead of Excise keeping an Account of Walh, Pot-Ale, Low Wines, or that under

Sj SingUngij 46 G. 3. c. 8K

47.

C. 8i.

A.D. 1808.

262

Com Spirit*, and* Sugar Spirits, shall be kept in separate Warehouse*.

Surcharges by foperior Officer* shall be as valid as by the Officer in Charge, &c.

46 G. 3. e.S6. §29. as to felling Waft, $tr. repealed; an Wash shall hefpilied, and all Spirits conveyed to Excise Office, &c.

48° GEO. III.

Singlings, in the Distillery of any Distiller in Ireland.f shall, on any Decrease of Wash produced from Sugar, charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wash so decreased, and so in proposition for any greater or less Quantity of Washj and upon any Decrease of Low Wines or Singlings produced from any fuchvWafh, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons of Low Wines so decreased; and such Officer shall make a Return of the Quantities of Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits made or distilled from Corn shall be deposited, kept, or secured in any Warehouse in which any Spirits made from Sugar shall at the same Time be depo-fittd, kept, or feenred; but that all such Corn Spirits and Sugar Spirits shall be deposited, kept and secured in separate and distinct Warehouses; and that all such Spirits shall be contained in Calks of not less than One hundred Gallons Content, and that there shall be marked on the Head of each Calk the Words u Com S." or " Sugar S." as the Case shall require, and also the Number of Gallons of Spirits in each such Cask at the Time of the lloring thereof; and if any Spirits shall be deposited, kept or secured in Warehouse contrary to the Provisions of this Act, the same shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XJ. And be it further enacted, That if any Superior or other Officer of Excise, or any Officer other than the Surveyor or Gauger in, charge of any Distillery, ' shall make any Charge or Surcharge upon any Distiller under the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland* relating to the diddling of Spirits, in respect of any Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, such Charge or Surcharge of Duty shall be a Charge on such Distiller, and such Distiller shall be chargeable with and shall pay the Duty appearing by such Charge or Surcharge to have become due and payable, in like Manner as he is chargeable or liable to pay any Duty upon any Charge returned or made by the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller; and if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between such Officer and such Distiller, touching the Amount of Duty payable on any such Charge or Surcharge, the Officer so making such Charge or Surcharge mall verify the lame by Affidavit, in like Manner as other Officers are by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year required to do; and every Charge or Surcharge so made by any Officer, other than such Surveyor or Gauger, shall by such Officer be entered distinctly in the Book of such Surveyor or Gauger, and be separately and distinctly set forth in the Return required to be made from Time to Time by such Surveyor or Gauger under the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said reeled Ad of the Forty-sixth Year, as permits or allows any Officer of Excise to fell any Pot-Ale, Wash, Singlings or Low Wines, seized under the said recited Act, to any licensed Distiller or other Person, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that all Pot-Ale, Wash, Singlings or Low Wines seized, under the said recited Act

or

A.D. 180$«

C. 81.

48 GEO. III.

263

or this Act, or any other Act relating to Spirits distilled in Ireland, shall immediately upon Seizure thereof be (pilied, destroyed or rendered totally useless; and that all Spirits seized under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall be earned and conveyed to the Excise Office of the District, and shall there be disposed of in such Manner only as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes (by and with the Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland,) shall from Time to Time order, direct and appoint; and that the Officers or Persons seizing such Waft, Pot-Ale, Low. Wines or Spirits, shall receive such Recompence and Reward for seizing the same as the said Commissioners of Excise, by and with the Approbation of any Three Commissioners of the Treaniry of Ireland shall order and direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller while he shall carry on the Trade of a' Distiller, shall fell or deliver out any Malt to any Person whatsoever, except to Persons brewing Ale or Beer for their own private Use, and in such Quantities only as such Persons may reasonably consume within a reasonable Time for making Beer or Ale for their private Use, and for which it shall appear by the Certificates of such Persons or otherwise, that such Persons are in Possession of a propositionate Quantity of Hops for brewing the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign the Court, at any Aflizea or presenting Term, shall fine any Parift, Townland, Manor or Lordship in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, on account of any unlicensed Still or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or other Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any Waft, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within such Parift, Townland, Manor or Lordship, such Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sum of Fifty Pounds off the Town-land only, within which such Place shall be situate, if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Court, that such Townland is a known and certain Division of a Parift, Manor, or Lordship, and that the Shears and Bounds of such Townland are fully and clearly ascertained; and such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds shall in such Case be applotted upon and raised off such Townland only, 'exclusive of any other Part of any Parift, in such Manner and according to such Rules and Regulations as are mentioned and contained in the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year aforesaid: Provided always, that if no such Applotment or no sufficient Applotment shall be. made on such Townland, such Fine shall be levied as is directed by the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year, in Cases where no Applot-raent is made under the said recited Act.

XV. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, that if any 1 Person in Ireland shall make use of any Still, Stillhead or Worm,

for distilling, or shall make or distil any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or shall brew, make or ferment any Wash, Worts or rotAle, wherewith and with the Intent to distil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for < distilling, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of'

S 4 " a Mil-

Distiller shall not deliver out Malt to any but furh as brew for private Use.

Fine of 5ol. for unlicensed StilLi under 47 G. 3. Seflf. 2. .17.512.

Hull be raised off the Townland only, if sufficiently known;

and applotted as underlaid Aft, f 23, 24.

Where an Inhabitant of any Parish, &c. convictsan Offender of a Mffdemeansr, under 46 G. 3. c. 88. f. 89. tab parish shall be fined only 2*1.

264

under 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 17. the whole of which shall be paid to the Informer, &c.

c. 81.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Any Person whatever may ieize and destroy yici^il Stills, and ilfo Spirits, Walh. &c. found in Custody of ualicensed Pejrfons, &c.

a Misdemeanor, and shall be punishable on Conviction as in the said Act is mentioned Be it enacted, That whenever any Offender*shall have been tried and convicted for any such Offence, by the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Excite) of the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship in which the Place shall be situate where such Offence was committed, upon an Information given by such Inhabitant, before any other Information for the said Offence shall have been given to a Magistrate, the Court before whom such Conviction shall be had, at any Assizes or presenting Term, shall fine such Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship on account of such Offence, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, such Fine to be recovered and levied in like Manner as by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year and this Act is directed with respect to the Fine of Fifty Pounds herein-before mentioned 5 and no Part of such Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the City of Dublin, nor to the Treasurer of any Publick Infirmary or Hospital of any County, Town or City, but the Whole of such Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied and paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to such Inhabitant who shall have so given the first Information, and by whose Evidence such Conviction shall have been had; or to the Justice of the Peace before whom such Information shall have been made, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppredion of private Stills within his Jurisdiction according to the Direction of the Court.

XVI.«And whereas no Still can by Law be licensed in Ireland 1 of lef8 Dimensions than Two Hundred Gallons Content, except

Stills kept and used at Apothecaries' Hall in Dublin, and Stills of

Twelve Gallons Content for certain Purposes, and Stills for recti-

fying or compounding Spirits Be it therefore enacted, That if any Still, the Body whercot without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be capable of containing more than Twelve Galions, and shall not be capable of containing Two hundred Gallons at the lead, or any Head or Worm belonging to any Still of any such Di-mrnsions, shall be found in any Place whatever (except Apothecaries' Hall aforesaid) or in the Possession of any Person whotnsoever (not being a licensed Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits) the same shall be forfeited and may be seized; or if any Still not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content, or any Head or Worm belonging to any Still of such Content, shall be found in any Place whatever, or in the Possef-£on of any Person whomsoever (except at Apothecaries' Hall Dublin, or in the Custody of some licensed Chemist, Apothecary, Druggist, Brazier, or other Person duly licensed to have such Twelve Gallon Still', or if any Still capable of containing more than Two hundred Galions, shall be found in any Place whatever, without being duly licensed, the some shall be forfeited and may be seized; and it ihaH be lawful for any Person whatever who shall find or discover any Still, Stillhead, or Worm of a Still, in any Place whatsoever, except on the Road from or to a Brazier or Maker or Mender of Stills under proper Permits, or in the Possession of any Person whomsoever (except a Brazier or Person following the Trade of making or repairing Stills) without a sufficient Licence being produced at tf\e Time for keeping the same, to seize and to destroy the some, and to

'*convey

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 81.6j

convey the Materials thereof to the Excise Office of the District, or to deliver the same to the next refulent Officer of Excise, who shall take the same into his Custody, and secure the same in like Manner as if the same had been seized by him; and it shall in like Manner be lawful for any Person whorasoever to seize any Spirits, Low Wines,

Singlings, Wash, Pot-Ale, Malt or Com, and all Materials for making Spirits found in the Custody of any unlicensed Person, or of any Person whatever not entitled by Law to have the lame in their Possession, and to spill, or destroy any Worts, Wash, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings so found, and to convey all Spirits, Malt, or Corn so found to the Excise Office of the District, or to the next resident Officer of Excise, to be dealt with according to Law; and \very Person in whose Possession any such Still, Stillhead or Worm of a Still, or Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot-Ale, or Materials for making Spirits shall be so found, shall be subject to the like Penalties as if the same had been found by an Officer of Excise.

XVII. ' And, in order to deter. Persons from assisting in the private and fraudulent distilling of Spirits in Ireland? be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Persons fonndm other Person whatever shall find or discover any unlicensed Still, or any PUce with Part of or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for distil- W ling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, the.using or having whereof shall subject the Persons who shall use or have anjSmed the same, or the Parish, Manor, Lordship or Townland within which before* Justioc. the same shall beufed or found, to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment under the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years aforesaid, or either of them, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of Excise or other Person, and for all Persons acting in his or their Aid, to (lop, arrest and detain all and every Person and Persons found and discovered in any House, or at any Place where such Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil for diddling Spirits shall be found or used, or where such Worts, Wafii, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found, and to convey all and every such Person and Persons before a Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place within which such Person or Persons shall be discovered as aforesaid, in order that such Person or Persons may be dealt with by such Justice according to Law, or bound over to appear and give Evidence on any Trial which may be had for such Offence, or on any Information respecting the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Rewards or Al- Officers shall be lowances or Share of Penalty to be given paid, or made to any rewarded only Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall have seized any Still or Stills,

or any Head or Worm of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still,

shall in every Case be propositionate only to the State or Service-ableness of such Still, Stillhead, Worm, or Appendage respectively; and that if the same are entirely unserviceable, no Reward, Allowance, or Share of Penalty whatever shall be given, paid or made to the Officer who shall have seized the same; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers of

Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures recited Acts and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned and contained to

in the said recited Acts of the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years aforesaid, for the regulating and fecuiing the Collection of the Duties,

4*G.3. (I.)

*6*.

43 G. 3.C. 97-§ 4 — 8.

44 G. 3. C. 103. §16, 17.

45G. 3. c. 39. mode perpetual.

KoPennit* fell be granted except In consequence of Request-Notes duly Humped, &c. &C48 G. 3.C. 41

tics on Spirits difUIled in Ireland shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or consistent with each other, and as the said recited Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to make perpetual and to amend several Acts for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Acts and Provisions herein after mentioned

will expire on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight $ and the same naving been found ufefuY and beneficial, it is expedient that they should be

made penjetual; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better regulating the tffuing and grant-trig of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned; and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods; and also so much of an Act, madeMn the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better CoU leBion and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regu* lafions relating thereto, as amends the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid; and also so much of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, as prohibits the giving of a Certificate for any foreign Wine by any importing Merchant irf any Port in Ireland; and also an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, and for amending the same, so far as the same respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

II. 1 And whereas certain Stamp Duties have been imposed in the

present Session of Parliament on Request-Notes or Requisitions for

Permits and Certificates relative to any Exciseable or other Goods,

in lieu of former Stamp Duties on Permits and Certificatesbe k therefore enacted, That from and after the Time when a Stamp Duty shall be payable on such Request-Notes or Requisitions, no Permit, nor any Certificate of or grounded on any Permit, shall be granted by any Officer employed by or acting under the Commissioners of Custom9| or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ire

knd

C. Ss*

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

267

hmJ> nor by any other Person or Persons empowered to grant any such Permit or Certificate, until a Request-Note or Requisition in Writing shall have been delivered by or on Behalf of the Party requiring such Permit or Certificate respectively, and that every such Request-Note or Reauifition shall be duly stamped according to Law; and that such Request-Note or Requisition shall be attached, by the Officer granting such Permit or Certificate, to the Duplicate of such Permit or Certificate, retained in the Custody of such Officer.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Request-Notes and Requisitions, not duly stamped, shall be actually void; and any Per-

mit or Certificate, granted in pursuance of any such* Requisition or frail be void. Request-Note, not duly stamped, or which shall be granted without a Request-Note or Requisition being delivered in Manner required by this Act, shall be actually void, and shall not protect any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize mentioned in such Permit or Certificate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever Penalty <m shall fraudulently, or without being duly authorised thereto, issue or give out, or cause to be issued or given out, or be aiding or assisting ^l"nf'^or in issuing or giving out any Blank Permit, or any Permit not duly periwts, authorised by a preceding Request-Note; or shall fill up any Blank Felony, Seven Permit, not duly authorised by a preceding Request-Note; or if any YeanTiauf-Person shall fill up or issue any Permit not corresponding to or an- partition, 2e-fwering with the Duplicate thereof in the Possession of the Officer 5 or if any Person shall obtain or make use of any Permit so unduly or fraudulently issued; such Person, so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged a Felon, and (half be transported for the Term of his or her Life, or for the Term of Seven Years, or be sentenced to receive such other less Punishment, as the Court who shall try such Person shall direct.

V. And be it further enacted, that from and after the Expiration No Hopt shall of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Quantity of Hops, ex- conveyed.ceeding in Weight Fifty-six Pounds, shall be carried or conveyed Wl oat tTvaa- from any one Place to another in Ireland, without a Permit or Let-

pass for the same; and that all Hops, exceeding in Weight Fifty-six rounds, which shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any Part or Place in Ireland, to any other Part thereof, whether from any Part of a City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Place, may bp seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and shall be forfeited, unless the Carrier or Person conveying such Hops, or the Person in whose Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand by any Officer of Customs or Excise, produce a Permit or Let-pass in force under the Hand of form? Officer of Customs or Excise, authorising the Removal of such Hops; and that all such Permits shall be granted under such Rules and Regulations as are prescribed in and by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates in the several Cases in the said Act mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco shall at any Time No Tobacco be removed out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuf shall be removed tortis, or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged ^house and secured under and by virtue of an Act, made in the Parliament except for*of Inland in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Exportation 6 intituled.

A

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

C. 82.

t* Ritail P«fer, &c. 97 G. 3. (I.) 9.42.

JBn Removal of Exciseable Goods oat of the Custody of the Customs, Permit* shalt be granted which shall be lodged at the Excise Office, 4tc.

If Commissioners of Excise provide Moulds, Paper and Types for Permits, 8tc. they shall be printed with fwch Types on such Paper, by authorised Persons.

intituled An Act for regulating and extending tie Tobacco Trade, and for securtng the Duties payable on the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco* except, for Exportation, or into the Stock of a JJcensed Manufacturer of Tobacco; and that whenever such Tobacco shall be intended to be removed into the Stock of such Manufacturer, the Permit granted by the proper Officer of the Customs for so removing the same shall be lodged in the Excise Permit Office of the Port from whence such Tobacco is to be removed, by the Ferfonto whom such Permit shall be granted, or his Clerk or Agent, and the Excise Permit Officer there shall thereupon grant to the Person to whom such Cuf-. tom Permit was granted, in lieu of the said Custom Permit, an Excise Permit for removing such Tobacco into the Stock of the Manufacturer mentioned in such Custom Permit; and such Excise Permit Officer shall annex to the Duplicate of the Permit granted by him the Custom Permit upon which the same was granted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Exciseable Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever imported into Ireland\ and for the Removal of which from any one Place to another a Permit is by Law required, shall be intended to be removed out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have beqn lodged and secured, a Permit shall be granted by the Permit Officer of the Customs at the Port from which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are to be removed; and that upon the Arrival of such Goods, Ware?, or Merchandize at the Place of Destination^ the Person to whom the same shall be sent, or his Clerk or Agent, shall, within Twenty-four Hours (or in case a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday shall intervene, within Forty-eight Hours) after the Arrival of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize at the Place of their Destination, or after the Time limited in such Permit, lodge such Permit at the Excise Permit Office or with the Surveyor or Officer of Excise, and obtain a Certificate thereof, signed by such Officer, in such Manner as by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates is required with respect to Permits obtained under the said recited Act; and if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be removed from or out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from or out of any Warehouse without such Permit as is by this Act required, the same shall be forfeited and may be seized; and such Certificate shall be in force and shall be renewed in like Manner as is required with respect to Certificates under the said recited Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, provide Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper to be used for Permits for the Removal of Exciseable Commodities, or for Certificates of such Permits, or for Tickets to be affixed on any Calk or Package removed under Permit, or for Receipts for Taxes, with any Words or Figures visible in the Substance of such Paper, and shall also provide Plates engraved with certain Stamps, Marks, and Devices, or shall have Types cast in any peculiar Form for the printing, stamping and marking the said Paper, all Permits, Certificates apd TicketsTor the Purposes aforesaid, and all Receipts for Taxes, shall be printed by the said Plates or Types on Paper so made; which said

Paper

A.D. 1808.

C. 82.

48° GEO. III.

Paper Hi all be made, and the said Plates engraven, and Types calt by such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, under their Hands and Seals.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not authorised and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and not For the life of the said Commissioners, shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the making, or without being so authorised or appointed, 'shall knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall be on the Person accused) any Frame, Mould or Instrument for the making of Paper, with the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets and Receipts; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or afllll in the making any Paper, in the Substance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to or appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts shall be visible; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall be on the Person accused) any Paper whatsoever, in the Substance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts for Taxes shall be visible; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall by any Art, Mystery, or Contrivance, cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts, to appear visible in the Substance of any Pap er whatever; or if any Person (not authorised or appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, call, cut or make, or cause to be engraven, cast, cut or made any Plate, Type or other Thing, in Imitation of or to resemble any Plate or Type made or used by the Direction of the said Commissioners for the Purpose of marking or printing of the Paper to be used for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts; every Person, fb offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of his or her Lite, or for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court who shall try such Person shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, shall be applied and put in force in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except so far as the same are exprdsly altered or repealed by this or any other Act or Acts.

269

Penalty on

unauthorized Person* making or having such Moulds;

or malting any such Paper;

or having any such in their Possession;

or canfing the Word* used by Excise Office to appear in any Paper;

or engraving or making any such Plate or Type. Felony; Seven Yean Traofportation, &c.

Powers of 40 G. 3. (1.) c. 68. extended to this Act.

[Pages missing from PDF.]

272 C. 84. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

'and it is expedient to remove such Doubts; be it therefore declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Clauses contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling in relation to the flopping, arresting, and detaining any Persons liable to be (lopped, arrelied, or detained under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or any other Act or Acts passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to every Warrant and Non-commissioned Officers of His Majesty's Army, not being below the Rank of a Serjeant, who hath been or shall be approved of by the Officer for the Time being commanding the Regiment in which he serves, as proper and qualified to patrol for the Purpose of preventing illicit Practices on the Revenue, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Pedcms mating

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or other Per-Scizum, who son making Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, who shall also stall carry arrest, (lop, and detain any One or more of the Performs found on

?rael\!? R1BJ board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board of which such ftaU be rewarded^ Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall have been or shall be brought, m under 47 p.a. found, or seized, and shall take and carry him or them, being a Sea-ft.3ic.titi. &120. man or Seamen, a Seafaring Man or Sea-faring Men, to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or to the Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty's Impress Service, under the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be entitled to and shall have and receive the like Reward, in Proposition to the Value of the Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, seized, as if such Person or Persons were carried before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace.

VII.*And whereas it is expedient that the Provision contained

in an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, in relation to the seizing Spirits and Tea offered for Sale by Persons not having Permit, and Hawkers

and Pedlars and Persons going from House to House, should be re-

pealed, and more effectual Provision made in relation theretobe

9G.s. c.n5.$20. it therefore further enacted, That the said Provision in the said Act rehttng to contained shall be and the same is hereby repealed: And from and

Seizures of after the passing Of this Act, if any Person shall offer for Sale any remled!* Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Foreign Spirits, or any To-Uotkenfed bacco or Snuff, not being licensed to deal therein, and not having Persont offering a Permit for the same, or if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman,

an* or other trading Person or Persons going from Town to Town, or to Kp, r tp &*other Men's Houses, and trading either on Foot or with any Horse and Hawkm?&e. or ^or^es or other Cattle, or o'herwife, within the Kingdom of so offering for*.fiveat Britain, shall offer for Sale any Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Sale Ten or or other Spirits, or any Tobacco or Snuff, although he shall have a Spirits, Permit for the same, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to

though they have w}jOTn the same shall be so offered for Sale to flop, arrest, and detain Pcnmta, may the Person so offering the same for Sale, and to seize all such Tea, taken hclore a Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, and Justice, and carry the same to the next Warehouse, belonging to the Customs or proceeded against Excise, and to carry the Person so offering the lame for Sale before*rn?ltr any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who may thereupon

I7G s*Va-c*6C." require such Person to enter into Recognizance, in Manner directed {36, &c.*by the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-

fat

sent Majesty, and such Person shall thereupon he subject to all the Provisions in the said Act contained, in relation to Recognizances taken from Persons seized as Smugglers, and (if the Offender shall be a Subject of His Majesty and a Seaman or Seafaring Man, and capable of fenring in His Majesty's Navy) may fend such Person to the Custody of some Officer of the Imprefe Service, by him to be dealt with according to the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or otherwise to be by such Justice committed to Prison, and prosecuted for the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for such Offence, and such Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, and other Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, may be prosecuted in the Name of the Person or Persons who so {topped and seized the same, in like Manner as if the said Goods had been seized by an Officer of the Customs or Excise, and after Condemnation of the Goods or Commitment of the Offender, the Person or Persons having seized such Goods, and detained such Person so offering the same for Sale, shall be entitled to Five Pounds, if one Moiety of the Value at which such Goods shall be estimated and fixed as in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament mentioned, shall not exceed such Sum of Five Pounds; and if a Moiety of such Value shall exceed Five Pounds, then a Moiety of such Value, which the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively are to cause to be paid in like Manner as Rewards are paid under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; and such Person or Persons so arresting any such Offender shall also be entitled to such further Rewards as by any Law now in force are given to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, for flopping, arresting, and detaining any Offender against any. Act or Acts of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, Justices of the Peace are empowered to take Cog- nizance of Offences and Forfeitures committed or arising on toe High Sea8, and without the Limits of the County, City, Town, or f Place, of and in which they ad as such Justices of the Peace; and it is expedient that like rower should be given to His Majesty's Court of filing's Bench, and to Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery respectively; be it therefore enacted, That' from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases in which His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Justice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, are empowered to take Cognizance of any Afiault or Obstruction of any Officer or Officers of the Customs or % Excise, Army, Navy, or Marines, or of any Felony or other Offence against, or of any Forfeiture incurred, under any Ad «or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to the Revenue of Chstoms or Excise, it shall be lawful for the said Court of King's Bench, and for such Justice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for any County, City, Town, or Place respectively, to take Cognizance of such Assault or Obstructions, Felonies, Offences, or Forfeitures, as if the same Assaults or Obstructions, Felonies, or Offences had been committed, or the same For-

eune or Forfeitures had been incurred on Land within the respective ifdidions of the said Court or Justices.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, being Subjects rf His Majesty, who shall, after the First Day of August One thou-48 Geo. III. T sand

Kira's Bench, &c. may take Cognizance of Offences against Customs and Excise on the High Seas.

[See 47 3.

Penalty on Persons in any lutUceofal Vessd

A.D. 1808.

"* — 74

C. 84.

48° GEO. III.

4m1£n0Hy*s Cotft, See.

or Snuff on board, See. Felony and Vranfoortatino,

tVoloffttek

Offmden may be bailed by iuperior Courts.

45G.il. c.m. St 47 G. 3. ft. a. a. 66. so far as applicable to Guemfry, Sic. extended to Man.

[£<* 4S G. 3. c. 15J. §3, 4, 1, 6, IO, & 13. 47 G. tl*. 66. f 11, 1s, 1, V ffTai.]

land tight hundred and eighty voluntarily and without His Majesty's Licence, or the Licence of His Majesty's Privy Council, or of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or of the First Lord of the Admiralty, or other Sufficient lawful Authority, and without any sufficient Excuse for the same, proceed and fail' in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to any Road or Harbour upon the Coast; of any of His Majesty's Enemies, or shall be found in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat lying on the Coast or in any Road or Harbour of any Country belonging to His Majesty's Enemies, without any such Licence or Authority, or sufficient Excuse as aforesaid, or under the Protection of any Batteries or other Force on such Coasts, or under the Protection of any Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Enemies, having on board or having had on hoard on such Voyage, or being in such Harbour, or upon such Coast, or under the Protection of Rich Batteries, with Intent to take on board any Spirits, Tea,. Tobacco, or Snuis, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be Liable to be transported for 4my Term not exceeding Seven Years.

X. And be it further enacted, That any such Offence as last aforesaid may be alleged, laid, enquired of, and tried in any County, Shire, Or Stewartry of this Realm.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall be committed for any Offence against this Act to any Common Gaol or Place, there tef remain till delivered*by due Coiirfe of Law, it shall be lawful for any of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts at West* mtnfier, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any the Commis-uoners of Judiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall think it reasonable, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters wherewith he or she shall be charged.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Two recked Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-seventh Years of His pre-font Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, and all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, as are applicable and extend to the I Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney % shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend and be deemed and construed to extend to the Isle of Man, in as full and ample Manner as the same extend to the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, and as if the said Isle had in the said recited Acts been expressly named with the said Islands in all the Clauses and Provisions in which the said Islands are mentioned.

XIII. And whereas Bonds and Securities taken by Officers re*

lating to the Revenue and Business of Hia- Majesty's Customs (ex- 4 cept Bonds taken for Duties on Payment of Money, or for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) are,

4 by an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made and declared to be void if no Prosecutions mall be commenced for the Breach or Non-performance of any Covenant or Condition therein contained, within the Space of Five Years from .4 the Date of such Bonds or Securities: And whereas many Bonds relating to the Revenue and Business of His Majesty's Customs {be-'

fides such Bonds as in the said recited Act are excepted) are taxes with Conditions which cannot be completely performed within Five Years from the Date thereof be it therefore further enacted.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 84, 85, 86. afs

That every such Bond as aforesaid, which has heretofore been or Bonds entered

shall hereafter be entered into in relation to the Revenue or Business

of His Majesty's Customs, shall remain and continue in full Force ^iiin in foire

for Two Years, and may be prosecuted and put in Suit at any Time Two Year from

within Two Years from the Time limited in the Condition of every the Tune limited

such Bond respectively, for the Performance thsreof, any Thing in for Performance

the said Act contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing; and from and after the Expiration of such Two Years as aforesaid, every \ Gr*3*

such Bond, upon which no Prosecution or Suit shall have been com*' J

meneed, shall be void, and may be cancelled and destroyed as in the said Act is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Bondi °*J. any Officer of His Majesty's Customs to cancel any Bond given upon the granting of any Licence or Licences for the Navigation of any canceled till Vessel or Boat, and for the preventing the Owner or any other Per- Licences 0uU son using or employing such Vessel or Boat contrary to the Laws in have been force for the Prevention of Smuggling, or to deliver up any such Bond delivered up to the Obligor or Obligors, or tiny other Person, until the Licence or 14 Mom"# Licences in respect whereof such Bond was given hath been delivered up to the proper Officer of the Customs for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, or the Penalty of such Bond hath been paid to His Majesty.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

[23d June 1808.]

" Goods of the Growth, &c. of the United States of America, not prohibited, may be imported into Great Britain in Vessels of Bri* '

" tish or American Built, &c. §1. Such Goods may^be landed on Payment of the lowed Duties, payable on the like Articles from other foreign Countries, iu British or foreign Bottoms respectively. §2. American Tobacco shall be subject to the same Duty as '

Tobacco imported by British Subjects from the British Colonies,

and American Snuff to the same Duty as European Snuff imported from Europe* Such Tobacco and Snuff may be warehoused, &c.

under Regulations of 29 G. 3. c. ( %. 30 G. 3. r. 40, &c. and shall be accompanied by a Manifest. §3. Like Drawbacks shall be allowed on the Exportation of fuen Goods as on other 'foreign Goods; and on British Goods to America the like Drawbacks as 4( to the British Colonies. Duties payable to Corporations, &c. not to be affected. §4. Duties shall be levied and applied as other Duties of Customs and Excise. $ 5. His Majesty in Council may 41 suspend the Provisions of this Act. §6. Continuance of Act,

" End of next Session. §7/'

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty for the more 39^.3.* 100. effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

[2 id. June 1808.]

Ta

All former Races repealeL

Near Rates, according to Schedules (A.) and (fi.)

Fares how to be calculated.

02 G. a. c. 47.

39*40 G. 3. c. 47.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing others in lieu there* of j and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Rates and Fares to be taken by Hackney

W Coachmen, and Persons legally acting under them, for the

Hire of Hackney Coaches, have, in consequence of the greatly

advanced Prices of Provender and every other Article relative to

Coaches and Horses, been found in some Instances to be infuiS-

cient, and otherwise objectionable in consequence of the Difficulty of calculating the same: And whereas it is therefore expedient

that the Rates and Fares enumerated and set forth in all former Acts of Parliament should be repealed, and others substituted in lieu thereof; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted b/the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Rates and Fares enumerated and set forth in former Acts of Parliament, and heretofore taken for the Hire of Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprized within the weeekly Bills of Mortality, or other Places, within which such Hackney Coaches are compellable to go or be driven, shall be repealed; and in lieu thereof, every Person who now is or shall hereafter be licensed by the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the Time being; or the major Part of them, to drive, keep, and let to Hire by the Hour or Day, or otherwise any Hackney Coach with Horses, Geldings, and Mares, within the Cities of London or Westminster^ or the Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or rlaces within which, by any of the Laws now in force, such Hackney Coachmen are compellable to go, or any Person acting legally, under any such licensed Person, shall be entitled to, and may demand, receive and take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach, the Rates and Fares described, mentioned, and set forth in Figures in either of the Two Schedules or Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) calculating for Time, or Distance, at the Option-of such Coachman.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Rates; ind Fares of Hackney Coaches shall be calculated by the Hour or4 Mile only, and cot also by the Day, as allowable heretofore.

III.*And where&s by an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entituled, An Act

explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the .4 Reign of His present Majesty, at relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs: And whereas by one other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Faru m lieu thereof and for explaining and amending several Lams

4 4 relating

*77

48° Geo. nr. c. 87.

relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Hackney Coachmen are«obliged and compellable after Sunfettogo certain Distances, therein*respectively fist forth, beyond the Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof: And whereas the Period of Sunset hat been found constantly liable to Dispute; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the pafing of this Act, every Hackney Coach-man plying for Hire within the Cities of London or Wefindnfter9 or the Suburbs thereof, shall be obliged and compellable on every Day of the Week, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening between the Periods of Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, and after the Hour of Five in the Evening between Michaelmas Dan and Lady Day9 to go the several Distances, and under the several Circumstances mentioned and contained in the said recited Acts respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for every Hackney Coach hired in any Part of the Cities of London or WeJndnJler9 or the Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark or any Place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement from either of the said Cities or Borough, or at any Standing for Hackney Coaches beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening between the Periods of Lady Day and Michaelmas Day9 and after the Hour of Five in the Evening between the Periods of Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, and taken to and discharged at any Place where there is not a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, there shall or may be. aemandable and demanded, and payable and paid, over and above the ordinary established Fare payable according to the annexed Schedules, for the Hire of every such Coach the full Rate or Fare allowed by this Act, to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement; or, where inch Hackney Coach shall have been hired or 'taken at any Standing for Hackney Coaches beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, there shall be denmnoable and paid, over and above the ordinary established Fare as aforesaid, the full Rate or Fare back either to such Standing or to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, at the Option of the Person discharging such Coach: And for every Hackney Coach which shall be hired or taken to be driven into the Country in the Day-time, and driven thither and there discharged, there shall be demandable from the Person or Persons so hiring and discharging such Coach, for the Return thereof to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, if such Coach shall have been taken in any Part of the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark or any Place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement from either of the said Cities or Borough; or, if taken at any Place beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, then for the Return thereof to such latter Place whence taken, over and above the ordinary established Fare payable according to the annexed Schedules, for the Hire of every such Coach, the additional Rates and Fares following; that is to say, for Ten Miles Five Shillings, for Eight Miles Four Shillings, for Six Miles Three Shillings, and for Four Miles Two Shillings but no Allowance for Return to be piade for any lesser Distance than Four Miles, so calculated.

V.*And whereas Hackney Coachmen so discharged in the Country have, contrary to Right, and to the Prejudice of the stated

T 3 1 figured

Hackney Coach*

to no the Distances.specified is recited AAa within the Periods herein

Evening Back Fares beyond Carriageway Pavements. '

Back stre of Coaches hiaed to go more thaw 4 M iles into the Country.

378

A.D. 1 So8

C. 87.

48° GEO. III.

Penalty on

Hackney Coaches plying for Hire when returning to Town,

3l. to 20*

Kaelreey Coaches shall carry Irifide and a Servant outside.

Fares for additional Numbers.

Advance of Fare to Coaches kept siting.

Compensation to Hackney M Coachmen improperly fmnmoned for not taking Fqfcns.

4* figured Stages, been in the frequent rfabit of plying for and pick'

ing up promifeuous Passengers, thereby fconverting their Hackney

Coaches into Stagesbe it therefore enabled, That every Hackney Coachman so offending, and being thereof coftvicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the major Part of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Penalty not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Discretion of the major Part of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder any such Hackney Coachman, so returning from the Country, from taking up regular Fares in the proper Course of his Employment.

VT.*And whereas Disputes have frequently arisen, and do fre-r

questly arise where Hackney Coachmen refule to carry more than

Four Passengers; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That every Hackney Coachman shall be obliged and compellable to carry Four adult Persons inside his Coach, and a Servant outside, if required, at one and the same Time, and he shall not be compellable to carry above that Number; but if he shall agree to take above that Num-r her, he shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such addr* tional adult Person whom he shall so agree to cany, and shall carry* One Shilling over and above the regular Fare; or it he shall have been hired to drive into the Country, and shall drive thither, and there shall wait, and shall return with any such additional adult Person, he shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such additional adult Person whom he shall so agree to carry, and shall carry into the Country, and after waiting, return with. One Shilling for going and One Shilling for returning, over and above his regular Fare:

VII. And whereas it hath frequently occurred, that Persons hiring and taking Hackney Coaches to VauxhalU or other Places of publick Resort, and elsewhere, have directed the Drivers thereof < to wait, and have not returned, to the great Loss and Prejudice of the Owners of such Coaches $ for Remedy whereof, ' be it further, enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for every Hackney Coachman so hired and taken, and directed to wait, and they are hereby empowered to a(k, demand, and receive of and from the Person or Persons so hiring and directing them to wait as aforesaid, a reasonable Sum in Hand, over and above the Fare to which they respectively shall be entitled for driving thither, the Sum so received to be accounted for when every such Coach shall be finally discharged* '

VIII. And whereas by the Laws now in force, Hackney Coach-

men are not obliged or compellable to go with Persons desirous of*

hiring their Coaches, provided they shall have been out Twelve Hours: And whereas Hackney Coachmen have been oftentimes

improperly Summoned to answer for Refusal, to the great prejudice ' and Loss both of themselves and their Matters; be it therefore further enacted, That every Hackney Coachman who shall, in civil and explicit Terms, declare to any Person or Persons desirous to engage his Coach, either that he hath been at work Twelve Hours with his Coach and Horses, or that he is actually hired, and shall afterwards, notwithstanding such Reply, be summoned to answer. for Refusal, and shall, upon the hearing of the Complaint, produce Sufficient Evidence to prove that he had been then Twelve Hours at

48° GEO. III. C. 87.

Work, or that he wa9 at the Time actually and Bondfide hired (at the Case may be), and it shall not appear that such Hackney Coach* ma t had used any uncivil Language, or had improperly conduced himself towards the Party by whom he shall be lb uimmooed, such Hackney Coachman shall not be punished for such Refusal; and it shall be lawful for the Commissionera for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, before whom such Complaint shall be heard, and they are hereby empowered, to require the Person who shall have summoned such Coachman to make to him a Compensation for hia Loss of Time in attending the Office, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings, nor less than Three Shillings, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under any Act of ParHa* ment relating to Hackney Coaches.

IX.*And whereas the Owners of Hackney Coaches, regularly9licensed, have been heretofore greatly prejudiced and aggrieved by the Interference of the Owners or Drivers of the stated figured

Stages with the regular Street-work of Hackney Coaches; for Re-1 medy whereof/ be it further enacted, That no Owner or Driver of any stated figured Stage, on his Way to London, shall take up any Person as and for a Passenger in his Coach after he shall have entered the paved Streets of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, at any of the Extremities thereof respectively; nor shall any such Owner or Driver of any such stated figured Stage, on his Return into the Country, take up any Person as and for a Passenger in his Coach, for the Purpose ot setting down such Passenger in any of the paved Streets of London or Westminster, or Borough of South-waarl, such Owner or Driver well knowing at the Time when he shall take up such Passenger that it is his Intention to get out of such Stage in any of the paved Streets of London or WcBminster, or Borough of Southwark, under a Penalty for every such Offence of any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Discretion of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, before whom any Complaint in this Behalf shall be heard; or if any Person, being an Owner of such stated figured Stage, shall offend a Second Time in this Behalf, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, before whom such Complaint shall be heard, and they are hereby empowered to revoke the Licence of such Owner so offending more than once; yet nevertheless, so that no such Owner or Driver shall be liable to any Penalty for any such Offence, if any Person whom he shall have so taken up and set down in any of the paved Streets of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, shall have previously taken his Place for the Country at One of the regular Booking Houses, and paid the full Fare accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Owner of any stated figured Stage shall have more than Two Booking Houses between the Places from whence his Stage shall set out in Town and Coun-

nor shall remain more than Twenty Minutes at any one of such Booking Houses, under a Penalty for every such Offence of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Discretion of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches* or the major Part of them, before whom such Complaint shall bp ktard in this Behalf.

74 XI.JU4

Penalty on numbered Coaches {dying in tha Streets.

First Offeree, SL10 80s.

Second Offeree, Forfeiture of Licence.

Booking Houses, &c. of numbered Stage Coaches,

A.D. 1808.

C. 87.

48° GEO. III.

Persons mding more than their Fere*, liable te all former Feiwluee.

XI. v And be it further enacted, That if any Hackney Coachman, his Renter or Driver, shall exact or take more for his or their Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he or they shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and in-jii&ed by such Persons, and in such and the like Manner and Form, as by any Law or Laws now in being respecting such Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or Drivers; and that the several Rates and Fares herein-before mentioned shall and may be recovered in fuel} and the like Manner as the Fares of Hackney Coachmen are by any Act or Acts of Parliament nOw recoverable.

" General Issue. — Treble Costs. §12."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers*

SCHEDULE or TABLE (A.)

For every Hackney Coach hired and taken any Distance there shall be paid the Rates and Fares following; that is to say.

For every Distance within Above One Mile.

Above One Mile and a Half Above Two Miles Above Two Miles and a Half Above Three Miles Above Three Miles and a Half Above Four Miles Above Four Miles and a Half Above Five Miles Above Five Miles and a Half Above Six Miles Above Six Miles and a Half Above Seven Miles -Above Seven Miles and a Half Above Eght Miles Above Eight Miles and a Half Above Nine Miles Above Nine Miles and a Half Above Ten Miles Above Teh Miles and a Half Above Eleven Miles Above Eleven Miles and a Half, /

/pne Mile One Mile and a Half Two Miles

Two Miles and a Half Three Miles -

Three Miles and a Half Four Miles Four Miles and a Half Five Miles

Five Miles and a Half Six Miles

Si^ Miles and a Half Seven Miles Seven Miles and a Half Eight Miles; -

Eight Miles and a Half Nine Miles

Nine Miks and a Half Tea Miles

Ten Miles and a Half Eleven Miles Eleven Miles and a Half vTwelve Miles

1

1

2

3

3

4

4

5

6 6

7

8 8

9

9

10

11 11 ta334 «5

d.

6

o

o

6

o

6

6

o

6

6

o

o

6

o

6

o

a

6

6

6

And so for any further Distance after the like Rate and Proposition of Sixpence for every Half Mile* and an additional Sixpence for every Two Miks completed.

schedule;

48° GEO. III.

C»8^> 88.

ate

SCHEDULE or TABLE (B.)

For every Hackaey Coach hired and taken for any Time there shall be pa^d the Rates and Fares following; that is to say.

For any Time within

Above Thirty Minutes

Above Fdrty-five Minutes

Above One Hour

Above One Hour Twenty Minutes

Above'One Hour Forty Minutes

Above Two Hours

Above Two Hours Twenty Minutes

Above Two Hours Forty Minutes

Above Three Hours

Above Three Hours Twenty Minutes

Above Three Hours Forty Minutes

rThirty Minutes Forty-five Minuteq One Hour

K3 One Hour Twenty Minutes

8 u One Hour Forty Minutes

M Two Hours

: Two Hours Twenty Minutes

S Two Hours Forty Minutes

TO s Three Hours

Three Hours Twenty Minutes

1 Three Hours Forty Minutes

J L Four Hours

d

1 o

1 6

2 o

3 o

4 0

7 o

8 o

9 o

ic o

il o

And for any further Time after the Rate and Proposition of Sixpence for every Fifteen Minutes.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, in England,

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS various Notes, Bills of Exchange, and Drafts

W for Money for very small Sums have for some Time past f been circulated or negotiated in lieu of Calli, within that Part of Great Britain called England, to the great Prejudice of Trade and ' publick Credit, and many of such Bills and Drafts being payable under certain Terms and Restrictions which the poorer Sort of Manufacturers, Artificers, Labourers, and others cannot comply with, otherwise than by being subject to great Extortion and Abuse:

4 And whereas an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year#f the Reign of 1:, G. 3. c.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act to redrain the Negotiation ^akd?

of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited ounty within that Part of Great Britain, called England, for presenting the circulating such Notes and Drafts: And whereas

Doubts have arisen as to the Power of Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Offences under the said Act; and it is therefore ex* c pedient that more effectual Provisions should be made for enforcing f the Provisions of the said Act be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all PromHTory or other Proiniflon Notes, Bills of Exchange or Drafts, or Undertakings in Writing, ior IcfstUn being negotiable or transferable for the Payment of any Sum or d«ckred?ow. Sams of Money, or any Orders, Notes or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferable for the Delivery of any Goods,

(pacifying their Value in Money, left than the Sum of Twenty Shillings

384

C. 88.

A.D. 18c?.

Perwfcy on Persons uttering liach Notes,08. to1.

Jofliees may determine on 'tech Offences within 20 Pays.

YVraltyn

Whiteffes not Mending, 40*.

Form of Conviction.

Returnable to the Quarter Sessions.

48 GEO. III.

lings in the Whole, heretofore made or issued, or which (Lall hereafter be made or issued, shall from and after the First; Daw of Cooler One thousand eight hundred and eight, be and the same arc Kerch/ declared to be absolutely void and of no Effect; any Law, Statute, Usage or.Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise not with* Handing.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, by any Art* Device, or Means whatsoever, publish or utter any such Notes, Bills, Drafts, or Engagements as aforesaid, for a less Sum than Twenty Shillings, or on which less than the Sum of Xwenty Shillings shall be due, and which shall be in any wise negotiable or transferable, or shall negotiate or transfer the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence*

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, Riding, 'City, or Place within which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, to hear and determine the same in a luminary Way, at any Timt within Twenty Days after such Offence shall have been committed; a?d such Justice or Justices, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, shall summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorised to administer,) shall convict th* Offender, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be sum-nioned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person accused, and shall neeled or refuse to appear at the Time or Place to be for that Purpose appointed Utthout a reasonable Excuse for such his Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as are di-reded for Recovery of other Penalties under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out, in the Manner and Form following; (that is to say, )

BE* remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B.

having appeared before me far, us] One [or more]of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace [as the Case may be-\ for the County, Riding,

4 City, or Place, [as the Case may he\ and due Proof having been

made upon'Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party [as the Case may be-] is convicted of

[fyecifying the Offence]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or,

our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid*

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County,

Riding*

A.D. 1808. 4* GEG. Ill; C. 88.

Riding, City, or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City, or Place.

VII. Pro tided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fqr any Clerk ox the Peace for any County, Riding, City, or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed by him under the Direction of this Act» to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Person con* visted, as follows: One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the the Offence shall be committed j and in case such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices to prosecute any Appeal against such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, caqfe the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which said Warrant Oi Distress the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made qut in the Manner and Form following; (that is to say, )

4 To the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman of f IJERpAS A.B. of in the County of

is this Day convicted before me [or, us]

1 One [ or more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [at the Case may he] for the County of [or, for the

f Riding of the County of York.f] or for the Town, Liberty,

or District of the Case may be'] upon the Oath

of or a credible Witness or

4 Witnesses [or, by Confession of the Party, ai the Case may be] for that the said A.B. hath \here set forth the Offence] contrary to the f Statute in that Case made and provided, by reason whereof the said A B» hath forfeited the Sum of to be

f distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay:

4 These are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the Good*

and Chattels of him the said A.B. and if within the Space of Five Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum, together ? with the reasonable Charges ot taking the same, shall not be paid, then that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do One-half of the said Sum of to

of who informed me [or, us, as the Case shall be] of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said Sum ot

to the Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place

where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon demand, to the said A.B. the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling

first deluded; anq if sufficient Distress

cannot

1 the said Distress being

083

Copies of Coiw&QPSe

Recovery inf

Application

or PeotkieSt

Form of 0 to Warrant of -

Distrest.

C. 88.

A.D. 180St

*84

Security for Appearance of Party, on Return of such Warrant*,

Offenders may be committed for pint ofpifireb.

Farifhtaam may be Witnesses.

Conri&ioni not removable by Certiorari

Limitation of Actions.

48° GEO. QL

cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B*

whereon to levy the said Sum of that

then you certify the lame to me, [or, us, as the Case shall fe] to-

gether with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [*r9

out Hands and Seals] the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in iafe Custody until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security! to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said Justice or Justices on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant or Distress (such Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of such Security); which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by Way of Recognizance or otherwise,

X. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no sufficient Distress can be had, then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Semoni of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, pr Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Justice or Justices, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions (which Notice of Appeal, being not less than Eight Days before the Trial thereof, such Person 10 aggrieved is hereby empowered to give); and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause* and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper5 and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled from being a Witness in any Prosecution for any Offence against this Act, by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Parish whereii\ such Offence was committed,

XII. Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any A&iqn or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Cale

such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the same and every such Action or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be bad thereupon and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act 5 and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for tnvejt-

ing certain Commissioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts and Expenditure, delating to the Office of Barrack Mqfter General

with certain Powers and Authorities necessary for the Examination

of such Accounts and Expenditure: And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for enabling the Commissioners appointed to

examine the Accounts in the said Act mentioned, more effectually

to carry into Execution the Purposes of the said Act; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en* acted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That k shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed to examine the Accounts mentioned in the said recited Act, and they are hereby required from Time to Time when and as soon as the Examination of any Account shall have been compleated by them, to make up and transmit a Statement thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, specifying all the Articles forming the Charge and Discharge of such Account, and specifying all Sums dvf-allowed by them in such Accounts; and also all Sums which in their Opinion ought to be set Insuper in such Account upon any Persons concerned in such Account; and the Lords Commissioners of*His Majesty's Treasury if they apprbve of the Statement of such Account, shall transmit the same, together with their Warrant to the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, to prepare the same for Declaration, which feud Commissioners for auditing publick

Accounts,

Venue.

[Treble Costs.]

47 G.S.di. e, 13.

Commissioners shall tnnfjnit Statements of the Accounts examined to the Treasury, who shall tmnfinit them if approved, to the Auditors of publick Accounts, who shall prepare the farce fur Declaration.

*85

A.D. 18c#.

tPhen it tppeitt that any Perfooa ought to account fnt publick Money or Stows, Commissionen shall transmit the Names of such Persons with their Heatons to the Treasury, «ho flail direct Warrants to Commissioners to require Accounts to be fathered in.

Coaunifftoneia tinder recited Act iuvrfed with same Powers u thi

C. 89. 48° GEO. III.

Accounts are hereby authorised to make up and prepare for Declaration such Accounts in conformity to such Statements or Warrant* without any further Examination or Investigation of such Account*, or of any Vouchers relating thereto, unless any further Examination and Investigation of such Accounts, or of any Part thereof* or of any Vouchers relating thereto, shall appear to the said Commissios-ers for auditing publick Accounts to be necessary, in which Case the said last mentioned Commissioners shall report their Opinion thereon to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and proceed in such Examination and Investigation; and the said Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts are hereby authorised and directed to cause all Sums which shall be specified as Sums which ought to be set Insuper in any such Statement as aforesaid, apd which shall appear to them to be proper to be set Insuper, to be so set Insuper on the several Persons therein mentioned, or in the Warrants accompanying the same, unless upon such further Examination as aforesaid it shall not appear to them to be proper that such Sums should be so set Insuper, and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things for the Declaration of such Accounts, and for putting in Charge as publick Accountants or Sub-Accountants all Persons liable so to be put in charge upon such Accounts, in order to the securing and recovering of all Sums of Money due to His Majesty on the lame, in like Manner as if the said Accounts had been examined and Statements thereof made by the said Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fot the said Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, and they are hereby required whenever it shall appear to them that any Person or Persons ought to account for any publick Money or Stores that may have passed through his or their Hands, forthwith to transmit to the Loras Commissioners of the Treasury the Name or Names of every such Person or Persons, together with the Ground and Reasons for their Opinion, that it would be (it and proper that such Person or Persons should be made publick Accountants, and if the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury tyould agree thereto, they the said Lords Commissioners are hereby required to issue their Warrant or Warrants, directing the said Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, or the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, to call upon and require such Person or Persons to deliver in their Accounts, regularly attested, within a reasonable Time to be limited by such Commissioners respectively; and such Person or Persons shall be compelled so to deliver in their said Accounts in like Manner as if the said Person or Persons had been re* turned Insuper in any Account declared before His Majesty's Chancellor of the Exchequer; and the said lad mentioned Commissioners are also hereby directed to proceed to the Examination of such Accounts, and to transmit the Statements thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Purpose of having the same prepared for Declaration in the Manner herein-before directed, with respect to other Accounts.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners ajK pointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditures in the Barrack Office, shall be and are hereby invested with, and shall have, use, and exenjife all the Powers and Authorities as to the Exit

3 jobation

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 89, 90.

mination of all Accounts submitted to their Investigation respective-!y; and as to all publick Accountants, Sub-Accountant3, and other Persons concerned in such Accepts, and as to all Matters and Things in anywise relating to such Accounts, or the Lamination thereof, or to publick Accountants, Sub-Accountants, or other Persons concerned in any such Account, and shall slfo he subject and liable to the same Controll], Regulation*, and Directions m every Respect in relation to the Examination of all such Accounts, and in relation to such publick Accountants, Sub-A count ants and other Persons aforesaid, as the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts are in veiled with or now have, use, or exercise, or are subject or liable to under an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better examining and auditing the publick Accounts of the Kingdom / and another Act passed in the Thiry-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, the Duties now performedin the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue; and for air effing the Mode of attejl-lag the Accounts of the P'ay master-General of His Majesty's Forces; and another Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Aff> made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty % for better examining and auditing the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain Cases to allow of Vouchers, although not stamped according to Law; and another Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making more effeffuxl Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the publick Accounts of this Kingdom j and another Act passed in the Forty- seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually charging publick Accountants with Intercjl upon Balances, and for other Purposes relating to the Puffing of publick Accounts s Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize such Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office to prepare or present for Declaration any Account of any publick Accountant, Sub-Accountant, or Person set Insuper, or other Person, which shall have been examined by them, and which shall have been certified by them in Manner dixefted bar this Act.

" Act may he altered or repealed this Session, §4."

CAP. XC.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barrack? respectively, to send and receive Letters and Packets on the Business of their Offices free of Postage.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, and the Commissioners for Affairs of Barracks by virtue of their Offices, necessarily send and receive many Letters and

Packets relating to the publick Service of this Kingdom; and it is

therefore expedient to permit such Letters and Packets to be sent

9 and received free from the Duty of Postage; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in '* this

2SJ

Commissioners for auditing publick Acoouato under die sevenl A els, ril.

ssG.s. c.sa.

3*G.3.c*S3-

41 G. t c. 55.

46 G. a. C. ill.

47 G. 3. ft* V c. 39.

But not to present any Account l«c Dedust*.

s83

Betters and atketsacklrtfltd1 tive Com-c IiGoners of publick

Accounts, or u> tl; e Comnuf-f uners for Bstrcacks, or fbnt J>y the Secretary to either Board, fiuitt be free ol Fufage.

Penalties on Secretaries, &c. for fending any Thing under C over not relating to the Boards, 1001.

0.90, 91- 48^ GEO. III. A.D. 180S.

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Letters and Packets addressed to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, and all Letters and Packets addressed to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs relating to the Duties of the Offices of the said Commissioners respectively, shall be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all JLtters and Packets feut by the Secretary of the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, or by the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively, or in the Absence of such Secretaries' respectively, then by the Chief Clerk of such /Secretary for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs relating to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively in Manner and Form herein after directed, shall be* sent free from the said Duty of Postage 5 and all Letters and Packets relating to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively, which shall be forwarded by the said respectwfe Secretaries or their Chief Clerks respectively as aforesaid, shall be under Covers, with the Words Pursuant to A6F of Parliament, " and44 Auditor's Office,* if sent from the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, and Barrack Office, " if sent from the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, printed upon the same; and the Secretary or some Chief Clerk in the Office from which such Letters and Packets shall be sent, to be nominated from Time to Time for that Purpose by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, in and for each of such Offices, and whose Appointment for that Purpose shall be transmitted to the Post Office, shall write his Name under the same, and they and each of them are and is hereby ftri&Iy prohibited from inclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Secretary or Clerk as aforesaid respectively shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel other than those relating to the Duties of such Commissioners respectively, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds* to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person or £ersons by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance mall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Use of His Majesty.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to.examine Accounts of Publick Expenditures in the West Indies, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts.

[33d June 1808.]

Commissioners appointed under 46 G\ 3. e 80. shall transmit a Statement of the Accounts examined to the Treasury, who shall transmit them, if approved, to the Auditors of publick Accounts, who shall prepare the same for Declaration. §1. — [&* 48 £.2. r. 89.

44 § i.] When it appears that any Persons ought to account for publick

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 91, 92. 289

Money, Stores, or Provisiotis connected with the publick Expenditure in the West Indiet or South America, Commissioners shall ?* transmit the Names of such Persons with their Reasons to the M Treasury who shall require Accounts to be delivered in, &c. 2

[See 48 G. 3. r. 89. §2.]

III. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of Expenditure of publick Money in the West Indies or South America, as specified in the said recited Act, which shall have anfen in part before and in part after the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred an4 ninety-three, shall be examined and proceeded upon by the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act, who shall have and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities in all Respects in relation to the Examination of such Accounts, and the Accountants and all other Persons touching the same, as they would have had and been invested with under the said recited Act and this Act, in case the said Accounts had arisen wholly after the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Accounts having arisen partly.before and partly after Jan. 1, 1793, frail be proceeded npoa in the same Manner as Accounts having arisen wholly after Jan. 1, 1793. §3.

c Commissioners under recited Act invested with same Powers at c< the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts under the Acts«25 G. 3. c. 52.-39 G. 3. c. 83.-45 G. 3. c. 55.-46 G. 3. c. 141. u and 47 G. 3.Jl. 2. c. 39. But not to present any Account for De* u claration. $ 4." [See 48 G. 3. r. 89. §3.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Ju- Poweis of rifdictions, Matters and Things, by the said recited Act or this Act vested in or required to be done by the Commissioners appointed*

under the said first recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid or executed by Two this Act, are hereby vested in and shall and may be executed and Commissionen, done by any Two or more of such Commissioners, or by any One of ft

such Commissioners, in case the Number of such Commissioners remaining in England shall be reduced to One, by the Absence there- Of fye&ed from of any of the selected Commissioners; and all Powers, Au- Commissineis thorities, Jurisdictions, Matters and Things, by the said first recited by One.

Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or this Act, vested in or required to be done by any selected Commissioners, are hereby vested in and shall and may be executed and done by any One of such selected Commissioners singly, in the Absence of the other of such Commissioners, or by any Person appointed to act in the Place and Stead of any selected Commissioner deceased or resigning.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money issued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed.

[23d June 1808.]

" 47 G. 3./. 1. r. 55. §6. recited and repealed."

48 Geo. III.

U

290

C93.

48° GEO. 1U.

A.D. 180S«

Ac. i.«. 27.

is.

O. l. c. 11.

CAP. XCIII. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the First: Tear of King Janus the First, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares\ and also to repeal an Act of the Third Year of King George the First, relating to Gamekeepers.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year (com* 4 W monly called the First Year) of the Reign of King Jams- the First, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against Jbooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and against the deflrojing of Hares Quito Hare Pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; whereby it was amongst other Things enacted, That every Person which should (boot at, kill, or destroy, with any Gun, Cross Bow, Stone Bow, or Long Bow, any Hare, should be subject to the Penalties therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should be repealed: And whereas it is also expedient that a certain other Act passed in the Third Year of

His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to ex* 4 plain and amendfeveraJ Laws therein mentioned for the better Prefer vation of the Game, should be repealed; and that other Provisions

Provision of

a J«e. 97.

fofcr as relates <0 Hares; and recited Act

SG. l. c. 11.

Lords of Manors nay appoint Gamekeepers, whether qualified root. Sec. with Authority so kill Game for their own life, he.

Gamekeepers so appointed shall have the {ame Rights as if guaUM.

should be made relating to the Appointment of Gamekeepers Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provision of the said recited Act of the Second of James the First, and the said recited Act of the Third of George the First, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Lord or Lady of any Manor to appoint and depute any Person whatever, whether acting as a Gamekeeper to any other Person or not, or whether retained and paid for as the Male Servant of any other Person or not, or whether a qualified Person or not, to be a Gamekeeper to any such Manor, with Authority to such Person as Gamekeeper to kill Game within the same for his own Use, or for the Use of auy other Person or Pe*-fons whatever, to be specified in such Appointment or Deputation, whether qualified or not; and no Person so appointed Gamekeeper as aforesaid and empowered to kill Game for nis own Use, or for the Use of any other Person so specified as aforesaid, and not killing any Game for the Use of the Lord or Lady of the Manor for which such Deputation shall be given, shall be deemed or taken to be, or entered or paid for as the Gamekeeper or Male Servant of the Lord or Lady making such Appointment or giving such Deputation as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Person appointed Game-keeper under the Authority of this Act to kill Game for his own Use or the Use of any other Person, shall have the same Rights, Privileges, Power and Authority as if he had been legally gualifie^ and appointed to act as Gamekeeper, to kill Game for the U(e of the Lord or Lady of the Manor appointing such Gamekeeper, under nop Lawt in force immediately helm the passing of this Act.

A.D. 1808 48° Gil6« III. C»94i 959 9* &9

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Session of the First Parliament of Qjieen Anne, intituled, Act for preserving the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares.

[23 d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Scottish Parliament, parted in the Fourth Session of the First Parliament of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, A9 for preserving the Game, it is among

'other Things enacted, That no Person whatsoever shall (hoot So much of Hares under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Scots: And whereas |*«h it is expedient that the lame should be in so far repealed: May it v°"

therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it w Shoodng uf enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ham itptsl«4| Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com*

tnons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said in part recited Act, as relates to the Shooting of Hares, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for cotitiniiing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain ss&s.fl Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, 19* for Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

[23d June 1808.]

[See 46 G. 3. c, I044 to which this Adisprecijely fmilar; incept the Dates.']

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals in England.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS the PraSice of confining such Lunatics and other

insane Persons as are chargeable to their respective Parishes in Gaols, Houses of CorrcSion, Poor Houses, and Houses of Irr- duftry, is highly dangerous and inconvenient: And whereas it is ex*

1 pedient that further Provirton should be made for the Care and

Maintenance of such Persons, and for the ereSing proper Houses for

their Reception, and also for ereSing additional Buildings adjoining

or contiguous thereto for the Reception of other Lunatics: And whereas it is also expedient that further Provirton should be made

for the Custody of insane Persons who shall commit criminal Of-

fences; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That itt shall and may be lawful Justices in for the Justices of the Peace in and for every County within England and Wales, at their reljpeSive General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, J

dr any Adjournment of the same, or the major Part of such Justices fve^ i then and there assembled, to direS Notice to be given in some publick Afylan* Jfewfpaper or Newspapers circulated in or near such County, of

Ua ihdr

Justices of any County may contract; and appoint Visiting Justices for such A/yiuma,

Committee of Justues, to unite Counties, for such Purpose.

Agreement to be entered into, when Counties shall be united. Sched. (No. 1.)

in proposition to the population as returned under 41G. 3. (G. B.) c. lb.

their Intention of taking into Consideration, at their next General Quarter or General Annual Sessions, the Expediency and Propriety ef providing a Lunatic Asylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other insane Persons within the said County, or of appointing a Committee of Magistrates to treat with any One or more of the adjacent Counties to unite* for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, after such Notice being given as aforesaid, shall at their next General Quarter or General Annual Sessions proceed to take the same into Consideration; and if it shall appear to the major Part of the said Justices being then and there assembled, such major Part not being less in Number than Seven, that it is expedient that a Lunatic Asylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other insane Persons should be eroded in and for the said County foie, the said Justices shall nominate and appoint such Number of Visiting Justices as they may think fit to superintend the Building, Erection, and Management of such Lunatic Asylum, and from Time to Time to report the State of their Proceedings to the Court of the General Quarter Sessions.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where it shall appear expedient to the Justices of the Peace in and for any County to unite with any One or more adjacent County or Counties for the Purposes of this Act, and for the providing a Lunatic Asylum to serve for the said feverd Counties, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at th*, r respective General Quarter Sessions, (whereof due Notice shall be given as aforesaid), to nominate and appoint any Number of Justices not exceeding five, to be a Committee for treating with any adjacent County or Counties for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, Thac where the Committees of Justices so appointed by any Two or mere Counties, shall think fit to unite the said Counties for the Purposes of this Act, and shall signify their Inclination and Lefire so to do at a Meeting holden forthat Purpose, an Agreement shall at such Meeting, or as soon as cpnveni-ently may be afterwards, be entered into by the said Justices fib appointed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed (No. i.); which Agreement, when subscribed by the major Part of the Justices so nominated and appointed for each County, shall be binding upon tHfe said Counties $ and every such Agreement shall specify the Place at or near which such Lunatic Asylum shall be situate, and the Propositions in which the Expences necessary for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act shall be charged andaUefied upon the several Counties (o uniting, which Propositions shall be calculated by the said Justices so appointed upon the Numbers of the respective Population of the said several Counties, as itated in the Returns to an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase and Diminution thereof; and the said Agreement shall also specify the Number of Visiting Justices to superintend the Building, Erection, and Management of the said Lunatic Asylum to be appointed by each of the respective Counties so uniting, which Number shall be in proposition to the Share of the Expences so to be charged and a lit fled upon each of such respective Counties, but (b

that

293

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 95.

that a Number left than Three shall in no Case be appointed for any County so united.

V. And be it Further enacted, That whensoever such Agreement shall have been so entered into and signed as aforesaid, the Jifdices so appointed to be a Committee for each County so uniting shall respectively report the same to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for each of the said Counties, and shall then and there deliver into Court a Duplicate of the said Agreement, to be by the Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties entered among the Records; and that the said Justices shall then and there immediately proceed to nominate such Number of Persons as by the said Agreement they may be entitled to appoint to be Visiting Justices of the said Asylum t|U the next Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions, and shall continue annually to appoint such Number of Visiting Justices at each Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Visiting Justices so nominated.d appointed by such County foie or such united Couij-ties, are hereby authorised and required, within Two Calendar Months after such Nomination and Appointment as aforesaid, to meet and afiemb)e at such Place as shall appear to them most convenient for that Purpose (due Notice thereof being previously given to such Visiting Justices by the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace of such County or Counties refoeHively), and that the said Visiting Justices may adjourn the said Meeting from Time to Time or from Place to Place, and meet as often as they shall think necessary; and the said Visiting Justices, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised at their said Meetings to appoint a Clerk and a Surveyor for duly exercising the Powers of this Act, and from Time to Time to receive Plans and Edimates, and contrail for the Purchase of Lands and Buildings, or for the Alteration of any Building already belonging to such County or any of such united Counties, and for building, erecting, altering, fumifiiing and completing such Lunatic Asylum, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereto belonging, and such Contrail or Contrails shall be made and entered into at the most reasonable Rates, and with the most responsible Persons; and every such Contrallor shall give sufficient Security for the due Performance of his ContraH to the Clerk to such Visiting Justices; and all Contrails when made, and all Orders relating thereto, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to such VKiting Justices, and when such Asylum shall be declared to be completed in Manner herein after directed, then such Book shall be deposited and kept among the Records of such County folc, or of such of the Counties so united for the Purposes of this Act as shall have paid the larged Quota or Proposition of the Expences of prpviding such Asylum, to be in-speHed at all reasonable Times by any Person contributing to the County Rates of such County or Counties respectively; and all Buildings or Land so to be contraHed for and purchased, shall be conveyed to such Person or Persons as the Visiting Justices shall think fit, in trud for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and the said Visiting Justices shall from Time to Time make their Report to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of such County or Counties respectively, of the several Plans, Edimates, and Contrails which shall have been made and entered into in Manner aforesaid, and also a Report of the Sum or Sums of Money necessary to be

U 3 raised

Such Averment he reported at Quarter Sessiont.

VHitine Tuftires empowered to contrail.

Appointment of Clerk and Surveyor.

Contract*.

Report to Sessiona.

*94

A«I)» j8of$f

Espeneea shall he defrayed, as County Rates' vuder 12 G. 2. c. 29. 13 G. 2.18.

Justices empowered to borrow Money on Mortgage of Rates. Sched. (No. 2.)

.96. 48° GEO. III.

raised and levied on such County foie as the Expence/ or on egrch of such united Counties as the Quota or Proposition of the Expence to be incurred on the several Accounts aforesaid.

VII.*And in order to defray the Expences necessary for the Ex- ecution of this Act, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions may and shall caufie such Sums of Money as shall have been from Time to Time reported 19 them to be necessary for that Purpose by the Visiting Justices, to be raised in such Manner as Rates are directed to be raised by Two A&f made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying of County Rates, or shall order and direct the same to pe paid out of the ordinary Rate of such County.

VIII. And whereas the Expences of carrying this Act intp Execution may in some Cases become very burthensome on the Occupiers of Land, and other the Contributors to the County Rates, in case the said Expences fttould be raised in the Manney hereinbefore mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That when it shall appear on the Report of such Viliting Justices, that the Charge and Colts of carrying this Act into Execution will exceed One Half of the Amount of the ordinary annual Assessment for the County Rate for any County (such ordinary Assessment to be taken on a mean Prq-portion of the said Rate for the last Five Years preceding)^ that thep and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace within the respective Limits of their Commissions, so assembled in their Quarter Semons as aforesaid, from Time to Time to borrow and take up on Mortgage of the Rates herein-mentioned, by Inline ments in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed (No. 2.), or to that or the like Effect, any Sums not less than Fifty Pounds each, at legal or lower Interest, as to them or the major Pait of them (such major Part not being less than Five) shall appear necessary and expedient for the Purposes aforesaid, and to (ecure all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates to be raised upon such County respectively; and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and by their Order to confirm and establish every such Agreement as aforesaid; and every such Agreement so establiftieg by such Order, and signed by the Chairman and Two or more Justices. prefen t at the Time of making such Order, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the Person or Persons so advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same, on such Terms as in and by such Agreement or Agreements respectively shall be for that Purpose. stipulated 5 and the said Securities shall be numbered in order of Sue* cession in which they shall be granted, and Copies or Extracts of all such Agreements or Securities shall be kept with the Clerk of the Peace or other proper Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions of such County respectively; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered (by indorsing his, her, or their Name or Names on the Back, of such Security or Securities) to transfer and

' /'affip*

*u

A.D. 1808.

48* ge6. in.

-C. 96.

9s

For chjjging4he Rate with a

Sinkiiy; Fuad to reduce tha Principal boROmi

Aeewnti of

fcifign the same, and his, her, or their Right to the principal Money mud Interest thereby secured, unto any Person or Persons; and every such Assignee may in like Manner transfer the same again, and so toties quoties; and the Person or Persons to whom such Security or Securities, or any such Assignment thereof shall be made, and his* or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be Creditors upon the said Rates in an equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies so advanced*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices are hereby authorised and required, not only to charge the Rates to be raised upon such County with the Interest of the Money so borrowed on such Securities, but also with the Payment of a further Sum equal at lead with the Sum so charged for the Interest of such Securities, which said Sums shall be assessed on such County in such Manner as County Rates are directed to be a(Te(Ted by the Laws now in being, and paid and applied under the Direction of the said Justices in discharge of the Interest, and of so many of the principal Sums on the said Securities as such Money will extend to discharge in each Year, until the Whole of the Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said Justices are required to fix One or more Day in each Year on which such Payment shall be made, and shall make Orders for Assessments in due Time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof; and they are hereby required to appoint a proper Person to keep an exact and regular Account of all the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act, in a Book or Books, separate and apart from all other Accounts, and the same to adjust and settle in such Manner that it may easily be seen what Interest is growing due, and what Principal Money has been discharged, and what remains due, and the said Book or Books so adjusted and settled to deliver into Court at every General Annual or Michaelmas Quarter* Sections to be held for any such County; and the said Justices are required at every such Sections carefully to inspect all such Accounts, and make Orders for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution in such Manner as to them shall feexn meet; and if at any Time it shall appear to the said Justices that the Person so appointed has neglected the said Order, and has not duly and without Delay applied the Money in his Hands to the Purposes hereby directed, such Person shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money which shall not have been applied to the Purposes of this Act, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the same shall be paid to the Treasurer of such Alylum to be applied to the Use of the same; and the said Justices on a Day and Hour to be fixed at some General Quarter or Annual Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for such County, f of which Fourteen DayspubUck Notice shall be given as aforesaid,) shall in open Court cause all the said several Securities to be drawn by Lot and numbered for Payment according to the Event of such Drawing, and the Securities so drawn and numbered shall be regularly discharged in Succession according to Priority of such drawn Number,

U4 X. Provided

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

296

C. 96.

Money borrowed shall be repaid within 14 Vein.

Corporations, Givurdians, Tnmees, &c.

empowered to convey Lands.

Application of Purchase Money for Lands in Settlement, &c.

X. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in their respective Quarter Sessions shall and they are hereby required to make Provisions by means of the Rates (which they are hereby authorised to make), and by their Orders and Directions (which they are hereby authorised to give), in such Manner that the whole Money lo be borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall be fully paid and discharged within a Time to be limited, cot exceeding Fourteen Years from the Time of borrowing the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the King*8 most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and also for all Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, and Attornies of any Person or Persons being Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, ' under Coverture or any other Disability, and also for all other Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges which shall be deemed necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to contract or agree for, and to fell, convey, and assure such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Ealements, and Privileges unto such Person or Persons as shall be named by the Visiting Justices, in trust and for the Purpose of erecting or providing such Lunatic Asylum, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereunto belonging; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and efreftual in Law to all Intents and Purposes wh^tfo-ever; any Law, Statute, Usage or Cu from to the contrary not with* (landing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation, Guardian, Committee, Husband, Trustee, or Attorney, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or Cefruique Trust8, or to any other Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and 'Privileges, mall be limited in Settlement, for the Purchase of any such Lauds, Tenements^ and Hereditaments, shall, in case such Sums of Money shall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, be laid out by such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Hufbauds, Trustees, or Attornies, or any Person or Persons seised of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges so limited in Settlement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Fee-(imple, to be conveyed to or to the Use of such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, or Attornies, and to and for such Person or Persons, and for such Efrate and Efrates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such Uses, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges for and in respect whereof such Purchase Money shall be paid as aforesaid shall be limited, settled, and allured, at the JTirae such Purchase or Contract shall be made in Manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking effect, the Charges of such Conveyances and Settlements to be paid in the same Manner as the other Expences relating to the Lunatic Asylum $ and in the mean Time, and till such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, such Money, whether the same shall or shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be laid out by such Corporations, or other Per-

'48° GEO. III. C. p$.'

*91

Justices fall not be concerned in Contia&s.

D igging fa Materials.

font for the Time being interested therein, in some Government Se« curities, in the Names of Two Persons, one to be nominated by the Party or Parties for the Time being interested therein, and the other by the Visiting Justices aforesaid; and the Interest arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements, and Privileges, in case the same had not been fold, or would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, who shall under the Authority of this Act do any Matter or Thing in the Execution hereof, shall be capable of having any beneficial Interest or Concern whatsoever, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person in trust for him, in any Contract or Agreement to be made under the Authority of this Act, or shall for any Design or Plan he may deliver or produce, receive any Benefit or Emolument whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Visiting Justices, or any Five or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorised to empower their Agents or Workmen to dig, take, and carry away any Soil, Clay, Sand, Gravel, or Stone, and to manufacture the same for the rurpose of building, carrying on, fin idling, and completing such Lunatic Asylum, or other Buildings hereby directed to be built, out of, upon, or from any Common or Waste Land, River, or Brook, without paying any Thing for the same; they causing all Pits or Quarries made by such digging and taking to be filled up, or raised and fenced so as not to be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Visiting Justices Justices may sue may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no Action in Name of that may be brought or commenced by or against the said Visiting Juf- ^, r C1"k* tices, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their

Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by of the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Visiting Justices, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk to the said Visiting Justices for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Visiting Justices, Regulations for as well in the Choice of Ground and of Situation, as in determining the Situation of upon the Plans for building or for purchasing and altering Buildings L*u»tk: Afylnins. for such Lunatic Asylums, shall, as far as conveniently may be, fix

upon an airy and healthy Situation, with a good Supply of Water, and which may afford a Probability of the Vicinity of constant Medical Assistance, and pursue such Measures, and adopt such Plans, as shall provide separate and distinct Wards for Male and Female Lupatics, and also for the Convalescents and Incurables, and also separate and distinct Day Rooms and Airing Grounds for the Male and Female Convalescents, and dry and airy Cells for the Lunatics of every Description.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as any Lunatic Justices shall by Asylum so erected as aforesaid, shall be declared by the Visiting Warmnt remove Justices to be completed, and in a fit State for the Reception of

Lunatic* writhe PuiX*'

A.D. 1808.

*0

cfofgeable shall pay the Asylum a weekly Allowance fm ilurm.

Penalty on any Overseer

neglecting to gWe Information to Justice of Lunatic Paupers, )6). to 40*.

t; G.fi. c. 5.§90.

C. 96. 48 GEO. III.

Lunatics and other insane Persons, whereof due Notice shall be given Three Times at the least in some publick Newspaper or Newspapeis circulating in the County or District of Counties united for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices of the Peace acting respectively in and for auy County or Counties at the Expence of which such Asylum shall have been built, are hereby authorised and directed to issue Warrants, upon the Application of the Overseer of the Poor of any Parish situate within such County or District of Counties for the Conveyance of any Lunatic, insane Person, or dangerous Idiot who may he chargeable to such Parish, to such Asylum, there to be safely kept -until he or she shall be duly discharged as herein after directed; and at the Time of such issuing such Warrant every such Justice shall also make an Order upon the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which such Lunatic, insane Person, or dangerous Idiot shall belong, to pay such weekly Sum to the Treasurer of such Asylum, as shall, from Time to Time, be fixed upon by the Visiting Justices as a fit Rate for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing, and Care of such Persons.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish shall wilfully neglect or delay to give Information to such Justice of the Peace of any such lunatic or insane Person who shall be chargeable to such Parish, or to make Application for such Warrant as aforesaid, during the Space of Seven Days from the Time that he shall be acquainted that such Person is so lunatic or insane, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Bounds nor left than Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Distrest and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County within which such Parish shall besituated, which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Information of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath f which Oath such Justices are here* by empowered to administer); and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the same shall be deducted, shall be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other to the Treasurer of the said Asylum, to be applied to the Use of the same.

XIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and make more efftQual the Laws relating to Rogues^ Vagabonds,

and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houfts of Corre8iont it

is among other Things enacted, That whereas there are sometimes Persons who by Lyuacy or otherwise are furiously mad, or are so far

disordered in their Semes that they may be dangerous to be permitted to go abroad, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more

Justices of the Peace where such lunatic or mad Person shall be

found, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to the Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town, or Place, or some of them, to cause such Person so to be apprehended and kept safely locked up in some secure Place

within the County or Precinct where such Parish, Town, or Place

shall lie, as such Justices shall under their Hands and Seals direct and appoint, and if such Justices find it necessary to be there chain*

ed, if the last legal Settlement of such Person shall be in any Parish, f Town* or flace within such County or Precinct$ and if such Settle*

meat

1

A»P»

49° GEO- III.

C-9&

m

meat shall got be there, then such Person shall be lent to the Place of hit or her lad legal Settlement by a Pals, mutatis mutandis* aa

aforesaid, and shall be locked up or chained, by Warrant of Two

Justices of the County or Precinct to which such Person is so lent in ? Manner aforesaid; and the reasonable Charges of removing and of

keeping, maintaining, and curing such Person during such Restraint

(which shall be for and during such Time only as such Lunacy or f Madness shall continue) shall be satisfied and paid, such Charges9being first proved upon Oath, by Order of Two or more Justices of the Peace, directing the Churchwardens or Overseers where any

Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements of such Person shall be, to t seize and fell so much of the Goods and Chattels, or receive so .* much of the annual Rents of the Lands and Tenements as is necessary to pay the same, and to account for what is so seized, fold, or ! received to the next Quarter Seilipns; but if such Person hath

not an Eilat? to pay and fatipfy the same, oyer and above what shall be sufficient to maintain his or her Family, then such Charges shall be satisfied and paid by the Parish, Town, or Place to which such f Person belongs, by Order of Two Justices di reded to the Churchwardens or Overseers for that Purpose Be it enacted, That iu case there shall be a Lunatic Asylum established under the Directions of this Act for the County or i ftr d of united Counties within which the Parish to which any lui. tic or mad Person, apprehended by virtue of the above recited Act, belongs, shall be situated, then such Justices of the Peace who shall by virtue of the above recited Act issue any Warrant for the Confinement of such lunatic or mad person, shall in the Body of such Warrant so issued by them, direct ?md order that such lunatic or mad Person shall be confined in such Lunatic Asylum and not elsewhere; but if no such Lunatic Asylum shall have been established, then and in such Case it shall and may he lawful for such Justices, if they think fit, to order and direct by such Warrant that such lunatic or mad Person shall be confined in any House duly licensed for the Reception of Lunatics under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Madhouses, although such House may not he situated within the County where the Pan(h to which such lunatic or mad Person belongs, shall lie.

XX. And whereas it sometimes happens, that by reason of the < Lunacy and Madness of such Persons the Place of their legal Settlement cannot be ascertainedbe it eiacted, That in case the Place of the last legal Settlement of any lu <atic or mad Person, apprehended by virtue of the above recited Act, cannot be ascertained, then the Justices who shall have caused such Person to be apprehended shall by their said Warrant direct such Person to be cou fined in the Lunatic Asylum for the County or District of united Counties within which speh Person shall have been apprehended, if any such Asylum shall have been established, and not elsewhere; or if no such Asylum shall have been established, in some House duly licensed for the Reception of Lunatics as aforesaid, or in some other secure Place as directed by the said recited Act; and if such Person have not an Estate to pay and satisfy the reasonable Charges of removing, and of keeping, maintaining, and curing such Person, under the Authority of the said recited Act, then such Charges shall be satisfied $nd paid by the Treasurer of the County within which such Person shall

Justices

committing Lunatic under recited Act (haB fend them to the Asylum of the County, or to House liceuhi under

uG.a. c. 49.

Where the lepl Settlement di Lunatics cannot he discovered, Justices shall fend them to the Lunatic Asylum, &£ [See §19}

LonaticAfyHim fell pot be liable to Reception of Lunatics chargeable to anj PJici not contributing.

Justices may agree to unite with A Moms dtahTHhed b j Wuntary Contribution*.

# §3, 4.

C. 96. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 180ft

shall be apprehended, out of the County Rates, by Order of Two Justices to him directed for that Purpose.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AX contained foall extend or be construed to extend to render any Lunatic Asylum which may be provided under the Authority of this AX for the Use of any County or united Counties liable to the Reception of Lunatics or insane Persons who may be chargeable to or apprehended in any City, Town, PrecinX, Parish, Township, or Place situate within the Limits of such County or United Counties, but claiming Exemption, and being exempt from contributing to the County Rate, unless such City, Town, Precinct, Parish, Towndiip, or Place, shall have agreed to unite, and shall thereby have contributed to the Expence of the same under the Powers herein-before given in this Act.

XXII. And whereas in many Parts of this Kingdom Lunatic

Asylum* have been built and established, and others may hereafter

be built and established, by voluntary Contribution, for the Reception and Care of Lunatics of all Descriptions, contributing to the

general Charge of Maintenance, Medicines, and Care, by certain

weekly Payments, according to the pecuniary Circumstances of the

Parties respectively, or of their immediate Connexions, the Excess«of Payments of the more affluent being applied to relieve and lower

the Payments of Persons in more limited Circumstances s And whereas it is fit and expedient to support and encourage such

laudable Institutions, and it may be of great Advantage that Asylums intended by this AX to be ereXed for Pauper Lunatics should be united to or conneXed with such Institutions by voluntary Sub-

feription, be it enacted, That at any Meeting of the Jufbces of the Peace to be held as aforesaid in any County for the Purpose of considering and determining on the Expediency and Propriety of providing.a Lunatic Asylum or House of Reception for Lunatics or other insane Persons, if it shall appear to the major Part of the Justices so assembled, that it would be expedient to unite and join with any lunatic Asylum so built and established by voluntary Contribution, or so intended to be built and established, it shall be lawful for the Justice^ so assembled to appoint a Committee (in Manner here in-before directed to be appointed to treat with any adjoining County or Counties) to treat with and enter into and subscribe an Agreement with a Committee of Governors, DireXors, or Subscribers to such Voluntary Institution, such Committee being authorised and appointed by a Majority of such Subscribers, to be called by publick Advertisement as aforesaid for the express Purpose of making such Appointment; and all Provisions herein-before directed in regard to Counties treating and agreeing with each other, shall be adhered to and be effectual, so far as the same will apply, or as the different Circumstances of the Two Cases will admit; and the Number of the Committee of DireXors, Governors, or Subscribers, appointed by the Subscribers, shall not exceed the Number of the Committee of Justices to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace on the Part of the County; and such Committee of Subscribers, or the major Part of them, shall be competent to enter into and subscribe afly Agreement, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as any Committee appointed under this AX on the Part of any County uniting to treat with any other County so uniting: Provided

6 always

301

48° GEO. III. C. 96.

always, no Agreement so made by any Committee of Justices shall be valid and have force on the Part of the County, until the same shall have been submitted to and approved by the Majority of the Justices of the Peace of the County assembled at the next ensuing General Quarter Sessions which shall be held after such Agreement shall have been entered into,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Lunatics, insane Persons, or dangerous Idiots so committed to such Asylum, shall be safely kept, and that no such Person shall be suffered to quit the said Alylum or to be at large until the Viliting Justices or the greater Part of them, shall order the Discharge of such Person, and shall signify the same in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that if any Officer, Servant, or Assistant in such Asylum shall not with (landing, through Neglect or Connivance, permit such Person in any Case to escape and be it large without such Order as aforesaid, he or (lie shall for every such Offence forfeit and p?y a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County within which such Asylum shall be situated, which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Information of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the same shall be deducted, shall be paid one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said Asylum, to be applied to the Use of the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Lunatic Asylum shall have been established under the Authority of this Act, the Visiting Justices appointed as aforesaid to super-intend the same, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being fewer than Five, shall from Time to Time make such Regulations as to them shall seem expedient for the Management and Con-du& thereof, in which Regulations shall be set forth the Number and Description of Ofncers and Servants to be kept, the Duties to be required, and what Salaries shall respectively be paid to them; and may appoint a Treasurer, and such other Officers and Servants, together with such Number of Assistants as they shall from Time to Time find necessary in proposition to the Number of Persons confined in such Asylum, and may dismiss any such Officer, Servant, or Assistant if they fee Occasion; and shall from Time to Time fix a certain weekly Rate to be paid for each Person confined in such Asylum, which may be sufficient to defray the whole Expence of the Maintenance and Care, Medicines and Clothing requisite for such Person, and the Salaries of the Officers and Attendants; provided always, that such Rate shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Shillings per Week; and that the said Visiting Justices shall annually audit the Accounts of the Treasurer, and report the same to: the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hoi den for the Counties at the Expence of which such Asylum has been established.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Visiting Justices may from Time to Time order all such Repairs, or other Expences as may be necessary for such Lunatic Asylums, and shall direct the £u&e to be paid by an Order upon the County Treasurer, where such

Asylum

Penalty ou Servants in Asylum flittering Lunatics to go at large without Order of Joltice^ lol. to 40S.

Visiting Justices shall regulate Afyluips, appoint Officers,

See § a.

Visiting Justiceft shall direct Repairs of Asylum,

A.D. 1fotfi

30s

Afytnra Exempted from kicreased Rates; fend from Wtnknr Tax*

49 & 40 6.1 t*«4. fca.

When Infftoe Persons charged with Murder are kept in Custody under recited Act,

Justice* shall enquire into their Settlement, and make Order fir their Maintenance.

C. 9 & 48° g£0. fcf.

Asylum shall be established By One County only, or shall apportion the same as afore-mentioned upon each County where such Asylum is established for a Didrift of united Counties, and shall make an Order upon the Treasurer of each of the said united Counties for the Payment of the Proposition to be paid by ftrch County j and that such County Treasurer shall immediately discharge the same out of any Money whidh may then Be in his Hands, under the Penalty of Double such Sum as he shall be directed to pay, to be recovered from him for the Benefit of such Asylum by Action in any of His Majesty* Courts at Westminster by the Treasurer of the find Asylum.*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all future Rates# Taxes, and Levies to be made for any Parish or Plaee in which any* Land or Ground to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act shall be' situate, such Land or Ground with any Building to be erected thereon shall not be assessed to any such Hates, Taxes, or Levies, at af higher Value or more unproved Rent than the same Land or Ground Was at the Time of such Purchase; nor shall any Building or Buildings which, under this Act, shall be erected on such Land, be af-feued to any House or Window Tax, any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of she Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled An Act for the safe Custody of insane Persons charged with Offences, it 16 enacted, that in certain Cdfes therein Specified it shall be lawful for Courts of Justice to direct insane Persons to be kept iit drift Cudody, in such Place and in such Manner aS to such Courts shall ieem lit, until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known $ 4 and that it shall thereupon be lawful for His Majesty to gi*e such Order for the safe Cudody of such Persons during His Pleasure ini such Place and in such Manner as to His Majesty shall seem fit

4 And whereas it is expedient that Provision fhoiud be made for the due Maintenance and Care of such Persons while they shall be fa kept in Cudody $* be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall by virtue of the above last recited Act be kept in fuen Cuf-» tody as a lunatie or insane Person, by Order of any Cqurt or by His Majesty's Order subsequent thereto, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace of the County where such Person shall be so kept in Cudody, to enquire into and ascertain by the best legal Lv»dence that can be procured under the Circumstances of personal legal Disability of such Lunatic, the Place of the lad legal Settlement, and the Circumstances of such Person; and if it shall not appear that he or she is possessed of sufficient Property which can be applied to his or her Maintenance, to make Order upon such Parish where they shall adjudge him or her to be legally settled, to pay such weekly Sum for his or her Maintenance in such Place of Cudody as such Court or His Majesty shall appoint, as shall from Time to Time be fixed upon and directed in Writing by One of His Majesty* Principal Secretaries of State; and that where such Place of Settlement cannot be ascertained, such Allowance shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County where such Person shall have been apprehended; but if it shall appear that such Person is possessed of such sufficient Property as aforesaid, then such Justices shall order and difeft the same to be applied to pay and satisfy the Expence of the Maintenance of such Person, in the Manner directed in the Case of Lunatics and mad

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 9.

Persons by the above recited Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second: Provided always, that the Churchwarden^ and Overseers of such Parish in which the said Justices shall adjudge any Lunatic to be legally settled, or the major Part of them, may appeal against such Order to the General Quarter Scftioas of the Peace to be holden for the County where such Order shall be made, in like Manner, and under like Restrictions and Regulations aa against any Order of Removal, giving reasonaWe Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, who shall be Refpdndent in such Appeal ( which said Appeal the Justices of the Peace assembled at the said Ge* neral Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine, in the same Manner as other Orders of Removal are now heard and determined.

XXVIII. And be it further enuded, That all Providons, Difec* tions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Act contained relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, JDivisions, Cities, Towns, Liberties, and Places possessing separate Jurisdictions; and if relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Vills, Town ships, apd Places maintaining their own Poor, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clausef and with relation to any such Matter or Thing.

SCHEDULE NM.

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the Counties or Ridings, &c.

[as the Case may be] of A.B. and C. \ for the Purpose of providing a Lunatic Asylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and Insane persons, pursuant to the Statute of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed this Day of by and

between the Committees of Justices of the Peace severally appointed for the Counties [or Ridings, Cities, &c. as the Case may be] of A.B. C. to treat for the uniting of the said Counties for the rur* poses of an Act (for the better Care and Maintenance of Paupers and Criminal Lunatics) passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, that the said Counties [&c. as the Case may be] shall from henceforth be united for the Purposes of the said Act, and adopt in all Respects the Provisions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and comply with all the Requisites prescribed by the said Act for Counties uniting for those Purposes; and that a Lunatic; Asylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other Insane Persona, with all necessary Buildings, Courts, Yards, and Outlets, shall be immediately provided at or near

and properly fitted up and accommodated for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act; and that the necessary Expence# attending upon the providing, building, fitting up, Repairs and Maintenance of the said Lunatic Asylum, shall be defrayed by the said Counties so united, in the following Propositions, that is to say;

The County of A, Four-Ninths of the said Expences.

The County of B Three-Ninths of the same. '

The County of C» Two-Ninths of the same [or as the Cafi

t w*

Appeal to Q*rt«r SrfSoo*

fWifiom as to Counties extended tt» Hidings, Ac.

And

304 C. 96, 97. 48° GEO. III. JkJd.iioS.

And we do further agree, That the Committee of Visiting Justices to superintend the Building, Eregion, and Management or the said Lunatic Asylum, shall consist of Eighteen [or, as the Case may be]; whereof the Justices of the Peace for the said County of A. shall appoint Eight, the Justices of the Peace for the County of B. shall appoint Six, and the Justices of the Peace for the County of C. shall appoint Four: And hereunto we, the undersigned Justices of the Peace, being the major Part of each of the said Committees of Justices for the said several Counties, do, on the Part and Behalf of the said Counties, set our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year

SCHEDULE N° II.

FORM of MORTGAGE and CHARGE upon the County Rates for securing the Money borrowed.

WE A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, &c. of \as the Case shall be] holden at

the Day of C.D. and E. F.

Esquire^, Two other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, &c. and auembled in the said Court, in pursuance of the Powers to us given by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [&c. here insert the Title of the AS] Do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the said County, [&c. as the Case shall be'] under the Description of County Rates by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of which G. If. of

hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid towards defraying the Expences of purchasing Lands for building, repairing, [&c. as the Case shall be] the Lunatic Asylum for the said County, [&c. or the United Counties of, &c. as the Case may be] And we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said G. H. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of and Interest for the same, after the Rate of -per Centum per Annum, and do order the Treasurer for such County, &c. or other Person [or the Case shall be] to pay the Interest of the said Sum of Half-yearly, as the

lame shall become due, until the Principal shall be duchaiged, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[23d June 1808.]

M Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, in Manner prescribed by " 48 G. 3. x. chargeable on Supplies for 1808. £ 1. Clauses, Scc.

11 in

305

48° GEO. III. C. 97, 98,

in recited Act, relating to Exchequer Bills, extended to this Act. §2, 3. Interest not exceeding ${d. per Centum per Diem. §4. " Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the Revenue. §5. Bank of England authorised to advance 6, 000, 000l. on Credit of this Act. $ 6."

CAP. XCVIII. An Act for letting to Farm the Dutios on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, and on Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Pod, or otherwise, in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of 4 W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Lord High Treafiurerf or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Pofi and by Times to finch Persons asshould be willing to contradfor the same, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissionera of the Treasury were empowered to let to Farm the several Duties on Horses let to Hire, therein particularly set forth and mentioned to have been granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three

Years, under certain Regmations and Restrictions expressed and

contained in the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Pater in Great Britain, and to grant new and

additional Duties in lieu thereof the several Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire as therein mentioned, and extended in certain Cases by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Time for which Horses might be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty, and other Purposes, and also the Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Licences for letting Horses to Hire in the Manner therein mentioned, were repealed, and in, lieu thereof it was enacted, that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand- eight hundred and four, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties following; (that is to say) for and in respect of a Licence to be taken out Yearly by every Postmaster or other Person in Great Britain who should let to Hire any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Putpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or who 4 /being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire), should let to Hire for a Day or any less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for drawing any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post or otherwise, the Sum of Five Shillings $ and for and in tefpeft of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in Great Britainf the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse,

-48 Geo. nl. X 4 'Marc*

27 G.a. c. as.

for farming Duties onroft Horses, granted

by

*5 G. 3. C. 5). Schedule (B.)

Said Duties repealed by 4 4 G. a. c. 98.

See §1. 3.

New Duties.under G. c. 98.

Schedule (A.)

Schedule (BJ

36

C. 98.

48° GEO. III.

JLD.xfei*

Farmed radar'saG.a. c. 50.

Tttiiury m«y

authorize tho Commissioner* of Stamp* to let toFann the Dutka granted fey 4* G. a. c. 98. for any Term not beyond 1 February 1819.

Mare, or Gelding should be hired to travel, and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days for drawing on any publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in traveling Poll or other* wife, if the Distance at the Time of hiring should be ascertained* the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding should be hired to travel; and for and in ref* pest of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding so hired as last above-mentioned, in any Case where the Distance should not at the Time of hiring be ascertained, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Day for which such Horse, Mare, or Gelding should be so hired, with an Exception of Horses, Mares, or Geldings used in licenced Hackney Coaches, where the same should be employed to go no greater Distance than Ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, which said Several Duties are now by force of the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign secured, raised, levied, and collected by and under the JProvisions and Regulations of the said Acts of the Twenty-fifth and Forty-second Years of His Majesty's Reign, relating to the said Duties so repealed as aforesaid: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Herfes, Mares, and Geldings, hired in the Manner aforesaid, are now let to Farm under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years, which will expire on or before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, and it is expedient that the said Duties should be let to Farm for a further Term, and that some further Provisions should be made for better Securing; the same; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted5' and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time beingi, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, as it shall be necessary, either by themselves or by His Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or some of them, to be authorised for tnfet Purpose, under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to let to Farm the said Several Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of Hones, Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall he willing to farm the Came after the Expiration of the present Leases thereof, in such Separate and particular Districts as shall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorised to be let to Farm* so Sir as the same are applicable and not hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the said Duties shall be let to Farm for any longer Term or Time than until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve*

A.D. 1808.

3«7

48° GEO. III. C. 98.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions contained in and prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be deemed and taken to be in full Force and Enest with respect to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm, and to the letting of the same, and to the Fanners thereof, and to all other Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the same are or shall be applicable and not altered by or repugnant to the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with Reference to the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, authorised as aforesaid, to prescribe the Time for making a Deposit of a Sum of Money, and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Person or Persons who shall contract to farm any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be formed; and in case such Person or Persons shall fail to make such Deposit within the Time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing, and to give Security for the due Performance of such Contract in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, within the Time to be appointed for that Purpose, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, authorised as aforesaid, to declare the Contract void, and to cause the Duties comprised in such Contract to be again put up to be let to Farm, pursuant to the Directions of this and the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Failure mall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing to the contrary contained in an Act of the present Session, for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds and other Instruments, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, no Deputation or Commission to be hereafter granted pursuant to the said several herein-before mentioned Acts, or any oi them, appointing any Person to be a Collector of the said Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable with any higher Stamp Duty than One Pound and Ten Shillings.

V. And, for better securing the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of such Licences as aforesaid, 9 be it further enacted, That the several Licences for, letting Horses to Hire, which shall have been granted pursuant to the said herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, and shall be in force at the Time of passing this Act, and also such as may be granted after the passing of this Act, and before the Thirty-ffrft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall respectively continue in force until the fold Thirty-first Day of January indufive, and no longer; and that from and after that Day all -Licences for letting Horses to Hire, which shall be granted in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, between the Thirty-first Day of January and the Sixteenth Day of March in any Year, shall be dated on the First Day of February, and all Licences for letting Horses to Hire, which shall be granted in pursuance of the said Acts'

X 2 or

Power of 37 G. 3. c. 36. extended to iha

Aa.

Deposit Audi be made bj Contractor* under Order of Treasury or Stamp Office.

Stamp Duty on Deputation* to ColWtor* fluk not exceed ll. 10*.

Period of Licence* for letting Horlee. 31 January annually.

A.D. 1808.

C. 98.

48° GEO. III.

or any of them, at any other Time, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted, and all such Licences respectively shall have Effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty-fird Day of January following, both inclusive, and no longer.

VI.*And, for better securing the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Horses, Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, ' be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty-fird Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where any Person or Persons who shall be licensed to let Horses to Hire in the Manner aforesaid, in pursuance of the said herein-before mentioned Acts or any of them, shall keep any Carriage or Carriages used in travelling, to be furnished at the same Time with any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, by him, her, or them let to Hire by the Mile or 'Stage (other than and except Mourning Coaches used to attend Funerals, which shall remain subject to the same Regulations as heretofore) he, she, or they shall, before any such Carriage shall be so furnished, cause every Carriage kept by him, her, or them, for the Purpose aforesaid, to be numbered with a different Number, beginning with Number One, and proceeding upwards successively to the highest Number of Carriages which he, she, or they shall so keep, and shall also mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, in one or more straight Line or Lines, on the outlidc Pannel of each Door of every such Carriage which shall have a Door thereto, and on some conspicuous Part of each of the Out(ides of every such Carriage which shall not have a Door thereto, his, her, or their Chridian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place where he, she, or they shall keep such Carriages to be furnished as aforesaid, and the Number of every such Carnage, in huge and legible Cha-rafters and Figures of Black or White, whichever shall moll differ from the Colour of the Carriage whereon the same shall be marked or painted, each Letter to be at lead One Inch in Length, and each Figure at lead One loch and an Half in Length, and both Letters and Figures to be of a proper Breadth in proposition to the Length thereof respectively, and shall continue the same on every such Carriage as long as such Carriage shall be kept for the Purpose aforesaid, varying the Numbers on such Carriages from Time to Time as Occasion. shall require, so as to make the same correspond with the actual Number of such Carriages which he, she, or they shall then Penaltj lol. keep; and if any Person Persons so' licensed as aforesaid shall neglect or omit to number, mark, or paint any such Carriage in Manner

aforesaid, or shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted thereon, any false or fictitious Name or Place, or any higher Number than the greated Number of such Carriages which he, she, or they shall then keep, or shall keep Two or more such Carriages with the same Number marked or painted thereon, or shall continue any Number upon any such Carnage after he, she, or they shall ceafd to keep a Number of such Carriages corresponding therewith, he, (be or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds*

Particular* to

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said thr Stamp Office Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, Woekij Accountud every Person and Petfafld so fcefifed w aforesaid shall, indead

Person* licensed to let Horses keeping PolI Carriages (had number the same, and paint their Name and Place of Abode thereon.

A.D. 1808.

3°9

C. 98.

of the Particulars required by the fiud Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign to be inserted in his, her, or their Stamp Office Weekly Account, insert and set forth therein the several Particulars following; (that is to say,) whenever he, she, or they shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, to be used in travelling, the Number of Horses, MarA, or Geldings so let to Hire, the Number of Miles which the same shall be hired to go, the Names of the Towns or Places from which and to which the same shall be hired to go, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the same mall be hired, the Sort or Description of every Carriage, and the Number of every Carriage hereby required to be numbered, which he, she, or they shall fumi(h, together with any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and the Christian and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed therewith, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the same upon every such Hiring; and whenever he, she, or they shall let to Hire, for any Period of Time less than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Hordes, Mares, or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, the Number of Horses, Mares, ' or Geldings so let to hirr, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the same shall be hired, the Sort or Description of every Carnage, and the Number of every Carnage hereby required to be numbered, which shall be furnished therewith, the Christian and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed with the same, the Time for which the same shall be hired, and the Number of Miles which the same shall be hired to go, where the Distance shall be ascertained, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the same upon every such Hiring; and* in case of any Refusal or Neglect to insert the said several Particulars, or any of them, in any such Weekly Account as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and all the Regulations, Directions, Forfeitures, and Penalties contained in the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, relative to the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and not hereby altered or varied, shall be deemed and taken to be in force, and to apply to such Accounts, with such Alterations and Variations as are herein-before directed and required to be made therein.

VIII. And, for preventing Frauds and Evasions of the said

Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign', be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty-nrft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall let to Hire, by the Mile or Stage, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, to be used in travelling, and shall charge the Person or Persons hiring the same a specific Sum of Money for the whole Stage or Distance which the same shall be hired to go, and, not after the usual or any certain Rate per Mile, the Perfor, or Person! letting such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall be accountable for One-fourth Part of the Sum of Money so to be charged by him, her, or them, as and for the Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign in such Case, and shall deliver to the Person or Persons hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, (he like

X 3 Stamp

GEO. III.

instead of tlwfa required by 25 G.O'.o. 51. §37-

Penalty 10L

Perforin charging a specific Sum for the whole Distance shall be accountable for One-fourth of the Amount as the Duty imposed by G.d. c. 98.

3io,

A.D. 1808«

Licensed Persons letting Horses to hire by the Mile, Slc. shall enter Particulars in Weekly Accounts on the Day of letting.

Persons not licensed so letting shall be accountable for the Dntiea voder G. 8. c. 98. and deliver Account to the Collector, on Notice, and pay the Duties.

Penalty lol.and double Duties.

c. 98. 48° geo, in;

Stamp Office Ticket as if the same had been charged for per Mile* except that instead of the Number of Miles there shall be therein expressed the specific Sum charged for the same; and the Person or Per* loos letting such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall also enter in the Stamp Office Weekly Account required to be kept by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, One-fourth Part of the Sum so to be charged as aforesaid, as*and for the Duty payable in respect of such Horie, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and shall pay the same accordingly to the Collector or Collectors who shall be authorised to receive the said Duties; and if any such licensed Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect so to do, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty* first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, all and every Person and Persons so licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hirq by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare, or Gelding to be used in travelling, or shall let to Hire for any less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, shall enter, or cause to be entered in his, her, or their Stamp Office Weekly Account the several Particulars by this Act required to be inserted therein, on the same Day on which he, she, or they shall let such Horse, Mare, or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid; and in Default thereof he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not being licensed as aforesaid, shall, after the said Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horie, Mare, or Gelding, to be used in tra* veiling, or shall let to Hire for any Period of Time less than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be chargeable with and accountable for the Duty or Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding (o to be let to Hire, in such and the same Manner as if he, she, or they had obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and had received such Duty or Duties of and from the Person or Persons hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and shall from Time to Time, upon a Week's Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by any Collector of the said Duties for the County, DistriA, or Place where he, she, or they shall so let any Horse, Mare, or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid, deliver to such Collector, whenever by him requested, after the Expiration of such Notice, a true Account in Writing, signed by him, her^ or them, of every Horse, Mare, and Gelding, which he, she, or they shall have let to Hire in the Manner aforesaid, and shall not then have already accounted for, and of the Duty or Duties payable in respect thereof, and shall thereupon pay to fuen Collector the Amount of such Duty or Duties; and in case of any Refusal or Neglect so to do, then he, she or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Default in not so delivering such Account, and double the Amount of the Duty or Duties which he, she, or they shall be then chargeable with for the Non-payment thereof: Provided always, that where any such Notice

5 ibaty

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 98.

stall have been given, and Request made for the Delivery of such Account as aforesaid, then upon the Delivery of such Account and Payment of the Duty due thereon in pursuance of such Notice and Request, the Person or Persons so delivering and paying the same, ftiau be indemnified and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties which he, she, or they may be then liable to, in consequence of having let to Hire any Hor(e, Mare, or Gelding, in the Manner mentioned in such Account, without having obtained such Licence as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty- Duties not first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where ^iTte^covered any Person and Persons liable to account for and pay any Duty or^Distress. Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of "His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of any Hone, Mare, or Gelding,

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, by him, her, or them let to Hire as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to account for and pay the same according to the Directions of the said herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, to the Collector appointed to receive such Duties for the County, District, or Place where he, she, or they shall have let to Hire such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and such Duty or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Collector, first obtaining a Warrant for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding near the Place where any such letting to Hire shall have been made, (which Warrant shall be granted by such Justice or Justices on Complaint made to him or them, and on due Proof of the Sum due and owing for such Duty or Duties as aforesaid, by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, 1 to distrain such Person or Persons by his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, for the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Distress so to be taken, to detain and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charges of such Person or Persons; and if he, she, or they shall not within that Time pay the Amount of such Duty or Duties, with the Costs and Charges of taking and keeping such Dif-tress, then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be sold by such Collector, who shall render the Overplus of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, if any shall remain after deducting and retaining the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Costs and Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress, to the Person or Persons so to be distrained as aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for such Collector for the Purpose of taking such Distress, to break open in the Daytime any House or Place where any Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons shall be, being thereunto authorised by such Warrant as aforesaid, and calling to his Assistance a Con (table, Tything-man or Headborough of the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place where any Refusal or Resistance shall be made, which said Officers are hereby required to aid and assist therein.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Reporery ef this Act, all pecuniary Penalties amounting to Ten Pounds or up-

wards, and not amounting to Fifty Pounds, imposed by this Act, or by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, may be sued for, recovered, and levied, either in the Manner prescribed by that Act with regard to Penalties amounting to Fifty Pounds,

X4 or

A.D. 1808.

C. 989 99* 48° GEO. III.

or in the Manner thereby prescribed with regard to Penalties not amounting to Fifty Pounds: and all pecuniary Penalties not amounting to Ten Pounds, imposed by this Act, mall be sued for, recovered, and levied in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign with regard to Penalties of the same Amount.

Application of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

Penalties. cf this Act all pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act and by the said several herein-before mentioned Acts, in any wise relating to the said Duties herein-before particularly mentioned, which shall be sued for within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be incurred, shall be divided and go in the Manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Costs of Suit, shall go to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to inform and sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, notwithstanding the Provisions to the contrary contained in the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts; and all such Penalties as shall not be sued for within the Time aforesaid, shall go and belong wholly to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

M Act may be altered this Session. §14."

CAP. XCIX.

jtaG.a. c. la*.

An Act for depositing Prize Goods liable to Duty in Ware-houses under the*Care of the Officers of the Customs and Excise, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Consumption.

[23d June 1808.2

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the 1 Relief of the Captors of Prizes with reJfyeS to the bringing and land

ing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hojlilitits, it was enacted, that any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which should*have been taken as Prize since the Commencement, or might be taken during the Continuance of Hostilities, and which had been*or might be brought into Great Britain by any of His Majesty'a*Ships of War, or by any Private, or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or which had been or might be seized by any Non-commissioned Vessel, or otherwise as Droits of Admiralty should and might upon Condemnation thereof, as lawful Prize be landed in any Port in Great Britain, and secured under the King's Locks in Warehouses provided at the foie Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners, or other Principal Officers for collecting and managing the respective Duties of Customs, and by the said Act certain Rules, Regulations, and Provisions arc? prescribed,

settled, and established for placing such Goods under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Customs in Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that all Foreign Spirits,

4 4 Wine,

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 99.

Wine, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tea, Tobacco, Snuff, and other Goods, 1 Wares, and Merchandize of a Sort or Kind, in respect whereof any

Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, taken as Prize which shall upon

Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize have been or shall be landed in

any Part of Great Britain, shall be secured in such Warehouses as

are herein after in that Behalf mentioned be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, all Foreign Spirits, Wine,. Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tea, Tobacco, Snuff, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of a Sort or Kind, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, t^ken as Prize, which shall upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, have been or shall be landed in Great Britain, shall be secured under the King's Lock in Warehouses provided at the Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners, or other Principal Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so secured in^ny such Warehouse, shall be and remain under the Charge, Custody, and Management of the said respective Commissioners, and the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise respects vely, until the same shall be regularly delivered from and out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption, or shall be actually shipped for Exportation and exported, or shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for any other Purpose, under the Authority and with the Leave of the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful I for the Officers of Excise or any of them, from Time to Time to in-

spe&, examine, gauge, weigh, and take and keep Accounts of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in the same Manner as any such Officer or Officers is or shall be authorised or empowered by any Act or A&8 of Parliament to do with respect to Goods, Wares, or Merchandize -f the same Sort or Kind regularly imported.

IV. j*ud be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, shall be accompanied by an Excise Permit granted according to the Laws in that Case made and provided, and in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse for Exportation, the same and every Part thereof shall forthwith and without any unnecessary Delay, and in the Presence of the proper Officers of Excise he carried to and put on board the Ship or Vessel, in which the same are intended to be exported; and in case the same of any Part thereof shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, after being delivered from or out of the Warehouse, and before the same shall be exported, or shall not be actually put on board such Ship or Vessel, or if the Whole or any Part thereof, shall after being so shipped be unshipped, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or into any Boat (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), or shall be relanded in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the shipping of which shall be so omitted or neglected, or which shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, or shall bu unshipped or relanded,

shall

Foreign Spin*, Wine, See. end other Exciseable Good* taken as Prize fall on landing lie secured in Ware-houses under the King's Lock.

Such Goods shall be in Chare* of Customs and Excise till delivered fa Home Consumption or Exportation.

Officers of Excise fall gauge and keep Account of such' Goods.

Such Goods delivered out for Home Consumption shall be accompanied with an Kxeiie Permit, and Goods for Exportation fliiill bo shipped in Presence of Officer, Sec.

r-

A.D. 1808.

Bond on shipping Wine and Spirits lor Exportation.

Itofmy moy authorize Com-iriiffionen of Excise to increasit er dimintfh ths Strength of Rite Spirits.

Such Spirits ftibje&ed to Regulatioos of Warehousing Act.

43 G. 3. c. 130.

43 G.S. c. 87.

46G.S. c. 137.

.99. 48° Geo. nr.

shall together with the Packages containing the same be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That in respect of Wine and Spirits respectively condemned as Prize, and which shall be taken out of any such Warehouse to be shipped for Exportation, Security shall be given by Bond, as in the Case of Wine and Spirits rel-peftively, which shall have been or shall be regularly imported in the usual Course of Trade, and exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts by Way of Merchandize.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be found necessary or expedient to increase or diminish the Strength of any Prize Spirits condemned as aforesaid, in order to render the same fit and proper to be sold for Home Consumption, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, by Warrant under their Hands to authorize, empower, and direct the Commissioners of Excise to cause any Prize Spirits duly condemned as aforesaid, to be brought to such Strength as shall be thought proper, to render the same fit for Sale for Home Consumption, either by the Admixture of One Part with another, or with Water, or by Re-di ft illation and Adjustment at the Expence of the Captors, Agents, Purchasers, or Proprietors of such Spirits$ and all such Spirits so made or brought to such Strength shall be subject and liable to such Rules, Regulations, and Conditions as are herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all such Foreign Spirits so made or brought to such Strength as aforesaid, under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall be subject to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provision8, contained, provided, settled, or established in or by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, or in or by another Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of Hi* laid present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles mentioned, or in or by another Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the Forty third Tiar of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to he warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to he given by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, as the Case may require, for or in respect of Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits nespectively, so far as the said Rules, Regulations! Restrictions, and Provisions, in or by the said Acts can or may be applied to such Brandy, Rumy Geneva, pr other Spirits.

!LD'i8o8r8° GEO. III. C. ioo — 102. 5Tf

CAP. C.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made In the 47 g. a. ft. y Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects c. 47. the Payment of Prize Money anting from Captures made by Foreign in conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in conjunction with the British.

[23d June 1808.]

Money in hand arising from the Capture of Malta* or from other u Captures made by Land Forces belonging to any Foreign States in " conjunction with His Majesty's Forces, shall be paid over to the Ministers of such Foreign States respectively for the Benefit of the several Captors."

CAP. CI.

An Act for extinguishing the Rightof Way over a Lane or Road Seejua. G. a. leading across the Exercising Ground in front of Chatham c*79m Lines, and for veiling the Soil thereof in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, [23d June 1808.]

CAP. CII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to f>e raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Par- 4sG.s. e»s.

liament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt* Sugar, Tobacco* and Snuff* in Great Britain,

and on Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain ABs as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Pensions; and for re-granting the said

Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively; and the said other

Duties* for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and

eight* it was enacted, that all and every the Persons, who, in and

by certain Acts therein mentioned, made in the Forty-fifth and 45 G. 3. c. 4*. f Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were named 46 G. a. c. ioy.«and appointed Commissioners (duly qualifying themselves) for put-

ting the several Acts therein specified into Execution, within the«several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, f Divisions, and Places of England* Wales and the Town of Ber*

wici-upon-Tweed* should be Commissioners for putting the said Act

into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Duty on Pensions, f Offices, and Personal Estates, unless before the Day therein ap-f pointed for the first Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the «said Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Duties f on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, some Act or Acts of

f Parliament should be made for naming and appointing Special Com- "

{niffionem

3*«

38 G. 3. C. 3.

08 G. 3. C. 30.

CommUTionen

appointed.

38 G.3, c. 5.

Commissionen

appointed for fecothmd.

Qualifications to be the same At required by 38 G. 3. c. 3.

Ci io2* GEO. III. A.D. 180ff«

missionera for putting the said Act into Execution, so f«ra the fame relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices, and Personal £(-

tates: And whereas it is expedient, that other Commissioners should be appointed for putting into Execution an Act made in the Thirty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; of which A A, certain Powers, rroviuons, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were continued for ever, by an Act made io the same Year, intituled An Act for making perpetual', subjeff to Redemotion and Purcfafc in the Manner thereindated, the several Sum* 4 of Money now charged in Great Britain as a I.and Tax for One Teart from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it tnay be enabledand be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Persons hereafter named and mentioned; (that is to say, )

[Herefollow the Names of the Commissioners for England and Wales. 3 Being first duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in Manner herein directed, shall be and are hereby declared to be Com-iuifiioner$ for putting into Execution the said recited Act made so this Session of Parliament, so far as the same relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices, a Ad Personal E dates, and also such of the Pow* ers, Provisiofts, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act made in the same Year within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, in that Part of Great Britain, called -England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons hereafter named and mentioned j (that is to lay, )

\Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for Scotland. 3 Being duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, fhaQ be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act of the same Year, within the several Shires, Stewartries, and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons hereby appointed Commissioners shall have such and the same Qualifications, as are required by the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also of

33

A.D. 1808 48+ GEO. III. C. ioz, 103. 117

an Act mide in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to 3sG.3*.48. alter and amendJo much of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a 4 Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the Quali*

Jieation of Commissioners and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Acts respectively.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any Qualified Personi City, Liberty, or Place, the Qualification of a Commissioner to act, n therein shall consist of Personal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required by the said A£U»^or either of them, to act as such Commissioner in all Cases where such Comuuiffiooen. Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the last Assessment then made for such City,

Liberty, or Place, by virtue of any Act, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftons, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, passed before the making of such Assessment; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That all Persons who shall act as Juf- Justices may tices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may ad as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this Act. 7

CAP. CIII.

An Act for further extending the Provisions of several Acts, for establishing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank, to advance the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[25th June x8o8.j ' Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act passed in the Parlia- Irish Acts,

ment of Ireland, in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second si&-22G.; 3. c.i6.

4 Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for ejlar?r efaMishing blishing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds was e 1 4 subscribed and paid by Debentures issued from His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland; and the Persons who subscribed and paid the same, were, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland*

incorporated by the Name" of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Irelandto have perpetual Succession, subject to a Pro.

yifo or Condition of Redemption in the said recited Act contained:

4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the $ so.

4 Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for extending aiG.a. c.as,

the Provisions of the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twentyfecpnd Years of His Majesty's Reign, the said Governor and Company were empowered to receive Subscriptions for enlarging their aforesaid Capital Stock or Fund of Six hundred thousand Pounds,

in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, so as to make their whole Capital Stock the Sum of One Million: And whereas the said further Sum of Four hundred thou* §3.

bad Pounds was accordingly subscribed and paid; And whereas by

48° GEO. III.

31$ C.IOJ.

A.D. 180S4

7G.8.C. 50.

i9, 10.

I

So much of 91 G.a. c. 39. as reUtes to the determining of the Annuity thorein

the said recited Act of the Thlrty-finft Yew aforesaid, so much of the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as related to the ceasing and determine ing of the said Corporation, was repealed; and it was provided,

that the said Corporation might be custolved upon Twelve Months Notice after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred

and sixteen, upon the Terms and Conditions in the Act of the Thirty-first Year aforesaid mentioned and specified: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for further extending the

Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty*

second Years, the said Governor and Company were empowered to receive Subscriptions for enlarging the said Capital Stock or

Fund of One Million, in any Sum not exceeding the further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock, so as to make the whole Capital Stock the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds; and the said further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds was accordingly subscribed and paid; and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, it was provided that the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds should be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland at a Loan, and that

there should be paid from the Exchequer of Ireland to the said Go*

vemor and Company an Interest or Annuity of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, being a Sum equal to the Amount of the whole Interest on the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per jfnnum; and also that there should be paid from the said Exchequer to the said Governor and Company, a further Annuity of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, for every One hundred Pounds of the said Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Nineteen Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds was made payable to the said Governor and Company, for the before-mentioned Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas it will promote the Extension of publick Credit, and tend to the Furtherance of Commerce in Ireland, if the Capital Stock of the said Bank were in* 4 creased by the Addition of a further Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Million, and if the Term for the determining of the said Corporation were extended upon the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned: And whereas the said Governor and Company are willing and have agreed to advance towards the Supply granted to Your Majesty, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, upon the Terms and Conditions herein after in that Behalf mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Part of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the determining of the Annuity in the said Act mentioned, and to the dissolving of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank

A.D. 1808. 43° GEO. III. C.xoj.

of Ireland, upon the Notice and Payments in the said Act mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and their Successors, for ever, shall remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name of u The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland" aforesaid, and shall for ever have, receive, and enjoy the said several Annuities of Thirty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thou* land Pounds in the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid mentioned, and shall also have, receive, and enjoy the said Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Nineteen Years from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in the said last recited Act also mentioned $ together with all Abilities, Capacities* Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, to which the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland now are or before the passing of this Act were entitled by the said several herein-before recited Acts, or any of them, and by their Charter $ and the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged from the said Condition of Redemption: Subject nevertheless to the Conditions and Provisions in this present Act mentioned and contained*

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or taken to extend in any wise to alter, prejudice, or affect the Construction, Effect, or Operation of the Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Poptfb or Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland, touching any Right or Privilege whatsoever, of which His Majesty's said Subjects are by the said Act rendered capable.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, so soon as they shall thinx proper, to receive Subscriptions from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for enlarging their Capital Stock or Fund of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, so as to make the whole Capital Stock the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and for providing a further Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds towards completing the afore-mentioned Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, provided the Whole thereof shall be subscribed and paid on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, which Subscriptions shall be made at the Rate of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds Irish Currency, for every One hundred Pounds of such additional Stock $ and the Money for such additional Stock shall be paid in such Manner and Form, and by such Instalments or Propositions, as the Court of Directors of the said Bank shall from Time to Time appoint, so as that the Whole of the said Subscription shall be subscribed and paid on or before the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine; and the Capital Stock of One Million subscribed and paid for, shall from and after the Time of such Payment be deemed and taken as and for a Part of the Capital Stock of the said Corporation; and the

&l9

mentioned, and to the dissolving the said Bank, repealed.

Bank shall remain a Corporation.

Not to aJfedk Irish Act, as G.a. c.ai* as to Papitt*.

Bank empowered to incieafe their Capital by One Million additional.

A.D. 1808.

BMfcmls fall lie paid on additional Stock,

Pirfcrrnc* shall be given in Shbfrriptions / to on»ft*nt Prifprictois.

Penalty 00 Perfom failing in making their Payments.

Francers may be

bubferiben.

c. 103. 48° GEO. III.

the Subscribers thereto, from and after the Time of making full Payment for such additional Stock, and their respective Executors, Administratars, and Assigns, shall at all Times be Members of the said Corporation and incorporated therein, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be subject and liable to all Regulations, Rules, and Orders, to which the present Stockholders and Members of the said Corporation, in respect of the Stock held by and belonging to them are respectively entitled, subject, and liable unto, by the said fevers! Acts of Parliament herein-before recited, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants or Charters whatsoever now in force, or by any Bye Law of the said Corporation or otherwise howsoever} and the said additional Stock shall be transferable and assignable in like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders thereof shall hold their respective Shares of the said additional Stock in like Manner as the respective Stockholders of the said Corporation now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective Sums belonging to them in the present Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and the same shall in all Respects be consolidated and united as One Joint Stock.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall and may from Time to Time make and pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock, as they shall make and pay to the Proprietors and Holders of the present Stock of the said Corporation; the first of which Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be specified in the Proposals or Terms to be offered for such Subscription by the said Court of Directors.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Court of Directors shall and they are hereby required to give the Option and Preference in subscribing for the said additional Stock, to such Persons as shall hold the Stock of the said Bank at the Time or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, so far as and not exceeding upon the Whole of the said Sum of One Million, the Amount of Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per Centum on the said present Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, which shall be then held by each Stockholder so subscribing, and in the same Proposition for any Sum left than the said Sum of One Million, which may from Time to Time be subscribed for and paid; and all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, shall be indemnified in making such Subscriptions and Payments.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any Person, after having subscribed, shall fail to make any of the Payments agreed, at the respective Times appointed for making such Payments, then % and in every such Case all Deposits and Payments made by such Defaulters previous to such Default shall be forfeited to and become thd Property of the said Corporation; and in case all the Proprietors of the said Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, shall not fabferibe for their respective Propositions of the said Sum of One Million, then such Deficiency shall be dispofrd of to such other Persons as shall be willing to subscribe for the same in such Propositions as aforesaid; and in case any Proprietor or Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to subscribe and pay-his, her, or their Share of the Monies so to be paid at the Time or Times aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and their Successors, not only to Hop the Share or Dividend of the

Funds,

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 103.

3*f

Funds, Stocks, or Profits of the said Company, which shall from Time to Time become payable to such Member or Members so neglecting or refilling, and to apply the same from Time to Time for or towards Payment of the Share of the Money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such Member or Members so neglecting or refuting, until the same shall be satisfied, but also to flop the Transfers or Assignments of the Share of every such Defaulter, and to charge every such Defaulter with an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Monies so by him, her, or them, omitted to be paid, from the Time the same were appointed to be paid, and the Interest thereof; and in case the Principal and Interest shall be unpaid by the Space of Three Months, then the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall have Power to fell so much of the said Stock of every such Defaulter as shall satisfy and pay the same, rendering the Overplus to the Proprietor, if any be.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from the Time the said Sum of One Million shall be subscribed and paid in under the Provisions of this Act, the said Corporation may borrow or give Security for any Sum or Sums, so that they shall not owe at any one Time more than a Sum equal to the said Sums of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; any Thing in the said herein-before recited Acts or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to advance arjd lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, the afore-mentioned Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irt/b Currency, any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be paid on or before the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, by such Instalments as are herein after mentioned; that is to say. Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Sixth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; the further Sum of Ten Pounds prr Centum on or before the Twentieth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of August then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of 0Sober then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of November then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds far Centum on or before the Tenth Day of December then next follow-

and the remaining Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum on or Tore the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and and the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thou-

When On# Million is subscribed. Corporation may borrow Money.

Bank empowered to lend 1, 350, 0001, to Government by Infalments.

ing;

beto

nine:

sand Pounds, or any Part thereof, as the same shall be so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, shall be a Loan to His Majesty towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of His Majesty in Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 1

48 Geo. III. Y IX. And

A.D. 1808.

3*

Interest on liiftalmenti ct A* per Cent.

and after Pk^ment of the Whole, an Annuity of 69, 500t. payable Half-yearly.

Bank Corporation may be diflbhred on Notice, after 1st January 1W7.

If bid Sam of

l, flso, 000U not paid before 4th January 1809, be#

C. 103* 48b GEO. III.

IX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for each and every Inilalment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, from the Day of the Payment of such Inilalment, until the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds by the Year for each One hundred Pounds, and from and after the said Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the complete and full Payment of the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, an Interest or Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds Irish*Currency, being a Sum equal to the Amount of the whole Interest of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds,

at the Rate of Five Pounder Centum ter Annum; which Sum shall be paid thenceforward by two equal Half-yearly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, without any Defalcation or Abatement; the First Payment of the said Annuity or Interest to be made on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at any Time after the First Day of January which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, upon Twelve Months Notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the said Corporation of the Bank is to be dissolved, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or their Successors, as well of the said Suni of Six hundred thousand Pounds in Debentures mentioned in the said recited Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, as also of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds in Money, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as aUo of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in this present Act mentioned, and also of all Arrears of the several Annuities of Thirty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year and of the said Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for each One hundred Pounds, for Nineteen Years, if any such Arrears shall then be due, and of the Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, in this present Act mentioned; or at any Time previous to the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, upon like Re-payment, by and with the Desire and Consent of the said Governor and Company, to be signified by them, by their Petition in Writing, sealed with their Cortftnon Seal, and ad-drafted to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; then, and in such Case, the said several Annuities shall, from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months after such Notice published, cease and determine, and the said Corporation shall be dissolved.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall not be paid into the Exchequer of Ireland before the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, or if the Whole of

the

A.D. 1808.

9*J

48° GEO. III. C. 103.

the said Subscription of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall not be subscribed and paid into the said Bank, in Manner herein-before mentioned, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, then, and in any inch Case, the said Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, or the Proprietors of the said Stock thereof, shall not receive any Benefit by this Act, and the said Corporation shall be subject to be dissolved at the Time mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty-first Year aforesaid, in the Manner and on the Terms mentioned in the said recited Acts of the Thirty-first and Thirty-seventh Years aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and in such Case every Person who shall have subscribed and paid any Sum to* wards the said Sifm of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be entitled to and shall receive from the said Governor and Company such Sums as shall have been subscribed for and paid by them respectively, with such Interest or Dividend for the Proposition of the same, which is intended to be a Part of the Capital Stock, froin the Time the same shall have been paid, as any Proprietor of any Part of the said Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pourtds shall be then entitled to in respeffc thereof, and with an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum for* such remaining Part thereof, as shall have been subscribed towards completing the Excefs of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds above the Sum of One Million Capital Stock.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if at any Time before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office for the Time being, shall be desirous and intend to redeem the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds on Re-payment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency in Money, and of such his or their Delire and Intention shall give Six Months Notice to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to repay the said Sum of One million two ^hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company 5 and upon such Re-payment, together with all Arrears of the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, the said Annuity shall cease and determine j any Thing in this Act to the.contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds shall be redeemed by Re-payment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, upon such Notice as aforesaid, the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall forthwith, on Receipt thereof by the Directors for the Time being, be invested by them in Government Securities, for the Use of the said Governor and Company of the Bank, and shall remain fb invested during the Continuance of the said Corporation under thja Ad; and the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of such Government Securities so to be purchased with the said One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be received by the said Governor aijd Company, and for their Use, in like Manner ar the said Annuity ol

Y 2 Sixty-two

Bank Corporation miy be dissolved, asunder 31 G. 3. St 37 G. 3,

Treasury may repay the Loan to the Bank at any Time on Six Months Notice,

On such Repayment, dm said Sum shall be vetted in Government 9ecuntiet, for the Use of dm Bank.

3*4

Btnkflull luanage the uul>l<i: k Debt of Ireland, and pay Dividends without Expence to Government.

Present Powers of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud.

ISefent Ppweia of the Trinity House of Dov«r.

C. xoj, 104. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever-

XIV. And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank '.of Ireland are willing and have agreed to continue the Management ' in Ireland of the publick Debt of Ireland, and of all Loans which shall at any Time be made for the Service of Ireland, free.of all ' Charge and Expence whatever for such Management, or for their ' Trouble, in the Payment of the Interest of the National Debt of ' Irelandt from Time to Time during, the Continuance of the said ' Corporation, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of their Charter, and until the said Corporation shall be dissolved

furfuant to the Provisions of this Act, pay and continue to pay all nterect, Annuities, and Dividends payable at the said Bank, in re* sped of the National Debt of Ireland, or in respect of any Fund or Stock created or to be created in conference of any publick Loan for the Service of Ireland, without making any Charge to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, for their Trouble or Expence in so doing; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilot* age of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Ships and Vessels have frequently been wreeked, and many Lives and much Property have been loft, from the ' Ignorance and Misconduct of Persons taking Charge of such Ships or Vessels as Pilots: And whereas the Corporation of Trinity ' House of Deptford Strond have, as well by Usage for more than ' Three Centuries as by Grants from the Crown, and under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, been empowered to appoint Pilots, Loadfmen, or Guides, to conduct Ships or Vessels into and ' out of and upon the River of Thames through the North Channel to or by Orfordness and round the Long Sand Head through the

§ueen*s Channel or other Channels into the Downs, and from and by rfordness, and up the North Channel, and up the Rivers Thames and Medway9 and the several Creeks and Channels belonging or run- ning into the same, and to make such Orders and Constitutions as*should be needful for the wholesome Government of Seafaring ' Men and Maintenance and Increase of Navigation, and of all Sea-« faring Men within the said River of Thames; in pursuance of which Powers the said Corporation have from Time to Time appointed a sufficient Number pr Pilots for the Purposes before mentioned: And whereas there hath been Time out of Mind, and now is, a«Society or Fellow ship of Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover9 Deal9 and the Isle of Thanet9 who have had the Pilotage and Load* # manage of all Ships from the said Places up the Rivers Thames and

JHedway j

A JX j 808

3*5

48° GEO. III. C. 104.

Medway; which said Society or Feilowship have been confirmed by

various Acts of Parliament for regulating the Pilots of the Society or Fe'llowfiiip of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the IJlt of Thane!f 4 commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, notwithstanding which many

Persons not having Licence or Authority, or competent Know-

ledge or Experience, have taken upon themselves to act as Pilots for conducing Ships or Vessels to and from and upon the said Rivers, to the great Hazard of such Ships or Vessels and their Cafgoes, and the Lives of their Crews: And whereas the Provisions of the said Acts have been found inadequate to the Regulation of

Pilotage and the Prevention of such Mischiefs, and it is therefore ' necessary that further and more effectual Regulations should be made

for that Purpose, and that all the Provisions and Regulations relating to the several Descriptions of Pilots aforesaid should be repealed: And whereas Acts of Parliament have been passed for efta-

blifiiing separate and peculiar Jurisdictions in relation to Pilotage in «certain Ports and on different Parts of the Coast of England, which

by reason of the same being limited have been found insufficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby, and it is therefore necessary that more effectual Regulations should be made in relation

to Pilotage on the Coasts of England: And whereas it is necessary for duly enforcing the Laws respecting Quarantine, on which the Health of His Majesty's Subjects euentially depends, that the Names and Places of Residence of all Pilots in England should be

known by those whose Duty it is to convey Information respecting

those Laws from Time to Time to them: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all

and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, ^sumrtSllois Matters, and Things relating as well to Pilots appointed by the said repet>i2i. Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond as to Pilots of the [See Statute* Fellowship of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, and to the Pilot- a O.1. c. 1a. age by and Regulation of all such Pilots as aforesaid, and also as to*lm CaS1* the Conduct of all Persons in Matters of Pilotage, within the Juris- 43*3* did ion of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford 47 G. a! yi. a.*Strond and the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, which are contained in c. any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except only so far as such Acts relate to any Rates of Pilotage due or to become due before the Commencement of the respective new Rates to be estabii(lied under the Provisions of this Act, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred, or any other Act, Matter, or Thine done or to be done before the Establishment of the new Rules and Regulations which are to be.made under the Provisions of this Act, or before the Commencement of the Operations of any of the Provisions of this Act in relation to any such Matters as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day From Oft 1, ' of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall be lawfhl 1B0*»

for the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity, -

or Brotherhood of the Most Glorious and Undivided Trinity and of shall

St. Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond in the County of Kent, licence fit Persons (commonly galled The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford as Pilots to*Y 3 Strond,) woduAtii

A.D. 1808.

3 26

Vdfeb within certain Limits, and none othera IWlmft, except si herein oicepted.

Pilots heretofore duly appointed, nay continue toift,

Pates in Schedule (AO may be demanded by Pilots.

Pilot* JM

pay annually Three Guinea* to the Corporation of Trinity House of i)tpt-ford on Penalty elSiripcn&itt

O* 104* u^8° GEO. III.

Strand,) and they are hereby required to appoint and Kcenle under their Common Seal, fit and competent Persons, duly (kilied, as Pilots, for the Purpose of conducing all Ships and Vessels failing, navigating, and passing up and down or upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and all and every the several Channels, Creeks, and Docks thereof or therein, or leading or adjoining thereto, as well between Orfordness and London Bridge, as from London Bridge to the Downs, and from the Downs well ward as far as the IJlc of Wight, and in the English Channel from the JJle of Wight up to London Bridge, which Vessels shall be conduced and piloted by such Pilots so appointed and licensed, and by no other Pilots or Persons whomsoever, except Pilots appointed by the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the IJlc of Thanet, (commonly called Cinque Port Pilots,) so far as such rilots are hereby authorised to pilot Ships and Vessels from the West ward up to London Bridge, and from don Bridge downwards to the West ward; that is to say, from any Port or Place between the Isle of Wight and the said Bridge, according to the Provisions in that Behalf herein-aftor contained, and also save and except, as well all Colliers as also all Ships and Vessels trading to Norway and to the Cattegat and Baltic, and likewise round the North Cape and into the White Sea, and save and except all constant Trades inwards from the Ports between Boulogne inclusive, and the Baltic, such Ships and Vessels having British Registers, and coming up or going down the North Channel by Orfordness, but not otherwise; and hk^wife save and except all Coasting Vessels, and all Irish Traders using the Navigation of the River of Thames as Coasters: Provided always, that it shall be lawful, after the passing of this Act, for any Pilot or Pilots heretofore appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, or by the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the JJle cf Thanet, to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel within such Limits as such Pilot or Pilots might lawfully have conduced and piloted the same before the gaffing of this Act, under and by virtue of the Licences or Authorities granted to such Pilots respectively as aforesaid, which respective Licences shall continue in force notwithstanding this Act, so that such Pilots respectively do in all Things conform themselves to the Provisions of this Act, and the Rules and Regulations to be established under the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of Q&ober One thousand eight hundred and eight, the respective Rates or Prices herein after enumerated in the Table marked (A.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be lawfully demanded and re?

ceived by any Pilot licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity Houfp of Deptford Strand, for the piloting or conducting of any Ship or Vessel from Place to Place, as expressed in the find Table; and fhat no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument, shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, be demanded, fohated, or re? ceived, than such Rates or Prices.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Pilot already appointed or to he appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of t)eptford Strand, under the Authority of this Act (except only such Pilots as shall be appointed by the And Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination by any Sub-Commissioners of Pilotage, as hereby directed) shall from fune to Time and at

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 104.

all Times hereafter pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same on their Behalf, t)ie Sum of Three Guineas, in the Month of January yearly, which Payment shall be accepted by the said Corporation in lieu and Satisfaction of and for all the ancient and accustomed Duties payable by such Pilots to the said Corporation, under the Provisiona of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of George the Second, or any other Statute or Charter whatever, and shall be applied for the Ufc and Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation (after first defraying the reout the Expencee incurred by the said Corporation) from Time to Time in carrying this Act into Execution; and in case such annual Payment shall not be duly made by the said Pilots respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to suspend the Persons so making Default from acting as Pilots, until due Payment shall be made of such annual Sums.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as a Pilot for the Rivers of Thames or Medway, or the Channels leading thereto or therefrom, under the Provisions of this Adit, who shall not have served as Mate for Three Years on board a square-rigged Vessel, or shall uot have been in the actual Command of a square-rigged Vessel for One Year, or who shall not have been employed in the Pilot Service of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond tat Seven Years, or who shall not have served an Apprenticeship of Five Years to some Pilot Vessel licensed under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be licensed or be allowed to take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Water in the Rivers of Thames or Medway, or any of the Channels thereof, until such Person shall have been licensed, and shall have acted as a Pilot for Three Years under lawful Authority, on pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the Person acting as such Pilot, as also by the Master or Commander, or other Person having charge of such Ship or Vessel, who shall permit any such Person to take charge as a Pilot of the lame, contrary to the Provision aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, take charge of any Ship or Vessel as a Pilot belonging to the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, before he Audi be examined by the Master and Two Wardens, or by Four Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship for the Time being, touching his Abilities, and shall be approved and admitted into the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, fit a Court of Loadmanage, holden by the Lord Warden of the Cinque ports, for the Time being, or his Deputy, and the Commissionert for Loadmanage for the Time being; and if any Person shall pvefume tq act as a Pilot belonging to the said Society or Fellowship, without having been so examined, approved, and admitted as aforestud, every such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit Ten Pounds, for the Second Twenty Pounds, and for every other Offence Forty Pounds,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master and such W91-or Fellowship of Pilots of the

Y*

Trinity Hopfe

&ns of {he fiud Society

327

No Person JhJtt be licensed m s Pilot unteli qualified as herein specifiWL

TUI a Pilot has afied Three Yean he shall not pilot a Ship drawing more than fourteen Feet Water. Penalty 10I.00 Pilot and Captain.

No Cinque Port Pilot shall take Charge oP any Ship till he has been admitted.

Penalty 10L ad. and 40h

Oath of Mailer and Wardens of Ttiuitj House

A.D. 1808.

328 C. 104. 48° GEO. III.

Vmer, cxa-

jnining Pilots. Schedule (C.)

Rates in Schedule (B.) may be demanded by such beenfed Pilots.

A suficient Number of Cinque Port pilots shall constantly ply to take Charge of Ships corning from the West-ward } and on making Signals ot Fleets from the West ward, all Pilots shall prepare to go off.

penalties 201. &c.

Masters of Ships from the West-ward not having a Cinque Port Pilot, shall display a Signal For one, and facilitate his

getiing on hoard.

of Dover, Deal, and the JJle of Thanet % as shall be appointed from Time to Time, to examine into the Skill and Ability of any Person on his being first admitted as a Pilot into the said Society or Fellow.-ship, shall take the Oath marked (C.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to be administered to him by the Register of the Court of Loadmanage, who is hereby authorised to administer such Oath.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and pfter the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, the respective Rates or Prices herein after enumerated in the Table marked (B.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the JJle of Thanet, for the conducing of any Ship or Vessel flora Place to Place, as expressed in the said Table; and that no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument shall, under any Pretence whatever, be received than such Rates or Prices.

VX. And be it further enacted, That a proper and sufficient Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports, not less than Eighteen at any one Time, and in Succession from Time to Time, without Inter* million or any unnecessary Delay, shall, at all seasonable Times by Day and Night, constantly ply at Sea, or be afloat between the South Foreland and Dungeness, to take charge of Ships and Vessels coming from the We Award, and proper Signals shall be established, to be made at and from Signal Houses now erected, or which may be erected on commanding Situations near to Dover, to give Notice of Fleets' of Vessels coming from the West ward; and upon the making of any Signals, giving Notice of the Approach of any Fleet from the Westward, all Cinque Port Pilots not on Duty at the Time, shall, according to such Rules and Regulations as to Number, Rotation, or otherwise as shall be made in that Behalf, forthwith prepare to go afloat, and shall go off in sufficient Time to fall in with such Ships and Vessels, on pain of forfeiting, in case of Neglect herein, for the First Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Second the Offender shall be suspended from acting as a Pilot for Twelve Months* and for the Third Offence shall forfeit his Licence to act as such Pilot, and shall be rendered thereby incapable of acting the reafter as ii Pilot.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel coming from the West-ward, and bopnd to any Place in the Rivers of Thames or Medway, not having a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, shall, on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel off Dungeness, and until she shall have patted the Buoy of the Brake, or a Line to be drawn from San-down Cattle to the said Buoy, (unless in the mean Time (he shall have received a proper Cinque Port Pilot on board) display and keep flying the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on board; and if any duly qualified Cinoue Port Pilot shall be within hail, or approaching and within Haifa Mile, with the proper distinguishing Flag or Vane flying in his Vessel or Boat, the Matter or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, by heaving to in proper Time or by all practicable Means, confidently with the Safety of the Ship or Vessel, facilitate such Pilot getting on board, and shalljgive the Charge of piloting of his Ship or Vessel to such Cinque Port Pilot; and every Person commanding any such Ship or Vessel, who shall decline to

takq

A.D. 1808.

48 GEO. III. C. 104.

take any such Cinque Port Pilot on board, or to give such Charge of his Ship or Vessel to such Pilot, or who shall not heave to, or other* wife facilitate such Pilot coming on board as aforesaid, shall be subject to the Penalties by this Act imposed for neglecting or declining to take on board a Pilot, and for navigating his Vessel without a Pilot, contrary to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel bound to the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall anchor any where in the Downs between the South Foreland and a Line drawn from Sandown Cattle and the South Buoy of the Brake9 having anylicensed Pilot other than a Cinque Port Pilot on board, it shall be lawful for a Cinque Port Pilot to repair on board the same, at any Time before such Ship or Vessel shall have been at an Anchor One Hour, with the Signal for a Pilot flying, and to take Charge of her up the said Rivers, but not otherwise.

XII. And whereas, great Convenience to Trade will arise by putting an End to the present prevailing Usage of Cinque Port Pilots quitting Ships or Vessels at Gravesend, or elsewhere in the

Thames or Medway, at their Discretion be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months next after the passing of this Act, if any Cinque Port Pilot, taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravefendy or in any other Part of the Thames, or in any Part Of the Medway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the said Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, without the Consent of the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless some other duly qualified Pilot shall, with such Consent, come on board, and shall take the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel for the Residue of the Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vessel into the Rivers, Thames or Medway, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules and Regulation^ to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Destinationi

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, with the Assent of the Commissioners of Loadmanage, and of the Matters and Wardens of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Dealy and the Me of Thanet, or the major Part of them, at an Assembly commonly called A Court of Loadmanage, to be held by the said Lord Warden or his Deputy, 'shall, within Four Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, proceed to make and shall make sufficient Rules and Orders for enforcing the due Observance of the Provisions of this Act by all Cinque Port Pilots, and for providing for the good Government and Regulation of all such Pilots, as well relating to the Services of the said Pilots in going off to and taking Charge of and con-dufting and navigating His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and the Ships and Vessels in His Majesty's Employ, and also all Ships and Vessels whatever and wheresoever, within the proper and usual Limits of such Pilots, or wherein they shall for the Time being aft or be, and for effectually securing the Performance of all the Duties and Services of such Pilots at all Times & which Rules and Regulations when so made

6 shall

Cinque Pmt Pilau may repair 00 bond Ship* at anchor within certain Distances, not having such Pilot on board.

Penakieaon Cinque Port Pilot* quitting Ships before Arrival at Place of Destinatioa in Thames or Medway, widwut Consent of (he Matter.

Ata Court of Loadmanage, -Rules shall be made for enforcing the Observance of this Act, &c. by Cinque Poet Pilots.

A.D. 180S.

G.io4k

48° GEO. III.

Rules shall be transmitted to the Custom House, London,tc.

If such Rule* shall not be duly made and transmitted, or shall be de-fe6U»a, the Privy Council shall order proper Rules to be drawn up, ind dULibuted.

The Number of Cinque Port Pdots shall be jnenefed.

fncmfal Number of Pilots shall be kept up; but after a JJcijni-

shall be forthwith printed and transmitted to t&e Custom House in JLondcttf that the same may be seen by all Perfoi\s intereded therein; and Copies thereof shall be delivered to every Member of the said Society, and also to every new Member of the said Society on hi* Election; and a Copy or Extract thereof shall be annexed to or indorsed upon the Licence or Warrant of every Pilot belonging to the Cinque Ports, as well those already admitted and licensed as afi others hereafter to be licensed as such Pilots; and it shall be lawful in such Rules and Regulations to establish Penalties and Forfeitures for the enforcing such Rules and Regulations and better ordering of the said Pilots, and for suspending or depriving any of the said Pilots for breaking such Rules or Orders, or omitting to do any Thing required by the same to be done, or for acting in any wise contrary to such Rules or Orders.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Rules and Regulations in relation to Cinque Port Pilots shall not be made and transmitted as aforesaid, within Four Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or if such Rules and Regulations, when made and transmitted, shall appear to be in any material Point erroneous, insufficient, or defective, it shall be lawful for any Owner of Ships, or other Persons intereded In the Matter of fuen Rules or Regulations, to apply to His Majesty's Moll Honourable Privy Council, who shall thereupon cause proper and sufficient Rules and Regulations to be drawn up for the Purposes aforesaid, in case no such Rules and Regulations shall have been made and transmitted as aforesaid, or shall amend, correct, or enlarge any such Rules and Regulations as shall have been made and transmitted; which Rules and Regulations so made or so amended, corrected and enlarged, shall be distributed, published, and made use of in such Manner as His Majesty's said Privy Council shall in that Behalf appoint and direct, and the same shall take Effed from such Time as in the said Rules or Regulations shall be expressed in regard to the Commencement thereof.

XV. And whereas under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty King George the First, The Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports was to be One hundred and twenty

at the least, and it has been found by Experience, that the said Number is inadequate to the increased Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom be it therefore enabled, That within Four Months after the passing of this Act, the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall be increased to One hundred and forty at the lead; to which Number of One hundred and forty. Twenty more shall be added, whenever such further Addition shall be directed to be made by an Order of His Majesty's Privy Council, upon Application made to His Majesty in Council for that Purpose by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand \ and that a further Addition of Twenty Cinque Port Pilots shall be made to the Number above-mentioned, increasing the whole Number to One hundred and eighty, by the like Authority, whenever such last mentioned Addition shall be applied for by the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand to His Majesty in Council.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the increased Numbers of the said Pilots shall respectively take place as herein-before provided, the plumbers so increased shall from thenceforth be kept up from Time to Tims by {he i^ppoinpo^nt of Pilots in Succ^ffion,

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

C. 104.

as often si any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by Death, Incapacity, or Difraifikm; provided that after the Cooclufion of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France, no Vacancy shall be filled up as aforesaid, without a special Permission in that Behalf given by His Majesty*8 Privy Council, upon the Recommendation of the said Corporation of Trinity House, unless the Number of Pilots shall at any Time by Death or otherwise be reduced below One hundred and forty, in which Case the Vacancies shall be filled up from thenceforth from Time to Time, so as not to exceed One hundred and forty i>i the Whole.

XVII.*And whereas certain^ Harbours near the Dawns have be-

come much frequented as Places of Safety, and Ships and Vessels

lying in or failing through the Downs are oftentimes compelled to run for those Harbours, and it is therefore necessary to make Provision for the Pilotage of such Harbours be it therefore enacted, That all Pilots, whole Licences or Warrants shall authorize them to pilot Ships or Vessels from any Place to the Westward up to London Bridge, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessel into and out of Ramsgate Harbour, and the Harbours ot Dover, Sandwich, and Margate, and shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vessels into and out of the said Haihours} and if any such Pilot shall refuse to take charge of or conduct any Ship or Vessel into or out of any of the said Harbours, such Pilot mall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which be might otherwise be entitled for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel, and shall be subject to such Fine or other Punishment as shall be established in that Behalf by the Rules and Regulations of the Corporation or Society to which such Pilot shall belong.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every licensed Pilot who shall talce charge of and conduit any Ship or Vet-lei into or out of Ramfgats Harbour, or into or out of Dover, Sandwich, or Margate, shall be entitled to and shall receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draught of Water of the Ship or Vessel so piloted and conducted by him into or out of any such Harbour, if such Ship or Vessel shall have been so piloted and conducted into or out of the same in moderate Weather; but if under any Circumstances of Distress, then such Pilot shall be entitled to such further Sum of Money, to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumstances of such Distress, as the Commissioners of Salvage established under the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports shall upon Application either of the Pilot, or Owner, or Matter of any such Ship or Vessel, upon enquiring into all such Circumstances direct; and such Commissioners shall and they are hereby required upon any such Application made, to enquire into all fuen Circumstances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum so to be paid for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel into the said Harbours respectively, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

XIX. Provided always, That on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel, and as soon as (hie shall be moored in any of the said Harbours, it shall he lawful for the Pilot to demand the Pilotage due to him as aforesaid, and to quit the Ship forthwith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Corporation of Triuity House of Deptford Strand, and they jut hereby required to appoint, from Time to Time (as often and for

such

tire Treaty ot Peace with France, View cias shall be filled up only by Permission at Privy Council,

Pitots (hell qualify them-felvestocon'iuft, end shall tidu& Ships ii> o uid out of Uamigate^. Dover, Sandwich, and Margate Harbours.

Rates for such Pilotage.

Pilotage payable when Ship is moored.

Trinity House of Deptford shall appoint Sub- Couunif-

Rulet b« tmifmitied \o the Custom House, London, k.

Cffia-

A.D. 1808.

w

shall be fpiA*

Io«^' jS* &* i»v i T*\ j

P TQ* fall think fit) proper and

?JJ*r j, their ^'fpUcei in England as they may

SngYPi9/*££^9* of the Cinque Ports and

*" or for wh, #ch Provision shall

*&*ntoff£*?*iFlther Pons Mni^or Act of Parliament, or by any Charter

fa^been fitment of Pilots) not to exceed Five nor

Charters/or t^P^tegCh Port or Place for which any such

Cerri^T^ kbl?tt *fa/I be made, which Persons fa to be appointed shall

being

i»*f

Z*-'

&£T

shall take the Oath in

Iff

fha

do

tr

1!

g^ip* in PorV, p, r be reroowa ty the

Notice of Appointment of Pilots at particular Port shall be fixed up at the Trinity House, Sec. in a limited Time; after which no other PUpts shall a£.

ApP % *b-Co*nmifintr* of Pilotage, and ZPaIe hereunto annexed marked (D.) for the faithful Dif-^of their Duty, and such Persons to to be appointed shall and

thrftre hereby authorised (so long as their respective Appointments gall not be revoked or superseded by the Appointment of other Persont in their Places) to examine into the Qualification of Persons to acts ^ot.* r/uch respective Ports and Places and the adjoining Coaxs specined in their respective Appointments as aforesaid; and i fan be lawful for the said Corporation, upon their receiving a satisfactory Certificate under the Hands of any Three of the Persons a n°^where the whole Number for any Port or Place

|hall confitt of Four or Five, and by any Two where the whole Number shall consist of Three, that the Person examined as aforesaid is d y qualified to act for such Port or Ports and the adjoining Coatts, to give a Licence to such Person to act as a Pilot within the particular Limits (describing the same) for which he shall have passed iuen Examination, which Licence shal be granted in the first Instance for One Year and shall afterwards from Year to Year be subject to Renewal and Confirmation, or otherwise, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing in u* contained shall be construed to prevent any Ship or Vessel which shall be brought into any Port or Ports in England by any Pilot duly licenced, from being afterwards removed in such Port or Ports by the Master or Mate thereof, or other Person having the Command, for the Purpose of entering into or going out of any Dock, or fat changing the Moorings of such Ship or Vessel.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall have licensed Pilots for any particular Port or Ports, and the respective Coasts near the same as aforesaid, they shall cause Notice of such Appointment to be publiftied, by fixing up such Notice in Writing at the Trinity House, and at the Custom House in London, and also at the respective Custom Houses of the Ports for which and for the Coasts near the same such Appointment shall be made, and shall also afterwards cause such Notice to be published in the London Gazette, and in one or more Newspapers circulated in that Part of the Country where the Ports shall respectively be situated, which Publication in the London Gazette shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the Notice having been given; and from and after a Time or Times to be limited in the said Notices, which shall not in any Case or in relation to any Ships or Vessels whatever, be less than Six Weeks from the Publication thereof as aforesaid, and shall be propositionably more at the Discretion of the said Corporation, in relation to Ships and Vessels engaged in Foreign Voyages at the Time of such Publics-tion, all Ships and Vessel* failing, navigating, or passing into or out

A.D. 1808.

m

4&> GEO. IN, C. 104.

of the said respective Ports or upon the CoafU thereof# shall be con* dueled and piloted by such Pilots only as shall be so licensed as aforesaid, and by no other Pilots whomsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person suspended or deprived of his Licence as a Pilot, shall, during the Time of such Suspension, or after such Deprivation, take upon himself to conduit any Ship or Vessel except in Cases of Distress, and in Cases where no licensed Pilots can be found, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by this Act, again It any Person who shall conduit or pilot any Ship or Vessel without ever having been licensed to alt as a Pilot.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot who shall be suspended or adjudged to have forfeited his Licence, and every Person, who having complained of any such Pilot; shall be diffatislied with the Adjudication made upon the Matter of such Complaint, by the Corporation, Society, or Persons who shall have Cognizance of such Complaint, may appeal to His Majesty's Privy Council, who shall thereupon hear the Appeal, and confirm or annul any former Determination or Adjudication in the Premises, or, at their Discretion, make any particular and special Order relating thereto, and to the Matter of such Appeal, as the Case may require.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel or Consignee of Goods, t be prevented from recovering any Loss or Damage, upon any Contrail of Iofuranqe of the lame, or upon any other Contrail relating to any Ship or Vessel, or any Cargo on board the same, b.y reaion of no Pilot being on board of any such Ship or Vessel, (unless it shall be proved that the Want of a Pilot shall have arisen from any Refusal to take a Pilot on board, or frotrt the Negligence of the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel, in not heaving to for the Purpose of taking on board any Pilot, who shall be ready, and.offer to take Charge of such Ship or Vessel.)

XX V I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, nothing in this All contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suo ccffors.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Clauses, Provisoes, Penalties or Regulations of this A A, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Vessel not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty Tons, having British Registers, nor to any Mailer or Owner of any such Vessel in respect thereof, or of the navigating of the same in any Channel, River, Port, or Place, whatever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to deprive any Persons of any Remedy by Civil Action against Pilots or other Persons, which they might have had if this Act had not been passed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend or to give any Authority to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strorid, within any Ports or DiffriAs having separate Jurisdiction in Matters of Pilotage under any Act of Parliament or Charter, or to alter or repeal any

Provifxons

Pilots suspended or drpm.d, liable tj Penalties a* unlicensed Persons.

Pilots suspended &c. nis; s|)peal-to Privy Council.

Owners, See. not answerable for Loss, through want of Pilot; unlffs in case of

Neglea.

Exception of Skips of War.

Vessels not exceeding 60 Tons.

Remedy by Civil Adrion referred.

Trinity House Deptford, shall not act within any Diflri&s having separate Jurisdiction.

A.D. 1808.

m

Matter, Sec. of tttipt, vefiding at Dover, Sec. may nlot their

Decided Pilots may supersede tutUrenfed. Penalty on Matters continuing tmlicensed Pilots, Sue. 50l. ID SOl.

Trinity Houffe Deptford shall establish Rate of Pilotage, which shall be hung up at the respeduve CifttMn I^dufei.

Majority of Pilots or Owners may appeal asainil Rates to Privy Council.

C104. 48° GEO. III.

Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pilots of any Ports or Districts, in relation to which Provisiona shall have been made in any Act or AAa of Parliament as to Pilots or Pilotage, or the Pilotage within the Limits prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Pilotage, for such Ports, other than and except as herein particularly provided.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Matter or Mate of any Ship or Vessel, or Owner or Part Owner, residing at Dover, Deal, or the IJU of Thanet from conduAing or piloting his own Ship or Vessel up or down the Rivers Thames or Medway* or into or out of any Port or Place within the JtmfdiAion of the Cinque Ports.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Pilot to supersede any Person not licensed as a Pilot, in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits of his Licence; and every Matter of any Ship or Vessel who shall continue any unlicensed Person, oran^ licensed Person aAing out of the Limits for which he is qualified as a Pilot, after any Pilot licensed to aA within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall then actually be, shall have offered to take Charge of the Ship or Vessel, and every Person assuming or continuing in the Charge or CondnA of any Ship or Vessel without being duly licensed to a A within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall aouatty be, after any Pilot duly licensed and qualified to aAin the Premiset mall have offered to take charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds norlefs than Twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand* and they are hereby authorised and required to establish, vary and alter, from Time to Time, as Circumstances shall render the Tame necessary, regular Ratesof Pilotage, in relation to all Pilotage performed in any River, Port, or Place, or upon any Coast whatever, by any Pilot or Pilots w ho shall be licensed by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination from any Sub-Commissioners of Pilotage hereby directed to be appointed % which Rate shall be regulated by and propositioned as well to the Site and Draught of Water of the Vessels as to the Pittance piloted, the Detention and Responsibility of the Pilot, and such other Circumstances as the said Corporation may think fit to take into Confederation in fixing and establishing such Rates, of which Establishment or Alterations of Rates of Pilotage Notice shaft be given by hanging up printed Tables thereof, corrected from Time to Time as Variations therein shall be made, at the several Custom Houses at the Ports to which the said Rates shall apply.'

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the.major Part in Number of the Pilots who shall be licensed by the said

Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand for any particular Port or Place in consequence of their receiving Certificates of Examination ttsaforesaid, shall be dissatisfied with the Rates so established or altered, or in case any Owners of Ships or Vessels interested in any such Rates shall he dissatisfied with such respective Rates, it shall be lawful for such Parties respectively to appeal to the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council; and it shall be lawful for any Committee of such Privy Council, calling to their Ash(lance any such Persons as they may think fit, to hear and determine the Matter of

A.D. 1808.

C. X04#

such Appeal or Appeals, and to settle, alter and regulate such Rates atto them shall appear to be expedient, in case the Matter of such Appeal shall, in the Discretion of the said Committee of Privy Council, appear to require the making any Orders therein.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to a ft as Pilots or in Pilot Vessels by the said Corporation of Trinity House by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, and all Times hereafter, be subject to the Regulation and Government of the Mailer, Wardens, and Affi(lants, of the hud Corporation, who are hereby authorised and empowered, as well for ensuring the good Conduct and constant Attendance of such Pilots upon their Duty, as for enforcing the general Purposes of this Act, from Time to Time to make and frame all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances as they shall think fit, therein specifying and directing also what annual or other Sums shall be paid by any such Pilots to the Sub-commissioners of Pilotage for the Examination of such Pilots, and for granting and renewing or confirming their Licences from Time to Time; and it shall be lawful for the said Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Corporation respectively, to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when made, as to them shall seem expedient in that Behalf, and from Time to Time to annul, alter, and amend, alT or any of the exiiling Bye Laws, and to make such other and new Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances as they shall think proper, so as such Bye Laws, Rules, Regulations, and Ordinances be made conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm: Provided always, that no Bye Laws shall have Force or Effed before they shall have been examined, fandioned, and approved by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, the San&ion ami Approbation of either of which Chief Justices shall be verified under his Hand and Seal; and all and every such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be observed and kept, and put in Execution, and have the same Force and Effed and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were respectively enacted by this Act.

XXXV. And, in order that all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, may be previously examined by the Parties interested therein be it enacted, That Copies of all such proposed Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, shall be transmitted to His Majesty's Privy Council and to the Commissioners of Culloms in London, Three Calendar Months before the same shall be submitted to such Chief Justice as aforesaid, and the Commissioners of the Customs are hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Copies, to cause the same to be printed and hung up, as soon as the same can be done, in the several Custom Hoitfes of the principal Ports in Great Britain, to be open to the In-spedion of all Persons interested therein at all seasonable Times.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Copies of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, as shall be so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be printed and shall be hung up in some publick or conspicuous Place in the several Custom Houses of the Ports in England, within the Limits for which the Pilots respectively shall be licensed, and also at the Trinity House iq London.

48° GEO. III.

335

Trinity Houfa may make Bye Laws, and annex Penalties to Bleach of them.

Bye Lavs (halt he sanctioned by Chief Justice of King's Bench or Common Pleas.

Copies of all proposed Bte. Laws shall be previously transmiitedto the Privy Council, &c.

Copies of By* Laws confirmed shall l»e hung up in Custom Ilouses, dee.

A.D. 1808.

Bood cf Person* applying lor Licences, to obey Bye Lam.

Mtflm of Vessdn per-Lrming Qua* tontine shall i»y fijU Chftiges ot Pilotage, &r.

Penalty* Pilots quitting Slyps performifig Quarantine.

Description of tl c I ilot's Person fl ail lie indorse'd on lus Licence, &c.

Pilot leeping Public! Heuse, &c. (unless authorised) or oftuxiing against.

£.104. 48° GEO. III.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That avery Person who shall apply for a Licence to act as a Pilot by virtue of this Act, shall, before any Licence shall be granted to him, execute a Bond in a penal Sum at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford \Strond, or the Society or Fellow ship of Pilots of Dover, Dealt and the Isle of Thanet, in an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be paid to the said Corporation or Society, their Successors and Assigns, with a Condition Subjoined thereto for better Securing the due Obedience of Such Pilot to the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances which shall be made and framed pursuant to this Act; which Bonds shall be capable of*being given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, without being stamped according to the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Person commanding any Ship or Vessel bound to the River of Thames, and which shall repair to Standgate Creek for the Performance of Quarantine, shall pay the full Charges of Pilotage up to Gravesend or Stand-gate Creek; and every Pilot conducting any such Vessel to Standgate Creek, shall be entitled to such Pay per Diem for the Days he shall be obliged to remain on Quarantine as shall be in that Behalf allowed fqr such Detention by the Rates of Pilotage to be established by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot taking charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall quit Such Ship or Vessel at Standgate Creek before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, without the Consent of the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless Some other duly qualified Pilot shall come on board and shall take the Charge and Gondud of such Ship or Vessel for the Reffdue of the Pilotage to be performed; every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vessel to Standgate Creek, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules and Re-g ulations to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Destination.

XL. And be it further enacted, That a particular Description of the Person of every Pilot shall be indorsed on the Back of his Licence; and every Captain or Matter, or other Person having the Command of a Ship or Vessel, on receiving a Pilot on board, shall insped his Licence, and if he shall have Reason to think that such Pilot is not the Person to whom the Licence was granted, such Captain or Matter, or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required forthwith to transmit a Copy of such Licence to the Corporation or Persons by whom such Licence shall have been granted, dating the Date thereof, together with such Account and Description of the Person producing such Licence or Warrant, as may lead to the Discovery of the Offender.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, shall keep or be concerned in keeping, either by himself or any Agent or Servant,

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 104. 337

or other Person, or shall in any way be interested in keeping of the Revenue any Publick House or Tavern, or Plate of publick Entertainment, Laws, Ifcc. shall.or in the felling of any Wine or Spirituous Liquors, or Tobacco he difinifTmi oc or Tea (unless such Pilot shall have kept, or been concerned or interested in the same before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be duly authorised by the Corporation or Authority under which such Pilot shall act, to continue in such Business or Employment); or if any Pilot licensed as aforesaid shall be convicted of any Offence against any Law or Laws relating to the Revenues of Cuiloms or Excise, or shall be concerned in, pr shall wilfully copnive at any indirect Practices or Frauds against the

Revenues of Customs or Excise, or shall procure, abet, connive at,

or participate in any Destruction, Spoil, Concealment, Fraud, Ex-action, or corrupt Practice relating to Ships or Vessels, or Persons in Distress at Sea, or by Shipwreck, or relating to the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels, or relating to 1 the Crew or Passengers belonging thereto, or the Monies, Goods, or Chattels of any of them, then and in every such Case every such Pilot shall (over and above all other Punishments, Mulds, and Penalties, ' for such Offences) be dismissed from being a Pilot, or shall be suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority from which such Pilot's Licence was derived.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall take Charge No Pilot shall act of any Vessel, or in any Manner ad as a Pilot, or receive any Com- his Licence pensation for acting as a Pilot, unless he shall be authorised thereto, ^by some lawful Licence, nor until such Licence shall have been re-. fcuftoraaT giftered by the principal Officers of the Custom House of the Place nor without*at or nearest to which such Pilot shall reside, which Officers are hereby having Lfcow*.required to register the same without Fee or Reward, nor without 'in his Cujstody.*having his Licence at the Time of his so acting in his personal Custody*-ready to he produced, and which he shall actually produce to the Master of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person who fn dl be defi^ous of employing him as a Pilot; nor shall any Person, although duly licensed to act as a Pilot, ad in that Capacity out of or beyond the > Limits expressed in his Licence, or beyond the Extent of his Qualification therein expressed; of pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Thirty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds for the First Offence, and for any Second or subsequent Offence any Sum.aot exceeding Fifty bounds nor less than Thirty Pounds.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That on the Death of any Pilot, his Death of

Executors and Administrators, or One of them, or the Person or Persons to whose Hands the Licence of such deceased Pilot shall*pe^lw come, shall, without wilful Delay, transmit such Licence to the Cor- aoi. to 40s, 'poration, Company, or Perfo: i3 by whom such Licence was granted, on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein, or for Refusal to deliver the same when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the AH Corporations said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strcndy and also for or P^fons the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle p of Tkanct, and also for all other Corporate Bodies, or other Persons license Vrfelsfit.having lawful Authority to appoint Pilots within the Limits of their hiving Pilots in respective Jurisdictions, to license Vessels of such Size and* Descrip- Attendance on tion as shall appear to them to be proper for the Purpose of having at, ?ea>

48 Geo. III. Z'_ Pilou

A.D. 1808.

338

Company may h< constituted for providing them, Sic.

An pilot Boms

shall be fitted as herein specified, with the Name and Number of the principal Pilot painted thereon.

Penalty for concealing Name or Number 20I.

All Boats carrying Pilots shall shew a Flag.

Penalty For carrying Flag without a Pilot pa board.

Penalty on Pilots declining to take Charge of Vessel*, or exacting more than the allowed Fee, or being gulky of Neglect, unnkesncMc. tool, to 10I. and Sdjptufioo, Sic.

C. 104. 48° GEO. III.

t Pilots constantly in Attendance in such Vessels at Sea; and for tike better Support of such Pilot Vessels, it shall be lawful for any Number of Pilots licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise lawfully lieenfed, with the Consent of the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots have been or shall be appointed as aforesaid, to con dilute a Joint Stock Company or Companies for the providing and maintaining of such Pilot Vessels; which Companies, and the said Vessels, shall at all Times be subject to such Rules and Regulations as shall from Time to Time be sanctioned and approved in that Behalf by the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots shall respectively have been licensed,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot Boat or Vessel, or other Boat or Vessel in the Pilot Service of any Corporation or Society established by Law in relation to Pilotage, or of any Persons authorised to act as a Pilot by such Corporation or Society, shall at ail Times and on every Station be fitted with Black Sidoi, and have the upper Strake next the Gunwale painted White, and shall while afloat carry i. Vane at the Mast Head, or else a Flag oa a Sprit or Stass, or in some other equally conspicuous Situation; which Vane or Flag shall be of large Dimensions, propositioned to the Size of the Boat or Vessel carrying the same, and shall be half Red and half White, in horizontal Stripes, of which the uppermolt shall be White, and the same shall at all Times be kept and preserved in a clean and distinct Condition, so as to be eafify discerned at a proper and sufficient Distance, and every such Boat or Vessel shall also have the Name of the principal Pilot thereof for the Time being, painted in broad White Letters aof Three Inches in Length on a Black Ground on her Stern, and on each Bow such Number as shall be expressed in the Licence of such principal Pilot; which Name and Numbers shall not be hid or concealed by any Person at any Time, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for such OmifBon or Evasion,; o be paid by such principal Pilot, who shall at all Times be answerable for the due Observance of the Matters aforesaid, by every Person on board such Boat or Vessel; and every other Boat not in the Service of any Corporation or Society carrying off.a Pilot, shall exhibit a similar Flag on a Sprit or Mali, to diitingliifh that she has'a Pilot on board.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, shall without lawful' Authority carry such distinguishing Vane or Flag'as aforesaid, the Owner of Owners, or the Mailer or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel, displaying or carrying any such Vane or Flag, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, who shall, when dil-engaged or on any frivolous Pretexts, decline to take charge of any Ship or Vessel, unless such Cause shall be shewn by the Pilot as shall iullify his not taking charge of the Ship, or who shall decline, on being required by any Captain of any of His Majesty's Ships, or the Mailer or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to come on board of any Ship or Vessel, or who shall decline, when required by any Commissioned Officer in His Majesty's Navy, or by any Principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or by any other Person or Penons interested as Principal or Agent for or on Behalf of any Skip or Vessel wanting a Pilot, to go off to and take charge or

'any Ship or Vessel when it shall be safe so to $ or tvho shall exact or demand, or bargain for any greater Fee or Reward, or any greater Price or Hire for Pilotage than as are or shall be allowed by such' states or Rules as are or mall hereafter be legally established in that Behalf; or who shall in anywise delay going on board any such Ship or Vessel, or taking Charge thereof when on board or alongside thereof, or who shall quit any such Ship or Vessel, or decline the' piloting thereof after he has been engaged or after going alongside thereof, without Leave of the Owner, Mailer, Captain, or Person having the chief Command of such Ship or Vessel, or before the Service mall have been performed for which he was hired, or shall by Drunkenness render himself incapable of conducing such Ship or Vessel, or shall negligently or wilfully run such Vessel on Shore, or lose the same, or do any Injury to the same or to the Tackle or Fur-. niture thereof, or who mall lend his Licence to any unlicensed Person, to enable or assist him towards acting or claiming to act as a licensed Pilot, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall be liable to be dismissed from being or suspended from acting as a Pilot, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strondf or at the Discretion of such other Corporate Body, or Person or Persons by whom such Pilot was licensed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case* any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act shall employ or makp use of, or shall compePor require any Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to employ or make use of any Boat, Anchor, Cable, Hawser, or any other Matter or Thing in or for the Service or pretended Service of such Ship or Vessel, beyond what shall actually and bond side be necessary and proper for the Use thereof, with Intent thereby to enhance or increase the Charge or Expence of Pilotage -or Pilot AfHftance of such Ship or Vessel, whether for the Gain and Emolument of such Pilot, or for the Gain or Emolument of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall also be liable to be deprived of his Licence, or to be suspended from acting as a Pilot for a limited Time, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or other Authority by which he is or shall be licensed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person licensed to act as a Pilot by virtue of this Act* or otherwise duly licensed, or any Person not being a Pilot, but acting under pretext or colour of Pilotage, shall wilfully and knowingly condust, lead, decoy, or betray any Ship or Vessel into Danger in agy Manner not alreaay provided against by any Statute or Statutes $ or shall unnecessarily or improperly cut any Cable or Cables of or belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or cause or procure the same to be cut unnecessarily and improperly j or if any such Person shall, by wilful Misrepresentation of any Circumstances upon which the Safety of any Ship or Vessel shall appear materially to depend for the Time being, obtain or endeavour to obtain the Charge and Condust: of any Ship or Vessel, then and in every such Case the Person so offending, or who fhjdl aid in, procure, abet, or connive at the committing of any such Offence or Offences* shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred

Penalty on Pilot* for employing, or requiring Matter* to employ, any unneceffaiy Boat, &c.

50l. to iol., &c.

Penalty for conducing any Vessel into Danger, or unueceffarily cutting Cables, See.

iool.toaoL, fco»

34.

Pilot Boats*' running before Vessels not having a Pilot entitled to Pilotage.

No Pilot shall be taken to Sea without his Content, except in case of Necessity, &c. His Pay.

Surplus Rates of

Pilotage on Ships not having British Register* shall be paid to Receivers, and made a Fund for Relief of infirm Pilots, and an Account thereof shall be annually laid before Parliament.

How Pilotage of Ships, not Foreign, maybe recovered.

0.104*. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds; and in case the Person so offending shall be a Pilot, he shall be either dismissed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such for a limited Period, at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any such licensed Pilot Vessel or Boat shall run before any Ship or Vessel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, for the Purpose of directing the Course of such Ship or Vessel until a Pilot can be put on board, the Pilot on board such Pilot Vessel, or the Person having Charge of her, shall be entitled to the full Pilotage for the Di(lance run, until a duly licensed Pilot shall be put on board, as if such Person had been actually on board such Ship, and had the Charge of Her as a Pilot.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Pilot shall be taken to Sea by the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Ships, on by any Mailer of any Ship or Vessel in the Merchant Service, without his free Con fen t, except in case of absolute and unavoidable Necessity; and in such Case every Pilot so taken to Sea shall have and receive Ten Shillings and Sixpence per Diem, until he shall be returned to the Port or Place where he was taken on board, or until he shall have been discharged from the Ship for a sufficient Time to have enabled him to return there.

LII.*And whereas it is expedient that the surplus Rates of

Pilotage imposed by this Act on Ships not having Brittish Regis-

ters, should be applied for creating a Fund for such Pilots belonging

to the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and of the Fellow ship of the Cinque Ports as shall be; superannuated; be it enacted, That all such Excess of Rates as aforesaid, ' which shall pertain to the Establishment of the Trinity House, shall be paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in that Behalf by the said Corporation at some Place or Places convenient for the making of such Payment within the Port of London, and shall be applied by the said Corporation in the Manner herein after directed 5 and if such extra Rates of Pilotage shall pertain to the Establishment of the Cinque Ports, then the lame shall be paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be in that Behalf appointed by the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage, at some convenient Place or Places for the Payment thereof within the said Port of London, and shall be applied by the said Court in the Manner herein after in that Behalf airedled; that is to say, in both Cases to create a Fund for the better Support and Maintenance of such Pilots as shall become incapable of discharging their Duty from advanced Age, or from any Accident, or permanent Infirmity, to be applied and distributed in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond9 dnd the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports shall respectively order and provide, of which Receipts and Appropriations the said Corporations and Courts respectively mall annually lay an Account thereof before Parliament, within Ten Days after the Commencement of each Session.

LIII. And (>e it further enabled, That all Sums of Money which shall become due to any licensed Pilot for Pilotage, shall and may be recovered from the Owners or Matters of Ships or Vessels, or from the Consignees or Agents thereof, not being Foreign Ships or Vessels, who shall have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other

Charge

A.D. 1808.

34i

48° GEO. III. C. 104.

Charge for the Ship or Vessel in the Port of her Delivery, and shall and may be levied in such and the like Manner according to the Amount of an y* such Sums of Money respectively, as any Penalty or Penalties may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of this Act, Demand thereof being made in Writing at least Fourteen Days before such Levy.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Consignee* or Agents of all Foreign Ships and Vessels, who shall have paid or engaged to pay any Charge whatever in relation to such Ship or Vessel, fiiail be liable to the Payment of, and shall pay all Sums for Pilotage outwards, due to the Pilot or Pilots who shall have piloted such Ships or Vessels, on Proof being made within Fourteen Days after such Pilotage shall have been performed, on the Oath of such Pilot before any Justice of the Peace, that the same has not been paid by the Captain of such Ship or Vessel; and in such Case the Sums of Money so due for Pilotage shall be recoverable in like Manner as any Penalty under the Sum of Ten Pounds may be recovered by virtue of this Act.; and such Consignees or Agents of Foreign Ships or Vessels are hereby authorised and empowered to retain in their Hands respectively, out of any Monies which they may have received for or on account of such Foreign Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Own-, ers thereof, so much as shall be sufficient to pay and discharge such Pilotage outwards, and any Expences attending the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Ship or Vessel which shall be piloted or conducted by any other than a duly licensed Pilot, within any Limits for which rilots have been or shall be appointed by any lawful Authority, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Sum which would have been demandable for the Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel, together with Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel; Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend to subject to Penalties any Mailer of any Ship or Vessel who shall act himself as Pilot in passing up and down the English Channel, or elsewhere in passing by any Part of the Coast of England, in the Course of any Voyage, or within the Limits of the Port or Place to which his Ship belongs, not being a Port or Place in relation to which Provision hath heretofore been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots, or who shall employ any Pecfon as a Pilot, or who shall act himself as such for the Conduct of his Ship or Vessel, in any Case where/and so long as a duly qualified Pilot shall not offer Assistance or make a Signal for that Purpose; Provided also, that this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to hinder any Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress at any Time or Place, nor shall subject such Persons, or any Master of any Ship or Vessel employing such Persons, to the Penalties of this Act, in respect of such Assistance given during the Distress of such Ship or Vessel, or in consequence thereof, or under any Circumstances which shall have rendered it necessary for such Matter to avail himself of the best Assistance which at the Time could be procured; any Thing herein contained to the contrary-thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having the Command or Charge for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel, who shall report, or be privy or consenting to any other Person's reporting to any Pilot taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, a false

Z 3 Account

How Pilotage of Foreign Ship may be recovered.

Consignees of Foreign Siiip may retain Pilotage.

Penalty on Mailers of Vessels piloted by any other than a licensed Pilot, DouMe PHcrtage, and si. per SO Ton.

Exception.

Penalty for

report!^ to Pilots

a false Account Of the Draught of Water of

34J

A.D. 1808.

Vrfleis, StC. 00l.

Controversie*

jpfpe-^ing the Draught of Water of VefTcIs shall he settled by Trinity House.

Names of Pilots shall be iufeited in Report of Ships eoraiig iiMO hWt of London, by Officer of Culloms, who flail report the same monthly to the Trinity House.

Clearing Officer at Gravesend ihill report Vessirls clearing outw ards.

Lifts of all Pilots ihay be annually transmitted to the Trinity House and the Commissionen of CuAoms.

C. 104. 48" GEO. tlj.

Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offenice, in addition to the Payment of the full Kate of Pilotage to the Pilot entitled thereto, double the Amount of such Pilotage; and any Person having the Command or Charge for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel, or having any Interest, Share, or Property therein, who shall fraudulently alter any Marks on the Stem or Sternpott thereof, denoting the Draught of Water, or shall be privy to and consenting thereto, shall for any such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LVII.*And, in order to prevent 01 settle Controversiea con-

ccrning the Draught of Water of Ships and Vessels which shall be from Time to Time in the River #of Thames (not having British

Registers), be it enacted, That whenever any Difference about the Draught of Water of any Ship or Vessel shall arise between the Master or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel; and any Person who shall have piloted the same into the said River, or who shall be required to pilot the same therefrom, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, the said Corporation of Trinity House, or same proper Officer or Person appointed by them, shall admeasure the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, and shall settle and determine the same between the Parties, upon Application made by either of them to the said Corporation within Twelve Hours after such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived' at her Mooringa in the River, or before the Cargo thereof shall be begun to be unladen, or before such Ship or Vessel shall quit her Moorings on any outward Voyage; for which Admeasurement the Officer or Person making the same shall be paid Owe Guinea, if the Ship or Vessel shall be below or in the Poof, and Half a Guinea if above the Pool, by the Perfoq requiring such Admeasurement, or making Application for the same to the said Corporation.

LVflE. And be it further enacted, That every Matter or other Person having the Command for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel required to be piloted according to the Directions of this Act, shall, ' on coming into the Port of London, and in making the Entry or Report of his Ship or Vessel I: v insert or cause to be inserted in such Entry or Report the \7ame of the Pilot or Pilots employed or engaged by him, or by the Owner oP such Ship or Vessel to pilot the same into the said Port of London* and which Insertion shall be made (without Fee or Reward) by the proper Officer of the Customs, in the said Entry or Report, who shall also report the same to the Corporation of the Trinity House monthly; and also that the Principal Searcher or Clearing Officer of the Customs at Gravesend shall demand and take the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots of all Ships or Vessels clearing outwards from the Port of London, and shall ttansmit monthly Lilts of such Names to the said Corporation of the Trinity House, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor ^less than Forty Shillings, to be paid by every Person who shall neglect to comply with the foregoing Regulation* respectively. v

LIX. And be it further enacted, That Litts of the Christian and Surnames, Ages, and Places of Residence, of all Pilots in England, shall, with the Dates of their Appointments, on or before the Thirty -ttrtt Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, be traalinitted to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deftford Strond*

N'at

343

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III

C. 104.

at their Court House in London, distingui filing the Limits within which such Pilots are appointed to act respectively, and thenceforward from Time to Time as each Appointment of a Pilot shall take place; and also Duplicates of such Lifts to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, annexing to the Lifts to be transmitted to the Trinity House the Rates of Pilotage, and also Hating the Rules and Regulations made and established in relation to such Pilots, in case such Rules and Regulations shall have been made by any other Authority than by Act of Parliament, or by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the same, when so completed, shall be transmitted as aforesaid by the respective Bodies Politick and Corporate, and other Persons authorised to appoint Pilots in any of the Ports, Harbours, or Rivers, or on any of the Coasts of England, by whom such Pilots shall have been appointed respectively; and the said Politick Bodies and Corpo.ate, and other Persons authorised to appoint Pilots as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to transmit to the said Corporation of Trinity House, at theic laid Court House in London, annually on the Thirty-first Day of December, or within One Calendar Month afterwards, a List cor-rested up to the said Thirty-first Day of December annually, of the Names and Residence of the Pilots within their several Jurisdictions, ^nd dating such Alterations as may have been made (if any) in the Rules and Regulations for governing Pilots within the respective Districts.

LX. And whereas by Two Acts passed in the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Performance of Quarantine, Pilots are required, on going on board Ships' arriving from Foreign Parts, in certain Cases to give Information to the Commanders thereof respecting Proclamations and

Orders in Council relative to the Performance of Quarantine, which

renders it nftreflary that Notice of such Proclamations and Orders^ 4 which may have beeh issued subsequent to the Departure from England of such Ships, should be previously communicated to all Pilots

throughout England; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Customs shall, within One Month, from the Thirty-/irst Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, transmit to the principal Officers of the Revenue undef their Management at the several Ports in England, the Names and Places of Residence of such Pilots in the Lifts so transmitted to them as shall reside within the Limits of each Port respectively, and so from thenceforward the Name of each Pilot of whose Nomination they shall receive Notice from the proper Authority, in order that the said principal Officers at the several Ports may be enabled to communicate to every Pilot within the Limits of the Ports respectively all Proclamations or Orders in Council respecting the Performance of Quarantine by Ships arriving from infefted Places, which the said Officers are hereby re. quired to do.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures* contained in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or any other Act or Acts made and in force for the Pnefervation of Beacons and Sea Marks, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Vessels duly appointed to exhibit Lights therein for the Preservation of Ships and Vessels at Sea, and to all Persons removing, injuring, or destroyin^such

45*0.8. c. 10. 40 G. a. c. 9*.

Commissionm of Customs shall tmnsmit to their'Officer* at the fever&l Ports in England die Names and Residence of the Pilots who shall reside within the*Limits of each Port.

Provisions of 8 Elia. c. 13. tiu\ for Preservation of Beacons extended to Veflek appointed to exhibit Lights,

344

A.D. 180S<

Penalty for running foul, See. of such Vessels, or any Bnoy or Beacon.

69 G. 3. e.Uix.

Penalty on Pilots for noi obeying the Orders of the Dock M after of the West India Dock Company, fOl. to 20h, &.C.

Lift of Vessels employed for Pilotage, with the Number of Hands, shall be, annually transmitted to iheHecehrcrof

C. 104. 48° GEO. III.

Vessels or Lights; which Offences may be laid and tried in any County

in England.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ride by, make sass to, pr remove, or wilfully or negligently run down, or run foul of any Vessel appointed or placed to exhibit Lights, or any Buoy or Beacon belonging to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stromly or belonging to or placed by any other Corporation having lawful Authority to place the same, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, together with the Expence of replacing or making good any Damage occasioned by such Misconduct.

LXIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of Lon-.

don, the Dock Matter or Dock Matters appointed by the w*ft In-

dia Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said Act, have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of all Ships and other Vessels, Lighters, and Craft, as shall be within the Dittance of Two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River there into the Works of the said Com. 4 pany, as to the Time or Times, and Manner of their Entrance into*, lying in, or going out' of or from the same: And whereas the Powers given to the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, have not been found sufficient to enable him and them to enforce Obedience to his and their Orders and Directiona, to Pilots having the Charge or Direction of navigating Ships and Vessels within the aforesaid Dittance of Two hundred Yards of the respective Entrances into the said Docks from the River Thames; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act, if any Pilot or Pilots having the Charge or Direction of navigating any Ship or Vessel within the aforesaid Dittance of Two hundred Yards from the respective Entrances itito the said Docks from the River Thames, and either intended to go Into, or having recently come out of the Docks, ' Basons, or other Works of the said Company, shall neglect or refuse to obey such Orders or Directions as shall or may from Time to Time be given to such Pilot or Pilots by the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters under and by virtue of, and agreeably to the Powers vetted in him and them by the said recited Act, touching or relating to the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of such Ships or Vessels so being under the Charge or Direction of such Pilot or Pilots as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Pilot so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds and not less than Twenty Pounds; and every such Pilot mall be liable to be dismissed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corporation, or other Authority by whom such' Pilot was licensed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroncl, and the Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports, and all other Corporations for managing or di-resting Pilots in any Part of England, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament or Charter, shall annually, within One Month after the First Day of January in every Year, transmit to the Office of the Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty in the Port of London, a List

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 104. 34$

of all the Vessels, of every Description, employed by them, or by the na. Duty m Persons under their Authority, for the Purposes of Pilotage, withhe the Number of Men and Boys belonging to or serving in any such ">ndo*-Vessel.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Recovery of Forfeitures by this Act imposed or to be imposed by any Bye Law made under the Authority, thereof, the Manner of levying whereof is not herein directed, and which shall not exceed Twenty rounds, or in respect of which any Sum less than Twenty Pounds may be awarded at the Discretion of any Justice hearing the Offence, may be levied and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed, or within such other Time as is herein after in that Behllf directed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Division, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or if committed by any Pilot, before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the City, Town, or Port to which such Pilot ih^ll belong 5 or if committed by any Owner or Mailer of any Shin, by any Justice of the Peace or^ Magistrate of the County, City, Town, or Port at which such Owner or Mailer shall reside, or to which the Ship of such Owner or Mailer shall belong; or if committed by any Pilot of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or the Cinque Porta, or by any other Perfort on any Part of the Sea from Folkstone to the Mouth of the River Thames, or up the Rivera Thames or Medway, then by any Justice of the Peace of the Counties of Kent, Surry, Essex, or Middlesex, or by any Magistrate of the City of London; and such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time or Place* in such Warrant specified \ and if on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, or on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offender shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mair.prize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-one Days, until such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, 'and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid: Provided always, That no Justire or Magistrate shall in any Case award any Sum exceeding Twenty Pdunds,

LXVI. And be it further enacted, 'That all Fines, Penalties, or Recovery of Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds by this Act im- PsmWcs above posed, for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or ino1* which any greater Sum may be awarded than Twenty Pounds, and in which the Party orofecuting such Offence shall proceed for any greater Sum than Twenty Pounds, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection,

Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance mall be allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences -shall be committed, or within such other Time as is herein after in that Behalf directed; Provided always, that in case the said respective

9#

Exemption for

Jurisdiction of Co«m of Lo*dm*nige, most Admiralty Court,

Justice of airy County whither an Offender shall escape, or where 'hie Goods shall be, may indorse the original Warranty which flail authorize the Peace Officer* to execute it

Ac.

C. 104. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

Periods of Six Calendar Months and Twelve Calendar Months, or either of them, within which Spies, Penalties, or Forfeitures are to be sued for as aforesaid, shall in any Case or Cases elapse and run out before any Prosecution hereby authorised or directed shall hate been commenced for the Recovery of such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures; and if it shall in Manner herein after mentioned be made to appear, as foou after as the Circumstances of the Case shall reasonably admit, that the Commencement of the Prosecution has been delayed by reason of the Absence of any Party or Parties, whether offending or complaining, or by the Absence of any necessary Witness or Witnesses; then upon such Circumstances being stated By Affidavit, in Writing, made before any Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, it shall thereupon be lawful for any such Judge or Judges to order or authorize the Commencement of such Prosecution, within such further Time as such Judge shall think fit to limit in that Behalf, and in such Case the Prosecution or Prosecutions so ordered or authorised, shall and may be commenced and prosecuted within the Time or respective Times so limited, in like Manner and with the like Effect, in all Respects, as if such Prosecutions had been commenced and prosecuted within the said respective Periods of Six Months and Twelve Months hereby limited: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alfeft or impede the Jurisdiction of the Court of Loadmanage, as far as respe£U the Pilots appointed under the Authority of the said Court; and provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to laffedt or impair the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices, before or after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into, or reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, not of the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants; or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act> shall be in any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, other than where the said Party was convicted, or Warrant of Distress granted, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place into which such Person shall escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand-writing of any Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant; and the same, when so delivered, shall be sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting the said Warrant; and any Justice or Justices respectively, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, in the same Manner as if it had originally arisen within his or their respective Jurisdictions, and may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justice or Justices

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 104. 347

who granted the original Warrant) to be dealt with according to Law.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That One-third of all Fines or Penalties to be levied in pursuance of this Act, or under any Bye* Law made in pursuance thereof, by whomsoever incurred, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of all such Fines or Penalties shall be paid and applied to the Fund of the Trinity House at Deptford Strand, and shall be applied, after defraying the reout the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner and for the like Purposes as the other Funds of the said Corporation are by Law or Usage applicable, in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots licensed by the said Corporation, or by any other Person or Persons, in relation to any Matters wherein such last mentioned Pilots shall be in anywise concerned; and in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots of the Cinque Ports, or by any other Person or Person s in relation to any Matters wherein such last mentioned Pilots shall be in anywise concerned, then the remaining Two-thirds of such last mentioned Fines or Penalties shall go to such Fund as hath been or shall be established by the Person* having the Direction of the Cinque Port Pilots, and shall be applied to the Use of such respective Funds, after defraying, out of such Funds and Penalties, the respective Expences incurred in carrying this Act into Execution.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, having no just Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, on Proof of such Summons having been served, and of a Tender of reasonable Expences having been made to such Person on his being served with such Summons, to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brought before any Justice or Justices, such Person shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without having some just Cause for such Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person to the House of Corre&ion of the County, City, Division, or Place where any such Person shall be apprehended, there to remain foV any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Fourteen Days, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person, who in any Examination upon Oath under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully give false Testimony or a false Account of the Matter sworn to by him, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same by Indictment; and, if duly convicted of false Sweariogin the Premises, shall be subject and liable to such Punishments, Disqualifications, and Disabilities, as any Person would be subject or liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury in any other Case by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distresses shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be aeemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser

Application oP Peuahlea.

Witnessa not appearing may

be commi tied to the House of Correction.

Penalty of Perjury* on Mb Evidence.

Distress not unlawful on account of want of Form, &c».

A.D. 1808.

34*

C. 104.

48° GEO. III.

Form of CQttm£UOBBh

or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto 5 neither shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover the full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained infan Action on the Case.

LXXII.*And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of*Offenders against this Act/ be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet.

No Certiorari.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions, who may award CciU.

Proeeedings not to be qvallied for want ot Form, nor removed by Certiorari.

limitation of Action»,

Six Months.

BE it remembered. That on the* in the Year of our Lord

Day of

One [*r.

A.B. is convicted before me Tor, us]

Two, as the Case may be] of His Majesty's Justices of the peace for the [here Specify

the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be'] contrary to an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.*

And no Certiorari or other Writ or Process, for the Removal of any such Conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or granted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace before^mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions holden for the County, City, or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace fot such County, City, or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having* been given, and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction 5 and award such Costs to either Party as to them shall seem Just and reasonable, and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any

x So

349

48° GEO. III. C. 104.

Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterward*, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place where the Cau/ie of Action arises, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defend* ants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, Not Genoa) IGm> Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear lo to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against l he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble CoIW. Costs, and dr.11 have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or take away any Right, Property, Authority, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of London, or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in, and upon the River of Thamu aforesaid.

[Publick Act.]

u §76.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be C^tinusaeesf in fosce for Four Years from the passing thereof. Act.

SCHEDULES

35<j Ci 04, 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULES to which thi» AA refcru

1 /

SCHEDULE (A.)

A TABLE of the RATES of PILOTAGE for piloting Ships from the River to 'the Downs, and up and down the North Channel, from and to Hofely Bay; or from off the Entrance of the Thames to London, and to Sea from the River.

FROM TO Under 7 Feet. From 7 Feet ta xo Feet. ix Feet. Xft Feet. 13 [ Feet.

£ s. d. 6 s. d. £, s. d. £, /. d. £.r.d.

Nore or Warps 4 0 0 5 xo 0 S 15 0 6 l6 O 7 S ©

From the Sea, Gravesend, Chatham,

: Orfordness, Standgate Creek, or C s 0 0 7 IO 0 8 S 0 90 09IS 0

the Downs, < Blackftakes j

Hofely Bay, Longreach s J 0 7 15 © 8 12 09to 0 10 5 0

and vice veril Woolwich or Blackwall 'S IJ 0 8 5 095 0 10 0 0 11 0 0

L Moorings or London Docks 6 6 0 8 xx 09IJ 0 xo xo 0 XX xo 0

From the Nore f Gravesend or StandgateCreek ft a 0 ft 15 0 3 5 0 3 Ift 0 3 18 0

' or Warp, or j Ixmgreach or Chatham ft xo 0 3 5 © 3 15 © 4 5 0 4 xo 0

thereabouts, 1 Woolwich or Blackwall 3 0 0 4 0 0 4 15 0 4 18 0 5 7 6

and vice vexJS(. Moorings or(London Docks 3 XO 0 4 xo 0 5 5 0 5 x 5 0 6 5 0

Upward:

From Graves- C Longreach 0 xo 0 1 7 6 x 12 6 1 17 6 ft ft 6

end Reach, Woolwich or Blackwall X 5 0 ft 0 0 ft 8 0 ft 18 0 3 8 0

and vice veilS L Moorings or London Docks X XO 0 ft xo 0 3 0 0 3 XO 0 4 0 0

Downward:

Sheerness or Blackftakes 3 0 0 3 10 0 4 0 0 4 xo 0 s 0 0

Chatham 3 xo 0 4 0 0 4 xo 0 S 0 0 s xo 0

From Long*

reach Upward:

Woolwich or Blackwall X 0 0 X 10 0 ft 0 0 ft xo 0 % 0 0

to Mdbrings or London Docks 1 xo 0 ft 0 0 ft xo 0 3 0 0 3 100

Downward:

Sheerness or Blackftakes 3 XO 0 4 0 0 4 xo 0 5 0 0 5 xo 0

Chatham 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 0

Upward: Moorings or London Docks X 0 0 I to 0 x Xft 6 X IS 0 ft 0 0

Downward:

Sheerness or Blackftakes 4 0 0 4 xo 0 5.0 0 c xo 0 6 0 0

Chatham 4 100 S 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 0 6 xo 0

Ships not having British Registers to pay One fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than Hated in the ahoveTable, except chiefly laden with Corn or other Provisions. For Half a Foot exceeding the above Draughts of Water the medium Price between the two Limits. '

For intermediate Distances a propositionate Rate.

For removing a Ship or Vessel from Moorings into a Dry or Wet Dock.

' A i» 1/.

For a Ship under 300 To ns - - o 15 o

300 to 600 — *-110

600 to 1,000 — - - 1 11 6

above 1,000 — - - % a 0

In

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. UU

C. 104.

35*

SCHEDULE (A.y — continued. 1

A TABLE of the RATES of PILOTAGE for piloting Ships from the River to the Downs, and up and down the North Channel, from and to Hofely Bay or from off the Entrance of the Thames to London* and to Sea from the River*

14 Feet. 15 Feet 16 Feet 17 Feet 18 Feet. 19 Feet. 1 j 8 li Feet. 22 Feet 23 Feet and upwards.

£ s. 4/ 4 s. I £ '*£ M. £./. £.s. d £ £ > j. d. £*£ J

s O C 8 10 c9zo 0 to 5 c it x6 c 12 JO 0 14 0 0 -

10 10 c tz S 0 ^2 0 0 12 IS 0 15 6 0 18 2 0 21 0 0 23 2 q 2 S 4 0 27 6 c

10 17 6 IZ5 0 12 IO 0 14 6 6 16 z6 0 zo 4 03 2 0 25 0 0 27 0 0 19 0 a

ii 0 0 11 1 s 0 13 10 0 15 8 0 17 14 0 21 5 0 24 0 0 27 0 0 -

11 10 0 13 zo 0 14 5 0 l6 0 0 18 zo 0 22 6 0 15 5 0 ——

4 1 0 4 zo 6 4 18 0 5 zo 0 6 6 c '7 0 0 8 8 099 0 10 10 0 IC zz c

4 14 6 5 2 0 5 14 0 6 6 0 7 7 0 8 0 0 10 zo 0 11 IZ c 12 12 0 133 c

5 18 0 6 6 0 6 t$ 0 7 15 0 8 18 c ro 0 0 12 12 c 13 130 —

6 15 0 7 s ° 7 IJ 0 8 15 0 to 0 0 12 0 0 14 0 0 15 0 0 —

2 7 6 2 zi 6 2 17 6 3 2 6 3 7 6 12 6 3 17 6 _ __

3 18 0 4 5 0 4 13 © 5 2 0 5 10 0 6 15 0 8 5 0 ——

4 10 0 5 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 0 6 zo 0 8 0 c 10 0 "7

50 c 6 0 0 6 zo 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 c 8 zo 0

6 0 0 6 zo 0 700 7 1 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 090 0

3 10 6 4 0 6 4 zo 0 5 0 0 5 12 6 6 6 0 7 0 0)0 0

4 0 0 4 zo 0 500 5 12 6 6 6 0 7 0 0 8 0 0 to 0 0 ——

6 0 0 6 10 0 700 7 10 0 8 0 090 0 3 0 c9zo 0

6 zo 0 7 0 0 7 zo 0 8 0 0 8 10 0910 0 910 0 10 0 0

5 0 2 zo 0 2 15 0 3 0 0 3 5 0 3 10 0 3 15 ° -

6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 zo 090 0910 0 - — m

7 0 c 7 10 6 800 8 10 090 0910 0 10 0 0 -

In the River Thames above Gravesend:

For a Boat of a Class carrying an Anchor £. s. of abo^e 4 cwt. with a corresponding Towline, th*e Rate - 22

Ditto with an Anchor above 2 Cwt.

and corresponding Towline z it

Ditto with an Anchor under 2 cwt.

&c. - - % 1 1

And for each Man's Service in those Boats, iar.

d. 1 per Trip for the whole Distance Q I from Gravesend to London and 6 in Proposition for any Part 6f that o Distance.

6d, per Tide#

AKf. 1808.

to, kE of str'

wwnnaju.

ct<M>

4«° GEO. Ji» —

g.G*»

Eay.

*j25fw'"iS

A/4* y, ^'

rtS 10^reCe'vet^ by the Pilots of the clinr fAJ^ding to the Regulation* established

From Under 17 Feet If Feet. 1 to 10 Feet.

rnpt

The I ftnvc&ttd

IfLongtefch -

'iBhckvill or.I London

Staodgate

Creek * Gravefcnd

11 Feet. 12 Feet. 13 Feet. 14 Feet.

£ / dm £. s.d. £, Im dm £m /. dm

85O 900915 ° 10 10 0

9 0 09if 0 TO 12 6 II 76

>91 s 010 10 0 II IO O 1250

>4 4 °j 4 14 <5 550 s is 6

N.B. One Fourth Part is to be added to the respective Ratesin the several fore-

' going Classes for Ships not having British Registers.

For every Half Foot exceeding to Feet of the above Draughts of Water an in-. created Rate equal to the Medium between the Two Limits is to be paid, for intermediate Distances a propositionate Rate equal to Half the Difference between the Two Limits.

Ships and Vessels which shall be boarded by Pilots Wedward of the Downs are to pay the several Rates following:

' £. /. d:

rl. From off Dungeness to the Downs - 55 o

' 2. From the Westward of Folkstone to the

Downs - - 4

3. From the Westward of Dover to the Downs 3

4. From off Dover and Westward of the South

Foreland to the Downs - - 2

o

o

For putting a Pilot on board, and for Pilotage

to the Anchor- ] ——

age in the I 5. From off the South Foreland and to the 1 Northward of that Promontory to the Anchorage in the Downs, or for coming on board when at Anchor there - 1 1 o

Ships not having British Readers to pay One-fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than is dated in this Table, except such as are chiefly ladeu with Con. or

other Provisions.

ag<

D<

owns.

i

1

To

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 104.

353

SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

A TABLE of the respective RATES to be received by the Pilots of the Cinque^Port Establishment> according to the Regulations established by this Act.

To all the several Rates above mentioned shall be added £g per Cent* when the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall be increased to 140; £10 per Cent, when they shall be increased to x6p; and £20 per Cent, when they shall be increased.to 180; of which increased Numbers respectively. Notice shall be given by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, or by ms Authority, in the London Gazette, and in one or more Newspapers, circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Rent.

In the River above Gravesend.

"For a Boat of a Class carrying an Anchor of above Cwt. ^rith a corresponding Tow Line, the Rate 1 -

Ditto with an Anchor above

2 Cwt. and corresponding Tow

' Line

Ditto with ah Anchor under

2 Cwt., &c.

And for each Man's Service in those Boats, ios. 6d. per Tide.

£ /. d

2

111 I I

Per Trip for the whole Distance from Gravesend to London, and in proposition for any Part of this Distance.

v

48 Geo. III. A

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1805.

354 C. 104^io(J. 4B0 GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.)

OATH to be taken by the Matter and Wardens of the Society of Cinque Port Pilots.

T A*TS, do swear, That I will diligently and impartially examine ' and inquire into the Capacity and Skill of

in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessels over the Flats and round

the Longfand Head, and up the Rivers of Thames and Medway

and into Ramsgate, Dover, Sandwich, and Margate Harbours, and < also upon the -Coaits of Flanders and Holland; and will make true

and speedy Return thereof to the Lord Warden of the Cinque

1 Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, ' without Fayour, Affection, Fee, or Reward. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (D.)

OATH to be taken by Sub-Commissioners for Pilotage,

I A.B. do swear, That I will diligently and impartially ex*

1 amine into the Capacity and Skill of

in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessels into the Roadstead, Port, or Harbour, and upon the Coast following, videlicet, [here descrihe the Limits within which the Person examined is intended to

a3 as a Pilot] and will make true and speedy Return thereof to

the Corporating^jM? rinity House of Deptford Strond> without Fayour, Affection, Fee, or Reward, other than such Fee or Reward as is allowed by the Bye Laws or Regulations duly established in that Behalf* So help me GOD.

CAP. CV.

An Act to authorize His Majesty until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ninp, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[25th June 1808.]

46 G. 3< c. 30. to which this Act is precisely Jtmilar.]

When Kills for continuing Expiring k&M

shall not pals before the Acts

expire, such A£h IhsU be continued from their Expiration)Except as to ifeaaliier.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen, and may arise, from the Expiration of Acts, before the passing of Acts to continue the same.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Bills for the continuing of Acts in force only for a limited Time have sometimes not passed before the Expiration of the Act intended to be continued; and great Inconvenience may arise therefrom Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Bill may have been or shall be introduced into this present or any future Session of Parliament, for the Continuance of any Act which would expire in such Sessions, and such Act shall have expired before the Bill for continuing the same Hull have received the

A.D. 1808.

46° GEO. III. C. 106, 107. 35$

Royal Assent,

such continuing Act shall be deemed and taken to have effect from the date of the expiration of the Act intended to be continued as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such continuing Act had actually passed before the expiration of such Act, except it shall be otherwise especially provided in such continuing Act; Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect any Person or Persons with any punishment, penalty, or forfeiture whatsoever, by reason of anything done or omitted to be done by any such Person or Persons contrary to the provisions of the Act so continued, between the expiration of the same and the date at which the Act continuing the same may have received or shall receive the royal assent.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Resdiues of Sums due under certain Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to the Persons entitled thereto.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS large Sums of Money have from Time to Time, With respect to

under the Authority of the Acts relating to the Militia, and Sams received of a certain other Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His pre- Mihtjs,

sent Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more effcBualh tjle*

c to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force for toe Acts,

better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the mitre 43 G. 3. r.82;

vigorous Prosecution of the War, and of another Act passed in the G. 3.e. 5$.

4 Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and tj provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Foroes, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, been paid into and#now remain in the Hands of Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, and other Persons; which Sums ought to be paid and distributed to the Persons entitled thereto: But by reason of the want of proper Returns, and of the Insufficiency of the Returns made, and the want of adequate Powers for enforcing Returns relating to such Sums of Money, such Sums cannot be distributed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it fh*U be lawful for the Secretary Secretary it Wat at War to require all or any Clerks of General or Subdivision Meet- maycalltw ings, or Persons who shall have acted as Clerks of General or Sub- Returntfirom division Meetings in the Execution of any of the said recited Acts, or their Representatives, and also all and any Persons in whose Hands jJjeetinm^any Fines or Moieties of Fines paid under any of the said recited 9

Acts, or any Monies arising from any Half Parts or Residues of any Sums of Money paid by or on account of any Persons ballotted to serve in the Militia or additional Force, for the engaging of any Substitutes or Volunteers to be enrolled in their Head, shall have been deported, or to whom any such Fines, Moietiep of Fines, Half

A a a fans

A.D. 1808.

3S*

C. 107.

48° GEO. III.

Penalty on NegieA in

making Return?, or onUng ffclfe Return*, Sol.

On Order from Secretary at War due Payment flaaM be made of Monica appearing by the Returns to be in the Hands of the said, Clerk*, Stc*

For Recovery and Application of Penalties by Action.

Penalties, ice. maybe recovered (unmanly in the Exchequer, and levied by 3?»ltxingaa.

Parts or Residues as aforesaid, shall have been transferred or paid, to make such Return or Returns of all Monies arising from such Fines, Half Parts or Residues of any such Sums of Money as aforesaid, received by or paid to or deposited in the Hands of any such Clerks or other Persons, and of all Matters and Particulars relating thereto, or the Payment of any Part thereof to any Persons entitled thereto, as the Secretary at War shall deem from Time to Time necessary for enabling him to make order for the Distribution thereof, and Payment of the same, to the Persons intitled thereto $ and all such Returns shall be made out in such Form, and shall contain such Particulars as shall be directed by the Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk or other Person called upon to make such Returns as aforesaid, who shall wilfully refule or neglect to make such Return for Ten' Days after receiving any Requidtion for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, or Deputy Secretary at War, or mall wilfully insert in any such Return any false Statement of any Matter required by the Secretary at War, under the Authority of this Act, to be dated therein, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Secretary at War, by any such Return, or other wise, that any Monies are remaining in the Hands of any such Clerk or other Person as aforesaid, which ought to be distributed ot paid over to any other Persons under any of the fai<f recited Acts, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, to make an Order upon such Clerk or other renon as aforesaid to pay over the same; and every such Clerk or other Person as aforesaid, having any such Money as aforesaid in his Hands, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to pay over any such Money according to any such Order of the Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, within Ten Days after receiving the same, shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of One hundred Pounds and double the Amount of the Money so remaining in his Hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all. Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, may be recovered either in the Manner herein after directed, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney Genera), in any of His Majesty's Court of Record at Westminster> or the Court of Great Session in the Principality of IVair i, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, as the Case* may require,

wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, when recovered, shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any such Clerks of Subdivisioij Meetings or other Persons whatsoever, having in their Hands any such Fines, Moieties of Fines, Half Parts, or Residues of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to make any such Return as is prescribed by this Act within Ten Days after such Requisition as aforesaid, or shall* make an-u itrue Return as aforesaid, or shall not, within TcA Days after receiving any Order for the Payment over of any Money as aforesaid, pay the same according to such Order, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's

A.D. 180ff. 48° GEO. III. C. 107 — 109. 357

Court of Exchequer, and such Court it hereby authorised, on the Application of His Majesty's Attorney General by Motion to the said JCourt, in a summary Way to hear and determine the-Matter of such Application 5 and if upon Notice of such Application to tho'Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings or other Person aforesaid, in respect of whom such Application shall have been made, no sufficient Cause shall be shewn for such Default, Neglect, or Omission as aforesaid, if shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to aiTefs such Penalties and Fine respectively as are herein-before imposed, and to cause the same respectively to be levied by D\jlr\ngas % or other Process applicable to the Nature of the Cate, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court,

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Persons making'Clerk or other Person, duly making all such Returns as shall be re- Ret«n»aand

ijuired of him under the Authority of this Act, and duly and faith-ully paying over all Money according to any such Order as afore-saidf shall be and is hereby indemnified against and released and, dif- from all funner charged from all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Suits to lyhich he might Fcnaluaa.' \ have been liable by any former Acts, for any Neglect in making Returns, or in not paying over any such Money as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

' 1

CAP. CVIIfc

An Act for carrying into complete Execution and Effect certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Compensation t the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland» as far as respects the Compensation to John MtClintoek, and William Foster M'Clintock Esquires,

Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the 4aid Court of Exchequer.

[25th June 1808.]

44 43 G. 3. c. 53. $ 9, 10. recited. — Amount of Fees and Emoluments received by Messrs. Unlock may be ascertained as under §9.

44'of recited Act within Three hfontns after passing this Act. § I.

Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts in Ireland, shall enquire into Diminution 01 luck Fees, and the Amount, on their Certificate to the Treasury, shall become a Charge on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, §2. I See §10. of recited Act.) — Publick Act, §3."

CAP. CIX.

An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories, on the Continent of South America.

[25th June 1808.]

' YTT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Par- 41 G.a. c. 11- liament, intituled An Act for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguese Shipst any Goods, Wares, or Merchan- dize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Terri-

tones and Possessions (which are not prohibited by Law, to be imported from Foreign Countries) are permitted to be imported into

Aa3 4 this

A.D. 1809.

H*.

C. 109.

48° GEO. III.

Goods of the Giomh of Brazil, &c. (not prohibited) irapoited in British-built Ships or in VesseU described in recited Ask may be Landed on Payment of the lowest Duty, payable on the like Goods from other Foreign Countries; in

Britishor Foreign Bottoms, respectively.

Brazilian Tobacco shall be subject to the same Duty as Tobacco imported by British Subjects from Briufh Colonies, and Brazilian Snuff to the same Duty as if imported from Europe, &c. and may be warehoused and exported fdbjed to Duties under 48 G. 3. c. 96. and under the Regulations of 29 G* 3. c. 68. and 30 G. 3, t* 40.

+this Kingdom, in such Foreign Ships or Vessels as are therein described: And whereas it is expedient that Relief should also be given with respect to the Duties payable on certain Articles being of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Territories or Possessions, imported into Great Britain; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America

(which are not prohibited by Law from being imported from Foreign Countries V, and which shall have been or shall be imported directly into Great Britain, either in 2?ri///&-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, or in such Ships or Vessels as are in the said recited Act particularly described, shall and may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Exrife, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or De-» scription, upon their Importation into Great Britain from any other Foreign Country 5 and in Cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcfiption, imported from different Foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowest Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any other Foreign Country: Provided always, that where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are imported from Brazil, or any of the said Territories or Posseflioiri in any Ship or Vessel not' being British-built, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to the Duties due and payable on limilar Articles when imported in such Ship from any other Foreign Country.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Tobacco being the Growth or Production of Brazil, or of any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, ipay be imported into Great Britain in British-built Ships or Vessels, or in such Ships or Vessels as are described in the said recited Act, upon Payment of the same*Duties of Customs and ExcHe, as Tobacco imported by British Subjects from any Britfh Colony or Plantation in America is subject to; and that any Snuff being the Manufacture and Produce tion of Brazil, or of any of the said Territories or Possessions, may be imported into Great Britain in Manner before mentioned, upon Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise as Snuff being the Production or Manufacture of Europe, imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be subjedfc to, and may be warehoused and again exported without the Payment of any Duty on the Exportation thereof, except the Duties imposed by an Act, paired in this Session of Parlia* meat, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Cvfioms on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisieni of certain Orders in Council, such Tobacco and Snuff to be subject respectively nevertheless to all and singular the Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the Importation and Exportation

A.D. 1808.

359

48° GEO. III. C. 109.

thereof, or in any other Respect relating the reto* of an Act» made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Jf3 for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snujft a*d for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and of another Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the loft Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; dr of any other Act since made relating the reto: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or anywise -alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within the Kingdom of Great Britaint or to repeal or anywise alter any Special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Per* ions. Bodies Politico or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law.

" Duties shall be levied and applied as other Duties of Customs and u Excise. §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, o % Mer- Drrofttrks on

chandize so imported from Braxilf or any other Territories or Pof- Exportation of feffioos of the Crown of Portugal in South America, shall upon the Goo^ so Exportation thereof from Great Britain be entitled to the same Draw- Goods*

backs as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, to the Brails, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, when

exported from Great Britain; and that there shall be aHowedLaitd paid the same Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Braxilf or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South Americat or any of them, as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goocfs, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, to any of the I Hands, Plantations, or Colonies belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in America.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Goods not this Act shall extend or be condrued to extend to exempt any Goods* k)c tempted Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture

of Braxilf or of any of the Territories or Dominions of Portugal oa ^q9 3. £ a*, the Continent of Americas from the Payment of any of the Duties imposed by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumeratedf in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-shird Year of the 43 G. 3.«. 13*.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehousee without Payment of Duty; it is enacted, That certain Articles enumerated in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the said Act, may be secured in Warehouses belonging to the West India Dock Com-

f pany without Payment of Duty: And whereas it is expedient to

extend the said Indulgence, and to allow such Articles being the Growth and Produce of Braxilf or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported

3$o

Commissioners of Customs may direct Articles from the Brazils to be secured inWtreboafef of the West India Docks or London Docks, as under.

43 G. 3. c. 132. Schedule (A.)

After 1 June 1809, Annual Bounty of 3U per Ton (not exceeding 100) to Owners (or Hirers) of certain Buffet employed in the DeepSra British White Herring Fishery.,

C. 109, no. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 180§.

directly from thence, to be secured in Warehouse* belonging either' to the London Dock Company or to the West India Dock Company *be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Three or more of them, to direct any of the Articles enumerated or described in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the said recited Act, being of the Growth or Produce of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported directly from thence, to be secured either in the Warehouses belonging to the West India Dock Company, or in the Warehouses belonging to the London Dock -Company, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, on Application being made fot that Purpose to the said Commissioners, by the Owners, Proprietors, or Consignees of any such Goods, any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Paniament, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Goods so secured in any of the ^Warehouses belonging to either of the said Dock Companies, shall have the same Benefits and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Securities, and restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, -as the like Goods if secured in the Warehouses belonging to the West India Dock Company would have been, or would be Fubjestand liable, to, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act.

CAP. CX.

An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[25th Jtnte 1808.]

WHEREAS the Improvement of the British White Herring Fisheries is an Object of moil essential Importance to the Wealth and commercial Prosperity, as well as to the Naval Strength of this Kingdom, for the Attainment of which it is expedient, that more effectual Regulations should be made, in order to the insuring a due and proper Attention to the curing,

Sotting, and packing of White Herrings* that the Credit of the British Fish-

erie8 in our Colonies and in Foreign Parts may be maintained; 9 be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen. of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, a Bounty of Three Poundspir Ton shall be paid annually in the Manner herein after prescribed, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Buss or Vessel of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen, being British-built, owned in Great Britain, and mapnedt. navigated, and registered according to Law, which shall be fitted out for and be actually employed in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, in the Manner and under the Regulations prescribed by this Act; provided that such Bounty shall not, in respect of any Buss or Vessel, be computed or paid on any greater Number of Tons than

48° GEO. III.

C110.

3(1

One hundred, although such Buss or Vessel shall be of greater Bur* then: Provided always that if any Buss or Vessel properly fitted for the Deep Sea White.Herring Fishery in the Manner required by this Act, shall be hired for carrying on the said Fishery, the Person or Persons hiring the Came shall be entitled to the Bounty on the Tonnage thereof io the same Manner as if such Person or Persons was or were Owner or Owners of such Buss or VeiTeL

II. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel shall be deemed or considered to be employed in the Deep Sea Herring Fishery, unless the Nets shall be attached to the Vessel while they are set, and shall be (hot directly from and hauled into the same without the Inter*, mention or Ufp of a small Boat for that Service, the Vessel not being at Anchor while the Crew are /hooting the Nets, nor during the Time they are set, nor while the Crew are hauling or taking them in, nor unless the Herrings caught or taken in the Manner' aforesaid, shall receive their First. Cure on board such Vessels in Barrels and not in Bulk.

til. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of June One thousa id eight hundred and nine, there shall be. paid for every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of White Herrings, caught in the British Fisheries and landed in Great Britain, and which shall be cured and packed according to the Directions of this Act, a Bounty of Two Shillings. 1

IV.«And whereas by Two several Acts passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, it was

amoqgft other Things provided that it mould be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent uniter the

Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons resident in Scotland, not exceeding the K Number of Twenty-one, to be Trustees for overseeing, directing, and better improving the Linen and Hempen Manufactures within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with Power to the said Trustees, or any Number of them, by the said Letters Patent to be determined, to assemble at such Place or Places, and to fiake

such Rules and Orders for the Improvement of the said Manufactures, and for preventing Abusea therein, as they shall think expedient, coniiflent with the true Intent and Meaning of that Act, and with the Laws and Statutes of the Realm; and also to appoint the same Number of Persons to ber Trustees and Commissionest for managing and directing the Application of the Sums in t he last mentioned otthe said Acts, according to the Plan and Method that should be settled and established as therein mentioned, and for executing the several Powers and Authorities which by the said Letters Patent shall to them be committed by His Majesty, His Heirs cr Successors:

*4 Atid whereas it is expedient that the Number of Trustees or Commissioners by the said Acts so limited, should, for the Purposes of this Act, be increased: be it therefore enacted, That from and after the rafting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in

«lace of the Great Seal thereof, to inercafe the Number of the said 'rustees to Twenty-eight.

What Vefleb fluU be deemed employed in ihs Deep Sea FUhoy,

per Barrel on White Herrings landed and rand. (See §36, &c.)

19Gr.I.C. 3*.

4 18. and c. 30.

4 2. for appoints ingTWnty-one-Trustets of Linen and Hemp Mazm-ft&urea ia Scotland.

Number of Cud Trustees may be inaeased to Twenty-eight.

And

6 % C.itv. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

His Majesty miy appoint Seven of the said Trusteea to be Commissioners for the White Herring Fishery.

©athol V U Commissiotiers for the Herring Fishery.

Said Commissionenshall make annual Reports to the General Board c»f Trustees and 10 Parlianeut.

V. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful far His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of such Trustees or Commissioners as aforesaid, not exceeding Seven, to be Commissioners specially for overseeing, directing, and better improving the White Herring Fishery, with Power to thru* or any Number of them by the said Letters Patent to be determined, to execute or cause to be executed the Provisions of this Act in the Manner herein mentioned, and for that Purpose to appoint a Secretary, and such Clerks and other Officers under them (the Number of such Clerks and other Officers being first approved of by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three of them) as they the said Commissioners to be appointed for the Herring Fishery shall think fit; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissionera of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to dinest such Salaries or Allowances, and all such other Expences as shall be incurred in the Execution of this Act* to be paid to such Secretary, Clerks, and other Officers, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall approve of; provided always, that no Person shall act as a Commissioner under the Authority of this Act, who shall be concerned directly or indirectly in the White Herring Fishery.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissionen for the Herring Fishery, to he appointed by virtue of this Act, before they proceed in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act save only the Power of administering the Oath herein after mentioned) shall severally take and subscribe the following Oath; that is to say,

4 t A* B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, according 1*to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me, by an Act passed in the Fortyeighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act {here insert the Title of this Act'} according to the Terms and Purport of the said Act; and that I am not, directly or indirectly, concerned as an Adventurer in the White Herring Fishery or as a Curer of Herrings, nor will I, so long as'I shall continue to ( ad as a Commissioner under the said Act, be concerned, either directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said Fishery or as a 4 Curer of Herrings. 4 So help me GOD.4

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners may administer to the other or others of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, appointed by virtue of th^s Act shall, and they are hereby required to deliver in annually, on the First Day of June in every Year, to the Eoard of Trustees or Commissioners for Fisheriea and Manufactures in Scotland, appointed in pursuance of the above recited Acts, a full and accurate Report of their Proceedings for the Year preceding, and shall also cause to be laid before each House of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session, a Copy of the said Report, signed by the said Commissioners of the Herring Fishery. x

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for die

4 Lord*

C.tio.

48° GEO. III.

3«3

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to appoint a Commi&oned Admiralty fla! Officer in His Majesty's Navy as Superintendant of the Fishery de-Pj^int scribed in this Act as the Deep Sea Fishery, for the Purpose of cauf- Smwlnandwit.ing the same to be carried on according to the Regulations of this ofihe &i<J l)«p Ad, and also as well for preserving Order among the Persons em- Sat British ployed therein, as for protecting them and their Vessels. against Ene* White. Heiring xnies, which Person so to be appointed Superintendant, shall annu- Elba*. ally proceed in a proper Vessel or Vessels of sufficient Force, to be provided for that Purpose, to Brajfey Sound in Shetland (which is hereby appointed to be the Place of Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery) so as to arrive there before the Fifteenth Day of June, and the said Superintendant shall remain with the Vessels which shall be employed in the Fishery during the Cone tinuance thereof for the Season; and shall, as often as he shall be required transmit to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and to the Commissioners for the Fiftiery, a List of the Bufles or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, together with the Number and Ages of the Men employed on board thereof, distinguishing the Capacities in which they respectively aft,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer who shall be

appointed Superintendant as aforesaid, shall take and subscribe the Oath following, which Oath any One of the Commissioners for the Fishery, or any Justice of the Peace, shall be authorised to administer: .'

I do fokmnly swear, That' I am not, direct1 y or indircdUy, Oath of

concerned a3 an Adventurer in the White Herring Fiftiery or in Supemitcnlftnt.

any other Fishery, or as a Curer of Fish 5 and that I will not be concerned therein, either dire£Uy or indirectly, during the Time I 4 shall acte as Superintendant of the White Herting, Fiftiery.

1*So help me GOD.*

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Treasury shall Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or iriore of appoint Office*?* them, to appoint Persons at the respective Places on the Coast of of the FiOwry; Great Britain, where Herrings are caught or cured, and at the Ports

or Places where Vessels are usually fitted out for the Br'uish Herring Commissioneiit* Fishery, and where Vessels employed in the said Fishery usually dil- the Fishay. charge their Cargoes, and also at the PoTts of Exportation, to overlook the curing of all Herrings caught, to take an Account of and clear out ail Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Stores shipped or put on board any Buss, Vessel, or Boat for the said Fishery, and to inspect and take Account of all Herrings landed or exported, and to certify whether the Fish are properly pined, cured, and paeked, so as to be entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, or fit to be exported; provided always, that no Person shall be appointed an Officer for the Performance of -any of those Duties unless Inch Person shall have exercised the Trade of a Cooper, and been.employed in the curing and packing of Herrings, and shall be skilful therein, and fully qualified to execute the Duties which will be required of him under the Provisions of this Act, Certificates of which 'Qualifications shall be transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by such Persons and in such Manner as shall be satisfactory to the said Lords Commissioners; and every such Officer, so to be appointed, shall obey such Initruttious, Orders, or Directions

as

3^4 -

Oath of Officers of the Ftthery and Secretary, Officer* and CMt>,

9io Net shalt be fed having a Meffi oi lei* than One Inch.

Penalty 40l., &c.

How Bu(Tea shall be fitted out to entitle them to claim the Bounty on Tonnage*

C. no: ' 48° GEO. III. A.D. 180S»

as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, signified under their Hands or under the Hand of their Secretary,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary^ and every Clerk or Officer of the Fishery to be appointed by virtue of this Act,

'shall be liable to be suspended or difnuflfd from his Office or Employment respectively, by the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, either for Incompetency or for Neglect of Duty; provided always, that every such Officer of the Fishery, and the Secretary, and every Officer and Clerk under the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, previous to his entering upon the Duties of his Office, take and subscribe the follow? ing Oath:

T A* B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, according

A to ti e best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office ana

Trust committed to me, of [the Name of the Office to he here met1-

tioned} and that I am not, directly or mdirectly, concerned-as an

Adventurer in the White Herring Fishery, or in any other Fishery, 9or as a Curer of Fish, nor will I, so long as I shall continue to act as

[the Name of the Office to be here mentioned] be concerned, either

f directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said Fishery or as a < Curer of Fish.*So help me GOD.9

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery may administer to such Officer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Find Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Person shalt use in any Riv$r or Lock or at Sea, in or oh the Coast of Great Britainr, any Herring Net, or any Traul Net, Drag Net or other Sea Net for the taking of Herrings, which hath k Mefh of less than One Inch from Knot to Knot, or any false or double Bottom Cod or Pouch, or shall put any Net, though of legal Size, behind the pthers to destroy the small Fish, and that every Person offending herein shall forfeit every such* Net as aforesaid, and the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Offence; and it shall be lawful for Ac Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, to be appointed pursuant to this Act, to cause every such Net to be burnt.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Buss or Vessel shall be deemed to be properly fitted out for, and to be duly employed in the British Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of this Act, unless such Buss or Vessel shall have on board (put up in new Barrels) Sixteen Bushels of Salt at the least for every Last of Herrings which such Buss or Vessel shall be capable of containing, and also as many shore ne\y Barrels as such Buss or Vessel is capable of carrying; nor unless such Buss or Vessel shall have on board Three hundred Square Yards of Netting at the least for every Ton of her Admeasurement, together with the customary Quantity of other Materials, for the Equipment and mounting of the Quantity of Netting hereby required to be provided; nor unless such Buss or Vessel shall be manned with the Number of Men following at the least: that is to say, with Ten Men if such Buss or Vessel shall not exceed the Burthen of Sixty Tons; if she shall exceed the Burthen of Sixty Tons, and shall be under the Burthen of Seventy Tons, with Eleven Men; and if

A.D. 180ft»

48° GEO/ in C.ixo, $6$

such Buss or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons' or upwards, then with One Man more for every Ten Tons by which such -Buss or Vessel shall exceed Seventy Tons, Two of which Number respectively may be foreign Seamen experienced in the Deep Sea Her* nog Fishery, any Thing in any Law to the contrary not with (landing 5

provided always, that no Buis or Vessel which shall exceed the Burthen of One hundred Tons, shall be required to have on board any greater Quantity of Salt, or of Netting or Materials for the mounting thereof, or any greater Number of Men, than a Vessel of the Burthen of One hundred Tons is hereby required to have on board, or any greater Number than Five hundred Barrels; provided also, that it shall not be deemed necessary for any Buss or Vessel to have on^ board the full Number of Men hereby required, until her Arrival at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Fishery.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in order to entitle the Description of Owner of every Buss or Vessel who shall claim any Bounty on the the Voyage to Tonnage thereof, to receive the same by virtue of this Act, such mad* ty kufles Buss or Vessel shall be cleared Out from the Port in Great Britain

where such Buss or Vessel was bond side fitted for her intended Voyage, Bounty. and shall proceed directly to Brajfey Sound in Shetland, where (he shall arrive on or before the Twenty-second Day of June in each 1 Year and the Crew shall not (hoot or wet the Nets before the Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month, from which Day they shall Continue to fish in Manner herein described on the Goans of Great Britain or Ireland\ until the Fifteenth Day of September following, unless before the last mentioned Day the Quantity of Herrings taken in the said Buss or Vessel, »and cured and packed on board thereof,

shall amount to Four Barrels of Herrings not repacked, or in the State in which they are called'Sea Sticks, Tor every Ton not exceeding One hundred Tons of the' Admeasurement of such Buss or Vessel 5 and that no Fish other than Herrings shall be taken or cured by the Crew of such Buss* or Vessel, nor shall any Fish not taken by the Crew thereof be received on board the same, during the whole Course of the Voyage, save only for the Suflenance of the Crew; and that all the Herrings which mall be taken by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, and cured and packed on board thereof, shall be landed in Great Britain.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners or Regulations

any One of thm, or the Agent of the Owner or Owners of any fitting and detr-Buss or Vessel who shall intend to fit out the same for the Deep Sea ing out Busses-at British White Herring Fishery, and in respect thereof to claim anyh* I*0'1 Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of this Act, shall give No-

tice thereof in Writing under his or their Hand or Hfmde, to the

Officer of the Fishery appointed in that Behalf at or for the Port or Place where such Buss or Vessel shall be intended to be fitted out, and shall in such Notice specify the Name of such Buss or Vessel,

' the Port to which Ihe belongs, whether (he was actually built in the British Dominions, or was, taken, and condemned as lawful Prize; the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners and of the Mailer thereof respectively, the Tonnage thereof according to the Regiiler, and the Date of the Registry of such Vessel; and shall also therein declare, that the said Buss or Vessel is sufficient, and in every Respect fit and proper for such Voyage and Fishingas aforesaid; and shall spe-cifv also fne Quantity of Salt, the whole Number of Barrels, dillin-gulshing those which-are filled with Salt from those which are empty;

g/56

C. no.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Owner or Agent, Hid Matter, 'AmO nakeOatk,

aid give Bond.

the Quantity of Netting with Materials for mounting the same, and the Quantities and Sorts of Prorifions for the Crew during the Voyage, which shall be intended to be shipped or put on board such Buss or Vessel; and the Officer to whom such Notice shall be given, or such other Officer as shall be thereunto duly appointed, shall go on board such Buss or Vessel, and view the Condition thereof, and shall examine the Register to ascertain the Accuracy of the Statement of her Tonnage, and also shall examine and take Account of the Quantity of Salt, and of the several and respective Sorts of Stores and Provisione Rated to be intended to be put on board such Buss or Vessel in such Notice, and shall fee the same shipped or put on board accordingly; and if it shall appear to him that such Buis or Vessel is sufficient, and in every Respect fit and proper for such a Voyage, and is (toned, victualled, and fitted out in Terms of such Notice, and according to the Regulations of this Act, the said Officer shall certify the same on the Back of the Notice, ami One or more of the Owners or their Agent, and the Matter of such Buss or Vessel, shall respectively make Oath before an Officer of the Fishery, that it is*trifly his determined Puq>o(e that such Buss or Vessel as then furnished and provided, shall forthwith, after Licence shall be granted, proceed to Brajfey Sound in Shetland, and be there on or before the Twenty-second Day of June, having on board not less than such a Number of Men (to be mentioned in the Oath) as such Buss or Vessel is hereby required to have on board, and shall not (hoot or wet her Nets before the Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month of June, and shall ii(h for Herrings in the Deep Sea Fishery iu Manner following; that is to say, the Crew shall (hoot and haul the Nets dirc&ly from and into the said Buss or Vessel, without the Intervention or Use of a small Boat? the Nets being attached to the Vessel while they are set, the Vessel not being at Anchor when the Crew are (hooting the Nets, during the Time tnevNets are set, nor while the Crew are hauling or taking them in; and shall cure all the Herrings taken or caught in the said Nets in Barrels and not in Bulk on board such Buss or Vessel, and that the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel shall so continue fishing in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery, upon the Coatts of Great Britain or Ireland, in an orderly and regular Manner, and without impeding or obstructing the Crew of any other Vessel which shall be employed in the said Fishery, from the said Twenty-fourth Dav of June until the Fifteenth Day of September in every Year, unless before the last mentioned Day the Herrings taken or caught and cured in Manner aforesaid by the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel, shall amount to or exceed the Proposition of Four Bapnels of Herrings not re-paeked, or in the State io which they are commonly called Sea Sticks, and that no Fish other than Herrings shall be taken or cured by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, nor any Fish not caught or taken by the Crew thereof received on board the same, during the whole Course of the Voyage, save only for the Suttenance of the Crew during the Voyage, and that all the Herrings which shall be taken by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, and cured and packed on board thereof, shall be landed in Great Britain, which Oaths, subscribed by the respective Parties making the same, and also the said Notice, with such Certificate indorsed thereon as aforesaid, shall be transmftted by the said Officer to the Commissioners to be appointed pursuant to this Act, and the Matter of the said Buss or Vessel; and the Owner or One of the Owners, or the Agent of the Owners, shall with One or more sufficient Surety

or

0

A.D. 180$* 48° GEO. III. OL110.

Or Sureties, enter into Bond to His Majesty, His -Heirs and Successors, in a Sum equal to Treble the Amount of the Bounty computed on the Tonnage of such Buss or Vessel (which Bon'd any Officer of the Fishery is hereby authorised and required to take, and which shall be exempt from the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Paper and Parchment) for the faithful dealing of the Matter and Crew of such Buss or Vessel in respect of such Voyage and Fishing;. all which Requi- Licence tlttre-sites having been duly performed, the proper Officer of the Fishery, upon for dw by Instrument in Writing under his Hand (setting forth the Parti- Vopge culars, which shall appear by the Notice and Certificate indorsed there-

v on as' herein mentioned, and also that Bond has been given according "T* to the Direction of this Act) shall give to the Matter of such Bum or Vessel license to proceed on his Voyage to the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Regulations for Buss or Vessel at Rrajfcy Sound, the Rendezvous hereinbefore pro- examining vided for the said Deep Sea Fishery, the Matter thereof shall enter Buffet at the such Buss or Vessel with the Superintendant of the said Fishery, and shall produce to him his Licence, and also (if required) the Register or Certificate of Registry of the said Buss or Vessel, and shall deliver to» him a Statement in Writing on what Day the said Buss or Vessel failed from the Port where (he cleared out, and what Quantities of Salt, Barrels, Nets, with Materials for mounting the lame, and of Provisions respectively, shall be then on hoard such Buss or Vessel, and to what Port In Great Britain he intends to return for the Discharge of the said Buss or Vessel; and the said Superintendant shall then go ob board such Buss or Vessel, and as far as Ciroiunttances will permit, shall inform himself whether the said Stores and Provisions are actually on board thereof, and shall mutter and take an Account in Writing of the Number, Names, and Descriptions of the Crew thereof, which shall be entered at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence; and if he shall be Satisfied that such Buss or Vessel is completely ttored, and has on board the Number of Men required by this Act, he shall, by a Certificate under his Hand, declare thje'said Buss or Vessel to be entitled to commence the said Deep Sea White Herring Fishery for the Tonnage Bounty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Herrings taken, cured, Herrings taken, and packed on each Day by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, shall C1?rfd x be distingui shed from all other Herrings by a Mark or Marks, Cha-

rafter or Characters, to be set on the Barrel or Barrels in which the Marla on th*

same shall be paeked, of such Description and in such Manner as shall Baneb, &c.

be prescribed by any Regulation to be made by the Commissioners for the Fishery by virtue of this Act, and shall denote on what Day such

Herrings were So taken, cured, and paeked, and whether the same

were cuted and packed gutted, or were cured and packed ungutted,

and Herrings, gutted after the Day when the same were taken shall be packed separately from other gutted Herrings, and shall be dif-

iinguished by a Mark or Character to be set as aforesaid, which -

Marks or Characters shall not be at any Time effaced or altered.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Powers and Superintendant of the Fishery, or any Person or Persons acting by Duties of the his Orders, at all Times whenever he shall think fit, either at Sea, ^»(je»intendsnt during the Continuance of the Fishery, or after the Return from the

fishery, to go onboard any, of the Vessel* employed in the Fishery

undec

Under his Superintendance, to inspefl the Licence and Certificate of x Registry of such Vessel, and the Journal kept by the Matter, pursuant to the Directions of this Act (all which the Matter of every such Bufior Vessel, on being thereunto required, shall forthwith produce and deliver to the said Superintendant for his Inspection and Examination, and the said Superintendant is hereby empowered to detain stay such Buss or Vessel till all or any of the said ^Documents demanded by him shall be so produced or delivered to him) and to af-cfcrtain whether the Number of Mon hereby required to be on board the said Buss or Vessri be actually employed therein during rile fishing, and until they be discharged according to the Directions of this Ad, and to insped the Manner in which the Herrings are taken, cured, and paeked, and whether the Matter and other Persons on board, the same are in all Respects carrying on and prosecuting the said Fishery in the Manner hereby required; and if any Person or Persons shall impede or obstruct, or attempt to impede or obftntd, any other Person or Persons in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery, the said Superintendant shall require such Person or Persons so impeding or obstructing, or attempting to impede or obstrad any other Person or Persons, to desist from so doing; and if such Person or Persons so required to defist, shall disregard such Requifitrots, it shall be lawful for the said Superintendant to employ such Force as shall be necessary to compel him or them to preserve Order; and if it shall appear to the said Superintendant that the Number of Men hereby required to be qn board each Buss or Vessel, were riot On board thereof at any Time.when they ought to have been, according to the Regulations of this Act, or that the Matter or any Part of the Crew are or were not in all Respects carrying on and prosecuting the Fishery in the Manner hereby required, or had impeded or obstructed, or attempted to im-/'pede or obstruct, any other Person or Persons in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery, the said Superintendant shall report the same fully and particularly to the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to, be appointed by virtue of this Act, and shall deliver one Copy of such Report under his Hand, to the Matter of such Buss or Vessel, and shall transmit another Copy to the said Commissioners by the first Opportunity; and if any Person or Persons shall refill or oblmi6l such Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting under him in the Execution of any of the Powers to him or them given by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred

r* Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Matter of of a*Bu^at the* any u^8 or Vessel licensed and cleared out for the said Deep Sea Fish-Deep Sea Fiiheiy cry, at any Time during the Continuance of the Fishing as limited by into another tfiis Act, to transtiip into any other Vessel not being licensed for the Vessel, pwknrfly said Fishery pursuant to the Directions of this Act, ar.v Quantity of Herrings which shall hate been taken by the Crew of such Buis or earned into Port. Vessel, and by them cured and packed in Barrels on board the same, i ' and the said Herrings so transhipped shall be conveyed to and landed

at the Port in Great Britain where such Buss or Vessel shall be intended to be cleared inwards, and shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Cargo of such Buss or Vessel 5 provided that the Matter of the Vessel if* which such Herrings shall be caigied into Port, shall bring with the said Herrings a Copy of the Licence of the Buss or Vessel out of which the said Herrings were received, with a Declaration under the Hand of the Matter thereof (indorsed on such Copy) setting forth the

Number

s

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 110. .^69

Number of Barrels of Herrings so transhipped out of such Buss or Vessel, into such other Vessel as aforesaid, that the same were taken v. and cured as aforesaid, specifying the Date of the taking, curing, and packing of the Herrings contained in each Barrel, and whether the same were cured and packed gutted, or were cured and packed un-

futted, and distinguishing each Barrel by the Marks or Characters to be specified in such Declaration! which shall be set on the Barrels in which the said Herrings shall be packed respectively, as also " the Name of the Vessel on board of which the same shall be trans-shipped, the Name of the Mailer thereof, and the Name of the Port for which the same were so put on board, which Declaration shall be produced to the Officer of the Fishery at such Port, before any of the said Herrings shall be unshipped or laid on Land; and the Mailer of such Vessel shall make Oath at the Fqpt of the said Declaration, before the said Officer, that the Herrings on board the said Vessel are the very same which were transhipped out of such Buss or Vessel, as mentioned in the said Declaration; and such Officer shall attend v

the landing thereof, and take account of the Herrings landed out of the said Vessel, together with the Marks on the Barrels containing the same.'

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Buss oP Vessel shall not ar- Bust not rive at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Fishery till after the driving at tfc* Twenty-second Day of Junes. and shall not begin to fish till after the ^enjkf.vou* or Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month in any Year and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commimoners for the Herring prescribed, &c. Fishery appointed by virtue of this Act, that such Buss or Vessel did may obtain the really and bona fide take her Departure for the said* Rendezvous Five Tonnage Bounty Days at the lead before the said Twenty-second Day of June; or if any such Buss or Vessel which shall have been licensed for the said C'ondl Deep Sea Fishery, and for which a Certificate shall have been obtained at the Place of Rendezvous to entitle the Crew to commence the Fishery, shall at any Time before the Fifteenth Day of September in the same Year, be compelled to discontinue fishing by* Streis of Weather, Loss of Nets or Stores, or other unavoidable Cause, before the*/

Quantity of Herrings shall have been taken and cured as required by this Act, and to come into any Port, Harbour, or Anchorage on the Coaff of Great Britain or Ireland, the Owner of such Buss or Vessel

shall not for such Cause be precluded from receiving the Tonnage Bounty; provided the Master thereof, in the Case last mentioned, \

shall give immediate Notice of such his Arrival, and of the Didref8 or Necessity which forced him to take Shelter in such Port, Harbour, or Anchorage, and shall make Proof thereof by the Oaths of him-v self and his Mate before any Officer of the Fishery at such Port or Place, which Oaths such Officer is hereby authorised to administer;

and if there shall not be any Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place, the Oaths shall then be administered by any Justice of the Peace, and the same shall be written at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence, and shall be subscribed by the Parties making the same:

Provided also, that the Mader of such Buss Or Vessel shall use his*utmod Endeavours to refit the said Buss or Vessel, and to take on board the Supplies, and the Number of Men necessary to enable himr to continue his fishing Voyage (as the Case may require), and shall accordingly return to and continue the Fishing in Manner herein directed, and shall in either of the Cases above-mentioned continue to fish 48 Geo. III. Bb in

A.D. 1800.

The Tonnage - Bounty not to be paid on any Buff which shall not have on hoard the full Number of Men except lit case of Death, Hie.

The Matter of every Buss employed in the Dmi&ea Rflieiy, for the Tonnage Bounty, shall keep a Journal.

Gzio. 48° GEO. III.

in Manner aforesaid, after the Fifteenth Day of September, until the Expiration of such a Space of Time as, when added to the Time dunng which such Buss or Vessel shall have fished before that Day, shall be equal to the Period which extends from the Twenty-fourth Day of June to the Fifteenth Day of September next ensuing, unlefa the Crew thereof shall have taken, cured, and packed before the Expiration of that Time, such Quantity of Herrings as is hereinbefore mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty'granted by this Act shall not be allowed or paid in respect of any Buis or Vessel which shall not have had on board the Number of Men hereinbefore required, from the Time when the Crew thereof shall have been mustered at the Rendezvous by the Superintendant as aforesaid, during the whole Continuance of the Fishing, and until the said Buss or Vessel completed her Fishing in Manner prescribed by this Act, and until (he shall return to a Port in Great Britain, and the Crew shall be. there muflered by the proper Officer of the Fishery at such Port, before whom the Mailer and Mate shall make their Oaths that the Number of Men required by this Act were on board such Buss or Vessel during the whole of the Time aforesaid, utilefs any Diminution of the said Number of Men shall have been occasioned by Death, Sickness, or actual Desertion 5 and in the Event of any such Diminution of the Crew, that the Matter used his utmost Endeavours to keep up and have on board the full Number of Men by this Act required, from the Day when the Crew were muflered at the Rendezvous, until the Day when the Crew shall have been again muflered on the Return of the Buss or Vessel into a Port of Great Britain, which Oaths such Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and the same shall be written at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence, and subscribed by the Parties making the same 5 and the said Officer shall there also certify the Number, Names, and Description of the Men who were on board the said Buss or Vessel, upon' the Muster made by him as herein directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter of every Buss or Vessel in respect whereof the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed by virtue of this Act, shall keep a Journal, in which all Transactions and Occurrences shall be inserted every Day during the whole Course of the Voyage, from the Time of beginning to put on board the Vessel her Stores or Provisions, to the Time of her returning into a Port in Great Britain for the Discharge of her Cargo, Specifying the Quantity of Stores and Provisions of each Sort put on board before the Departure of the Vessel from the Port where (he was fitted out* the Time of her Arrival at the Rendezvous, and there being permitted to commence Fishing, the Number of Men taken on board, at what Place or Places respectively, the Winds and Weather, the Station of the Vessel each Day at Noon, and the Places, if any, where (he put in, and the Causes thereof, the Number of Barrels of Herrings taken, and the Number thereof cured and packed every Day, distinguishing Herrings cured and packed gutted, from Herrings cured and packed uugutted, and Herrings gutted on the Day when they were taken from Herrings gutted afterwards, specifying also the Mark or Marks set on each Barrel of Herrings so taken, cured, nd packed respectively, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; also

7 the

A.D. 1808.

C. no.

37x

48° GEO. III.

the Number of Barrels of Herrings (if any) with the respective Marks thereon, transhipped into any other Vessel for the Purpose of being carried into Port, with the Name of such Vessel, the Name of the Mailer thereof, and the Port to which Ihe was bound; the Death, Disability, or Desertion of any of the Crew; and the Endeavours used to supply the Places of such Persons.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Return of any such Buss or Vessel to any Port of Great Britain, where the Cargo thereof is intended to be landed, the proper Officer of the Fishery shall immediately go on board and view the Condition of the Vessel and of her Lacting, and the Mailer shall forthwith deliver up to such Officer his Licence, with the several Certificates and the Oaths re-

2uired to be taken, written at the Foot or on the Back thereof, and Ifo his Journal signed by himself, and shall verify upon Oath before such Officer the Truth of the said Journal so delivered up, and shall also make Oath before said Officer in the following Terms; that is to say.

4 T do swear, That I am Mailer of the

4 A Buss or Vessel the.of

arrived at this Port from the Deep Sea White Herring Fishery,

that the said Buss or Vessel was certified by the Superintendant to

be entitled to commence the Fishery at the Rendezvous, on the

4 Day of in consequence whereof

4 I proceeded in Prosecution of the said Fishery for Herrings, from the Day of / to the Day of

4 [here mentioning the Da f of beginning and the

4 Day of finally ceasing to fish, and in case the Fishing was interrupted add] except a Part of the Time, to wit, from the

4 Daj of to the Day of

during which Period the said Fishery was interrupted by Stress of Weatner [or as the Case may be] by the Death, Sickness, or Desertion of [here mentioning the Number]

of the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel, or by the Lois of Square Yards of Netting, or of other Stores [specifying the Sort and Quantity'] atld that the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel fished in an orderly and regular Manner, and did hot nor did any of them impede or moled any other Person or Persons employed in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery; that all the Herrings caught or taken by the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel were cured in Barrels on board the said Buss or Vessel, and no Part of them was cured ia Bulk; that no Fish other than Herrings were taken by the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel, and that no Fish not taken by the Crew thereof, were, during the Course of the Voyage, received or are now on board such Buss or Vessel, except for the Sufienance of the Crew thereof; that no Part of the Herrings taken, cured, and pack* 4 ed by the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel have been unshipped or

delivered out of the same, excepting Barrels of Herrings

transhipped out of the said Buis or Vessel on the

4 Day of and put on board the

whereof was MaAer for this Port, and that since the

4 Day of lad pad, when the said Buss or

4 Vessel cleared out for the said Fishery, till the Day of

when the Crew thereof finally ceased to

Bbafilh,

Regulations and Cam of Mato on Return of Buffet from the Deep Sea Herring Fishery, into a Port in Goat Britain for Discharge of hat Cargo.

48* Geo. nr.

A.D. 1808.

£orwmflion<Mr» of the Fiftiery shall determine on Complaint^ by the Super, inteudant.

Officer of the Fishery shall attend th*'

of the Herrings, Salt, &c. out of each Buss, and take Account thereof, and certify the fane, &c.

C. i io.

fish, the Number of Men and Quantity of Netting and OtherStfcres

required by Law were conftar.tly on board the said Buss or Vessel

employed in the Prosecution of the said Deep Sea Fishery [or, in tafe the Number of Men was diminfitd, or any Part of the Stores were lofl, the Time when such Diminution or Loft happened to be speeifiea, and that such Diminution happened by Death, Sickness, or Desertion, as the Case may be, and if by Desertion, that it happened without the Consent or Connivance of the Mq/lcr, mentioning the Time when, and the Manner in which any such Diminution of the Number of Men or Loft of Stores was fipplied, '] and that during the whole of the Time aforesaid, the said Buss or Vessel was not employed in

any Manner or for any Purpose except in the Herring Fishery/ Which Oath such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorised and re* quired to administer.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Superintendant of the Fishery shall be of Opinion there has been any thing culpable in the CoAdu& of the Mailer or Crew of any fcufs or Vessel claiming the Tonnage Bounty, or thal he or they mall have failed in complying with any of the Provisions in this Act, which Should prevent the Bounty being paid, and the Superintendant shall have made a Special Report thereof to the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, and shall nave transmitted the same to them, the said Commissioners shall forthwith make proper Enquiry thereinto, giving Notice to the Mailer and Owner or Owners oi such Buss or Vessel, or his or their Agent, that they may attend such Enquiry if tlfey shall think fit, and the said Commissioners shall, upon Consideration of all the Circumstances attending each Case, make such Order thereupon as to them shall seem proper, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Fishery at each Port shall attend the Landing of the Herrings and of the Salt which has not been used, and the Barrels (if any) not used, and the Nets out of each Buss or Vessel which shall have arrived from the Deep Sea Fishery, and shall take a particular Account thereof, specifying the Marks on the Barrels containing Herring?, and shall examine the Mailer's Journal, with the other Documents delivered by him, and the Account of the Cargo landed, and shall certify such Tnfpec-tion and Examination, together with his Observations thereon, with the Quantity of each respective Description of Herrings gutted or ungutted, which shall have been landed out of the said Buss or Vessel 5 and in case any Herrings shall have been landed at that Port out of any other Vessel, the Mailer of which brought a Declaration under the Hand of the Mailer of the said Buss or Vessel, that the Quantity of Herrings therein mentioned were taken, cured, 'and packed by the Crew of such Buss or Vessel, and transhipped out of the same into the said other Vessel, and the Mailer of which other Vessel made Oath that the Herrings which were on board thereof, were the same that were so transhipped as aforesaid, such Officer shall in that Case certify also the Quantity of Herrings of each Description so landed out of such other Vessel, mentioning the Name of such Vessel, and the Name of the Mailer thereof, and shall certify also the Tonnage of the said Buss or Vessel by Admeasurement.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Fishery

at

C.no.

373

at each Port shall transmit without Delay to the Commissioners for Officer of the the Herring Fishery to be appointed by this Act, the Licence with Fishery shall the Oaths and Certificates written at the Foot or on the Back there- CMtU0*

of, hereby required to be delivered up to him, together with the Oath aiMj Officer'*required to be made by the Matter on his Return into the Port for Certificate, on the Discharge of his Cargo, and the Certificate or Certificates hereby the Return an 1 directed tobe made by the proper Officer of the Fishery at such Port, Discharge of each'alfit the Declaration produced, and Oath made by the Matter of any rus>*'*Vessel out of which Herrings were landed, as having been tranship- °mm " ped out of such Buss or Vessel during the Fishing: A»id if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that all the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations by this Act directed to be observed have been duly fulfilled with respect to such Voyage and Fiffiing, they shall immediately Debentures for give a Debenture or Certificate for the Payment to the Owner or Own- the Tonnage ers of the said Buss or Vessel, or to his or their Assigns, of the Bounty I*°unty A*1* b* by this Act payable upon the Tonnage of such Buss or Vessel, ^ffissioners the Amount whereof shall be mentioned in such Debenture or Cer- amj "y tificate; and the said Commissioners shall at the same Time transmit E*eife Office, the Licence, Oaths, and Certificates, and Declaration aforesaid, with Notice of their having granted such Debenture or Certificate, to the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively; and the Commissioners of Excise or any Three or more of them in England, or the Commissioners of Excise or any Three or more of them in Scotland, on receiving such Documents, shall and they are hereby- authorised and required respectively, without Delay, to give an Order to their Cashier, or transmit an Order to the Collector of Excise at or nearest the Port or Place where such Buss or Vessel discharged her Cargo (at the Option of the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same) 5 and such Cashier or Collector, on receiving such* '

Order, is hereby required to pay on Demand the Sum expressed in such Debenture or Certificate, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from any Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise: Provided always, That in case the Matter Abatements in of any such Buss or Vessel shall have neglected to enter any Trans- case of Omission action, Occurrence, Matter, or Thing hereby required to be entered 'in the Matter's.in his Journal, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to make such Abatement from the Amount of the Bounty claimed for such Vessel as they in their Discretion shall think fit.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid by vir- Cmjjo Crew tue of this Act, on the Tonnage of any Buss or Vessel which shall be fitted out, or shall discharge her Crew or any Part thereof, or shall

land her Cargo at any Port or Place other than One where-an Officer tie ftetkmed.

of the Fishery shall be stationed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Mariners employed M«rin«r«

in every Buss or Vessel in the Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, not in*

being more than the Complement herein-before required to be on board the same, shall be and the fames are hereby protested from be- impieffed. ing impressed into His Majesty's Service, during so lon£ Time as such Buss or Vessel shall be actually carrying on the said Fishery, and until her Voyage Home from thence to the Port of her Discharge shall be fully completed and ended.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners or Hirers Owners of Buffet of every Buss or Vessel employed in the said Deep Sea Fishery, who emitted to the

Bb$ shall

374

C.UO.'

A.D. 1808.

pay the Crew 3*. per Barrel.

Officer may aft in Absence of Superintendant.

Additional Bounty of lh per Ton for the first 80 Buffer entitled to the Bounty of 3l*

Regulations for clearing out Vessels (other than Busses on the Tonnage Bounty) with Salt, &c. for the British Herring Fiiheiy.

48° GEO. III.

shall be entitled to receive the Tonnage Bounty under this Act, shall pay to the Matter, Mate, and Crew thereof (over and above such Wages as the said Crew shall by Agreement be entitled to re* ceive) an Allowance equal in Amount to Two Shillings, for every full packed Barrel of Herrings contained in the Cargo taken by them. Two-eighth Parts thereof to the Matter, One-eighth Part to the Mate, and the remaining Five-eighth Parts to the Rest of the Crew, to be equally divided among them, which Allowance shall be paid whenever the said Cargo of Herrings shall be full packed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Absenpe of the Superintendant of the Deep Sea Herring Fishery from Illbefs or other unavoidable Cause, any Officer of the Fishery authorised by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed pursuant to this Act, may and he is hereby authorised and required to do and perform every Matter or Thing which is hereby required to be done and performed by the Superintendant at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Fishery, or while the Fishery shall be going on.

XXX. And be it enacted, That for or in respect of the first Thirty Buttes which shall be fitted out and licensed for, and shall be employed in the Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, according to the Regulations of this Act, and the Crews of which shall respectively take, cure, and pack the Quantity of Herrings hereby required, the Owner or Owners thereof who shall be entitled to the said Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton, shall be respectively entitled to a further Bounty of Twenty Shillings her Ton for One Year and that of the Buttes, the Crews of which mail have taken the said Quantity of Herrings, those shall be preferred which shall have been first fitted out and licensed; and in case of Eqqality in that Respest, those Buttes, the Crews of which shall have taken the greater Quantity of Herrings, shall be preferred to those which shall have taken a less Quantity thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vessel or Boat, for which it is not meant the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed, shall be intended to be fitted out at any Port or Place in Great Britain where an Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed for the Britj/bJHernng Fishery, the Person intending so to fit out such Vessel or Boat, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Officer of the Fishery at such Port or Place, specifying the Quantity of Salt, the Quantity of Netting, the Number of Barrels, and the Quantity of other Stores which he intends to put on board the said Vessel or Boat, which he shall not ship or put on board without the Presence of such Officer; and the said Officer shall examine the Stores which shall be tendered to be shipped, and fee the same put on board the said Vessel or Boat, and shall give the Master a Certificate that the said Stores, specifying the Quantities and Sorts thereof respectively were so shipped or put on board in his Presence, mentioning the Name of the said Vessel or Boat, and the Name of the Matter thereof; and if any Salt, Barrels, Netft or other Fishing Stores, shall be shipped or put on board any such Vessel or Boat at any such Port or Place as aforesaid, for the British Herring Fishery, before such Notice shall be given, or without the Presence of such Officer as aforesaid, or be removed from thence in such Vessel or Boat without such Certificate as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs or Excise.

C. no.

37*

48° GEO. III.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter of every Vessel or Boat which shall proceed to the British Herring Fishery, having on board Salt to be used in the curing of Herrings, shall keep an Account of the Quantity of Herrings which he shall cure or cause to be cured every Day, and of the Quantity of Salt used in the curing thereof, and shall mention in such Account the Name of the Loch, Bay, or other Place on the Coast where such Herrings shall be cured, and the Manner in which the same shall be cured, namely, whether in Barrels or in Bulk, whether gutted or ungutted, whether on board or on shore, and whether by the Crew of such Vessel or Boat, or by Persons residing on shore, and by a Mark or Marks to be set on the Barrel or Barrel* in which the same shall be cured, according to such Regulations as shall be made in that Behalf by virtue of this Act; the Quantity of Herrings cured in Barrels every Day, shall be distinguished from all other Herrings, and the Quantity of Herrings cured ungutted from the Quantity cured gutted, in which Account shall be specified such Mark or Marks set on the Barrels respectively, and the Number of Barrels of Herrings so cured, with the Marks set thereon, which shall be shipped or put onboard such Vessel or Boat every Day, and if any Quantity of such Herrings shall be shipped or put on board any other Vessel or Boat to be carried to any Port in Great Britain, the Number of Barrels of Herrings, with the Marks set thereon, shall be specified in such Account, with the Name of such other Vessel or Boat and the Port for which the same shall be bound, which Account, signed by the said Matter, together with the said Ceil ideate, by the Officer of the Fishery in whole Presence the said Salt was shipped in such Vessel or Boat, the said Matter (h4ll bring with the said Herrings on board thereof, to any Port or Place of Great Britain, to which the same shall return or arrive for her Discharge; and if any Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed at such Port or Place, the Matter shall (before any Herrings or other Article shall be unshipped out of such Vessel or Boat) deliver the said Account and Certificate to such Officer, and shall verify the said Account on Oath before him who shall attend the Landing of the Herrings, Salt, and other Stores, and take a particular Account thereof; or if no Officer of the Fishery shall be stationed at such Port or Place, he shall verify the said Account on Oath before the Chief Officer of Excise or Customs there, or any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, and transtnit the same so verified on Oath, with the said Certificate, to the nearest Officer of the Fiftiery; and the Officer of the Fishery to whom the said Account shall be so delivered or Iransmitted, shall upon Demand deliver to the said Matter a Copy of the said Account, and of the Oath by him made thereon, certified by the said Officer under his Hands to be a true Copy.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter of every Vessel or Boat arriving from the British Herring Fishery at any Port or Place of Great Britain having on board Herrings cured with Salt,

which had been carried from any Port or Place in Great Britain to the

' laid Fishery in a different Vessel or Boat, shall bring with the said Herrings a Declaration signed by the Matter of the Vessel or Boat in which the said Salt was carried to the Fishery (with a Copy indorsed thereon of the Certificate by the Officer of the Fiftiery in whole Presence the Salt was shipped) which Declaration shall express the Name of the Vessel or Boat in which the Herrings shall be shipped, the

Bl>4 Name

Regulations with respect to Vessel or Boats cleared out with Salt, and curing and taking on board Herrings at the Fishery, and proceeding therewith to a Port in Great Britain, and clearing Inwards.

Updated upstream

Regulations respecting Vessels arriving from the Fishery laden with Herrings cured with Salt, carried out in a different VefleL

Stashed changes

Regulations respecting Vessels arriving from the Fishery laden with Herrings cured with Salt, carried out in a different VefleL

C. no.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Herring!, Silt, or other fishing Storei irom the Fishery, landed contrary to the foregoing Regulations, dull be forfeited.

Regulations respecting Curers having Salt (lor edit the FisheTy, proceeding to

Name of the Matter thereof, the Number of Bartels of Herrings shipped or put on board the same, with the Marks set on the said Barrels respectively, the Day on which the Herrings contained in each of the said Barrels respectively were cured, and the Manner in which the same were cured as herein-before described, and what Quantity of the Salt specified in the Certificate, of which a Copy shall be so indorsed on such Declaration, was used in the curing thereof, which Declaration shall be verified by the Person making the same, upon Oath, to be administered by the Officer of the Fishery at the Place where the Herrings shall be shipped or laid on board; or if there shall be no such Officer there, then before any Officer of the Fishery near such Place, or any Officer of the Customs or Excise at or near the same, or before any Justice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, which Declaration so verified, the Matter of the said Vessel or Boat arriving with the said Herrings (before any Part of the Cargo thereof shall be unshipped) shall deliver to the Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place where he shall arrive for the Discharge thereof, who shall attend the landing of the Cargo and take a particular Account thereof; and if no Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed at such Port or Place, then the said Matter shall in such Case transmit the said Declaration so verified as aforesaid, to the Officer of the Fishery nearest to such Port or Place.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings or Salt, or other hshing Stores shall be landed, or shall be unshipped with Intent to be landed, out of any Vessel or Bo.it arriving from the Brhifk Herring Fishery (other than a Buss or Vessel which shall have beenli-cenfedior the Deep Sea Fishery) at any Port or Place where an Officer of the Fishery shall be ttationea, before such Certificate and such Account to be kept by the Matter respecting the Herrings cured as aforesaid, or such Declaration so verified as aforesaid. respectively, shall bt delivered to, and such Account, verified on Oath before the said Officer of the Fishery as is -herein directed, or without the Presence of such Officer of the Fishery as aforesaid, or shall be landed or shall be unshipped with Intent to be landed at any Port or Place where no Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed, before such Certificate and Account, or such Declaration so verified as aforesaid, shall be produced to, and such Account verified on Oath before such Officer of the Excise or Customs, or such Justice of the Peace'or other Magistrate as aforesaid Vespectively, and transmitted 10 the Officer of the Fishery nearest to such Port or Place, or without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, all such Herrings or Salt or other Fishing Stores shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, or of the Customs or Excise) provided that if any such Herrings, Salt, or other Article shall be seized on account of any Error or Omiifi6n of any Thing required by this Act to be done, which shall appear to the said Commissioners for the Fishery not to have been wilful, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to waive the Forfeiture of such Articles, and to levy in lieu thereof on the Parties a Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, that whenever any Person or Persons having Salt stored on Shore at any Place where the Herring Fishery is carried on, shall intend to cure Herrings therewith, such Person or Persons shall, before he shall begin there to cure Her-rings, give Notice of his Intention so to do to the Officer of the

Fishery

Fishery at or nearest to such Place, and shall keep an Account of the Quantity of Herrings which he shall cure every Day, and of the Quantity of Salt which shall be used in the curing thereof, and shall in such Account mention the Manner in which the Herrings shall be cured, namely, whether cured in Barrels or in Bulk, whether cured gutted or uagutted, and by a Mark or MdHcs to be fct on each of the Barrels in which the same shall be paeked, according to such Regulation as shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall distinguisfi the Quantity of Herrings cured every Day from all other Herrings, which Mark or Marks shall be specified in the said Account; and before any such Herrings so cured and packed shall be removed, or shall be shipped or put on board any Vessel or Boat, in order to be removed from the Place where the same were so cured, or shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, to be certified for the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, the Curer thereof shall deliver such Account thereof as aforesaid to the Officer of the Fishery at' or nearest to such Place, and verify the same upon Oath before such Officer; and the said Officer shall and is hereby required to

five a Copy of such Account, and of she Oath thereon, certified by im to be a true Copy, to the Person by whom the same shall be so delivered and verified as aforesaid.

Updated upstream

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, that, the Bounty hereby granted of Two Shillings per Barrel on White Herrings, shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings which shall not 'have been taken in the BritUb White Herring Fishery after the said First Day of June, or for any Herrings which shall be of bad or indifferent Quality, or for _ any broken Herrings, or for any Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk, or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or which shall not be repacked of Bung paeked, and in all Respects properly cured and paeked, or of which the Barrel shall not contain of Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Weight, except Herrings intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which shall and are hereby required «to be repacked with great Salt, the Barrel of which Herrings shall contain Two hundred Pounds Weight of net Fish; nor for any Herrings which shall be contained in any Barrel not of sufficient Strength, or not containing Thirty-two Gallons English Win* Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Port or Place* where and the Year when the same were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters, or on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall not have been set at the Fishery, as is directed by this Act, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the same were cured, and that the same were cured gutted; nor for any Barrel of Herrings on which at the Time of its being produced to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in - order to be branded with a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby given according to the Directions of this Act, any such Mark or Character shall be found to have been formerly branded, or any Mark or Character shall be found to have been branded purfu?nt to any former Act, in respect of any Bounty per Barrel thereby granted, or % ny Mark or Character whatsoever formerly branded, shall be found

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, that, the Bounty hereby granted of Two Shillings per Barrel on White Herrings, shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings which shall not 'have been taken in the BritUb White Herring Fishery after the said First Day of June, or for any Herrings which shall be of bad or indifferent Quality, or for _ any broken Herrings, or for any Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk, or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or which shall not be repacked of Bung paeked, and in all Respects properly cured and paeked, or of which the Barrel shall not contain of Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Weight, except Herrings intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which shall and are hereby required «to be repacked with great Salt, the Barrel of which Herrings shall contain Two hundred Pounds Weight of net Fish; nor for any Herrings which shall be contained in any Barrel not of sufficient Strength, or not containing Thirty-two Gallons English Win* Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Port or Place* where and the Year when the same were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters, or on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall not have been set at the Fishery, as is directed by this Act, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the same were cured, and that the same were cured gutted; nor for any Barrel of Herrings on which at the Time of its being produced to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in - order to be branded with a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby given according to the Directions of this Act, any such Mark or Character shall be found to have been formerly branded, or any Mark or Character shall be found to have been branded purfu?nt to any former Act, in respect of any Bounty per Barrel thereby granted, or % ny Mark or Character whatsoever formerly branded, shall be found

Stashed changes

to

377

care Herrings therewith.

Whet Herrings shall be entitled to the Bounty of 2s. per Barrel.

(-&* S 3*)

37*

C. no.

To whom, on what Conditions and Regulations, and by whom, ivid Bounty of 4a. per Barrel fell be paid.

ITerrinsfs of

Xh'fctiptions not entitled to the Bounty of

48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

to have been altered or effaced; nor until a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty hereby given, shall be branded thereon, by Order and in Presence of the proper Officer of tfhe Fishenr, after the same shall have been produced to and iufpeded by such Officer, according to the Directionp of this Act.

Updated upstream

XXXVI f. And be it further enacted, that the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted on White Herrings, shall be payable and paid to the Curer or Curers thereof, on the rreduction of the Fish to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in order to be branded and certified for the Bounty; and such Officer of the Fishery to whom any Barrels of Herrings shall be so produced, shall examine the Barrels and insped the Herrings contained in all, or in such and so many of them as he in hia Discretion shall think necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether the Herrings so produced are in every Respect such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty hereby granted, according to the Provisions of this Act; and for that Purpose the said Curer or Curers shall, at his or their own Charge, upon being thereunto required by the said Officer, place or cause to be placed the said Barrels of Herrings in such convenient Order or Situation as shall bepointed out by the said Officer (the Outsides being free from any Tar, Dirt, or other Substance which may cover or conceal any Mark thereon) and open or cause to be opened any Barrel so produced, and raise or remove, or cause to be raised or removed the Herrings, or any Part thereof, out of such Barrel, and fumish the said Officer with Weights and Scales for weighing any Herrings, and assist him effectually in weighing the same; and upon every Barrel of Herrings which, on such Examination and Inspection as aforesaid, shall be found by the said Officer to be in all Respects such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, there shall be branded with an hot Iron, by Order and in Presence' of the said Officer, such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, as the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall direct, and as shall denote that the fanie is deemed to be of the proper Description, and whether the same is Bung packed or repacked, and the Year in which the same shall be so branded, and by Order and in Presence of what Officer; all which being duly performed, the said Officer of the Fishery shall give the Curer or Curers of the said Herrings a Debenture or Certificate for Payment of the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings so branded, which on being allowed by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery (such Allowance being stated in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners at the Foot of the said Debenture or Certificate) the said Curer or Curers, or his or their Assigns, shall be entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings therein mentioned; and the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland respectively, upon such Debenture being produced to them, shall, without Delay, cause the same to be paid in the same Manner as the Bounty on the Tonnage of Busies or Vessels employed in the Deep Sea Fishery, is directed by this Act to be paid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings not caught or taken in the British Herring Fishery, or any Herrings in respect whereof any Bounty per Barrel granted by any former Ad

XXXVI f. And be it further enacted, that the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted on White Herrings, shall be payable and paid to the Curer or Curers thereof, on the rreduction of the Fish to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in order to be branded and certified for the Bounty; and such Officer of the Fishery to whom any Barrels of Herrings shall be so produced, shall examine the Barrels and insped the Herrings contained in all, or in such and so many of them as he in hia Discretion shall think necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether the Herrings so produced are in every Respect such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty hereby granted, according to the Provisions of this Act; and for that Purpose the said Curer or Curers shall, at his or their own Charge, upon being thereunto required by the said Officer, place or cause to be placed the said Barrels of Herrings in such convenient Order or Situation as shall bepointed out by the said Officer (the Outsides being free from any Tar, Dirt, or other Substance which may cover or conceal any Mark thereon) and open or cause to be opened any Barrel so produced, and raise or remove, or cause to be raised or removed the Herrings, or any Part thereof, out of such Barrel, and fumish the said Officer with Weights and Scales for weighing any Herrings, and assist him effectually in weighing the same; and upon every Barrel of Herrings which, on such Examination and Inspection as aforesaid, shall be found by the said Officer to be in all Respects such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, there shall be branded with an hot Iron, by Order and in Presence' of the said Officer, such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, as the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall direct, and as shall denote that the fanie is deemed to be of the proper Description, and whether the same is Bung packed or repacked, and the Year in which the same shall be so branded, and by Order and in Presence of what Officer; all which being duly performed, the said Officer of the Fishery shall give the Curer or Curers of the said Herrings a Debenture or Certificate for Payment of the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings so branded, which on being allowed by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery (such Allowance being stated in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners at the Foot of the said Debenture or Certificate) the said Curer or Curers, or his or their Assigns, shall be entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings therein mentioned; and the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland respectively, upon such Debenture being produced to them, shall, without Delay, cause the same to be paid in the same Manner as the Bounty on the Tonnage of Busies or Vessels employed in the Deep Sea Fishery, is directed by this Act to be paid.

Stashed changes

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings not caught or taken in the British Herring Fishery, or any Herrings in respect whereof any Bounty per Barrel granted by any former Ad

C.no.

379

48° ceo. in.

Updated upstream

shall have been paid or allowed, or any broken Herrings, or any Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or any Herrings mixed or packed with any such Herrings as aforesaid, or any Herrings (other than Herrings repacked with great Salt) of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fish, exclunve of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight, or any Herrings repacked with great Salt, 6f which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fisht exclunve of the Weight of the Salt and Brine, Two hundred Pounds Weight, or any Herrings packed in any Barrel which shall be of less Content or Capacity than Thirty-two Gallons English Wine Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Por£ or Place where, and the Year when the same were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters, and in Manner directed by any Rule or Regulation which shall be made by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery in that Behalf, or on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall not have been set at the Fishery as is directed by this Act, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the same were cured, and that the same were cured gutted, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, to be branded in his Pretence and certified by him, for the Purpose of obtaining the said Bounty of Two Shillings for the same, or which, having been so produced and branded, shall be again produced to any such Officer for the tame Purpose, all such Herrings, with the Barrel or Barrels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery: And if any Herrings, not being forfeited by this Clause, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery for the Purpose aforesaid, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or paeked, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the same shall be packed not to be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Cause he shall think the Curer thereof is not entitled to the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel, such Officer shall without Delay apply by Petition, stating the Matter in Dispute, to any Justice of the Peace redding at or near the Place where such Herrings shall be produced, giving Notice thereof to the Curer, that he may attend the Hearing if he shall think fit; and such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith nominate and appoint Two or more skilful Persons to inspect the said {ierrings and the Barrels in which they shall be paeked, and the Persons so nominated and appointed shall inspect the said Herrings and Barrels accordingly, and shall certify on their Oaths, to be taken before the said Justice, their Opinion on the Matters in Dispute, according to the best of their Skill and Judgment; 'which Determination of such Persons, or of the major Part of them, shall be conclusive respecting the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel.

shall have been paid or allowed, or any broken Herrings, or any Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or any Herrings mixed or packed with any such Herrings as aforesaid, or any Herrings (other than Herrings repacked with great Salt) of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fish, exclunve of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight, or any Herrings repacked with great Salt, 6f which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fisht exclunve of the Weight of the Salt and Brine, Two hundred Pounds Weight, or any Herrings packed in any Barrel which shall be of less Content or Capacity than Thirty-two Gallons English Wine Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Por£ or Place where, and the Year when the same were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters, and in Manner directed by any Rule or Regulation which shall be made by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery in that Behalf, or on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall not have been set at the Fishery as is directed by this Act, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the same were cured, and that the same were cured gutted, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, to be branded in his Pretence and certified by him, for the Purpose of obtaining the said Bounty of Two Shillings for the same, or which, having been so produced and branded, shall be again produced to any such Officer for the tame Purpose, all such Herrings, with the Barrel or Barrels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery: And if any Herrings, not being forfeited by this Clause, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery for the Purpose aforesaid, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or paeked, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the same shall be packed not to be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Cause he shall think the Curer thereof is not entitled to the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel, such Officer shall without Delay apply by Petition, stating the Matter in Dispute, to any Justice of the Peace redding at or near the Place where such Herrings shall be produced, giving Notice thereof to the Curer, that he may attend the Hearing if he shall think fit; and such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith nominate and appoint Two or more skilful Persons to inspect the said {ierrings and the Barrels in which they shall be paeked, and the Persons so nominated and appointed shall inspect the said Herrings and Barrels accordingly, and shall certify on their Oaths, to be taken before the said Justice, their Opinion on the Matters in Dispute, according to the best of their Skill and Judgment; 'which Determination of such Persons, or of the major Part of them, shall be conclusive respecting the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel.

Stashed changes

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any White Herrings repacked shall be intended to be shipped or put on board any Vessel or Boat, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, in order to be carried Coastwise to any other Port or Place therein, in order to be exported from thence for any Port or Place out of Europe, the Person intending to ship the same shall give Notice of such Intention to the Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place of shipping, and

Os. prr Barrel, pr to the

OJii n in order to obtain the Bou.ity, shall be'forfeited.

Hoir Di (pates shall be settled as to Herring* (not forfeited} produced to obtain the Bounty.

Regulations as to White Herrings repacked gomsg Coailwile for Exportation.

3*0

C. no.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

How Hemngs export «d from Great Britain shall be paeked, &c.

Fiftwry Officer shall inipc&

Herrings

shall in such Notice declare that the fan! Herrings were not repacked till after the Expiration of Fifteen Days it the least from the Day when the same were first cured and paeked, and such Officer shall attend and fee the fable shipped; and if it shall appear that the Herrings so shipped shall have been repacked Fifteen Days at the least from the Day when they were first cured and paeked, the said Officer shall give a Certificate thereof under his Hand to the Master of the VefleF or Boat in which the said Herrings shall be so shipped to be carried Coastwise, specifying the Marks on the Barrels, and the Name of the Vessel or Boat in which the same shall have been so shipped, the Name of the Master thereof, and the Port for which the same shall be bound/

XL. And be it further enacted, That no White Herrings shall be exported orshipped, or tendered to any Officer of "the Fishery or of the Customs, to be shipped for Exportation at any Port or Place in Great Britain for any Port or Place whatever, unless the Barrel in which the same shall be packed shall be at least Half an Inch irvThick-ness at the Bulge, or for any foreign Pots. or Place in Europe, unless such Barrel shall be bound with Sixteen Hoops at the least made of Wood or Iron; nor shall any such Herrings be exported or shipped, or\tendered to be shipped as aforesaid, for any Port or Place out of Europe, unless the Barrel in which the same shall be packed shall be a new Barrel and full bound, and have one Iron Hoop at each End; nor unless such Herrings shall have been repacked, and a Space of Time not less than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from the Day when the same were originally cured and paeked, before the same were repacked all which shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Fiftiery and of the Customs, at any Port or Place to which the same shall have been brought Coastwise for Exportation, by Certificate to be granted by the proper Officer of the Fishery, at the Port or Place from which the same were so sent Coastwise as aforesaid, and Oath made thereon by the Exporter or his Agent before any such Officer, that the Herrings tendered for Exportation are the same that 'were brought Coastwise with such Certificate; nor shall any Barrel of White Herrings be exported or shipped, or tendered to any such Officer as aforesaid to be shipped for Exportation at any Port or Place irt Great Britain for any Port or Place whatsoever, being branded with any Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, unless the same shall in all Respects be such as is by this Act required to entitle the Curer thereof to the said Bounty; nor shall any Barrel of White Herrings be shipped for Exportation, till the Proprietor or his Agent shalll have produced the same to the proper Officer of the Fiftiery, and performed every Thing which shall have been required of him by the said Officer, and which the Curer on producing the same in order to obtain the Bounty thereon is by this Act required to perform, nor shall the same be so shipped without the Presence of the said Officer; and that all White Herrings, with the Barrels containing the same, which shall be exported, shipped or tendered to be shipped for Exportation contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs.

XLI. ' And, in order to prevent any Frauds in the Exportation ' of Herrings/ be it further enacted, That every Officer of the Fishery

to

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. no.

381

to whom any Barrels of White Herrings shall be produced or tendered tnderedfor in order to be shipped for Exportation, shall examine the same, and J^porutioa. inspect and weigh the Herrings in such and so manyof the Barrels as he shall think proper, in order to ascertain whether the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings be in all Respects such as may lawfully be exported or shipped to be exported to the Port or Place for which the lame shall be entered: Provided always, that if any White Herrings contained in any Barrel or Barrels which shall be so marked with any Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel as aforesaid, not being '

prohibited to he exported for any Cause other than on due Examination their being found to be of such Description as riot to entitle the Curer thereof to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel, and not of such a Description as would make them liable* to Forfeiture, in case they were produced by the Curer with Intent to obtain the said Bounty, shall he tendered to any Officer of the Fishery to he shipped for Exportation, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings to he of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or paeked, or the

Barrel or Barrels in which the same shall be contained not to be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Cause the same cannot he allowed to be exported or shipped for Exportation, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Herrings or the Barrels containing the same shall not he forfeited; and it in the Event of a Refusal to allow the Exportation for any of those Causes, the Proprietor shall not be satisned with the Opinion of the Officer, the Matter in Dispute shall be settled and determined in the same Man-. ner as is hereinbefore directed in the Case of a like Dispute arising between the Curer of Herrings and the Officer of the Fishery, to whom the same shall be produced iu order to obtain the said Bounty of Two ShiUii r Barrel.

XLII. An it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to ship No Gast or put on hoard any Buss, Vessel or Boat, at any Port or Place in Great Sufferance or Britain, where an Officer of the Fishery shall be stationed for the 2?ri-

ttjh Herring Fishery, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fishing Stores fertl,"s and Provisions necessary for the Sustenance of the Crew thereof, and fa Salt, Nets, to carry and convey the same to the said Fishery without a Sufferance &c. for the or Warrant or Coast Cocket from the Officers of the Customs, and Herring FUhery, also to unship and land Herrings and Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fishing Stores out of any Buss, Vessel or Boat from the British jj^ce c' Herring Fishery, without a Sufferance or Warrant from the Officers*1

of the Customs, and without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, except in any Case where any special Provision is made to the contrary in this Act: Provided the same be respectively shipped or put on board, carried, landed or unshipped in the Manner, and according to the Regulations of this Act: Provided also, that 5 53 \ nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any Provisions in any Act made for securing the Duties on Salt, with respect to shipping, carrying or landing Salt.

XLIII. And in order that the proper Officers of the Cuf-

toms and Excise may be informed of and be epabled to register the true Quantities of all Salt, Nets, Barrels, or other Fishing Stores

shipped at the respective Ports of Great Britain for the British Herring Fishery, and of all Herrings, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other f Fishing Stores brought fron> the nritish White Herring Fishery, and

landed

C. no.

i

Fishery Officer shall transmit Copies of Documents of Salt, &t. shipped, and Herrings, Salt, &c. landed, to the Coile&or, &c. of the Customs.

Herrings may'be cured and packed in Half Barrels.

FMhcry Officers may go and remain on board Vessela or Boats, mfpc6l Documents, &c.

Name of Place, Owner, &c, lba!L be painted on Boats employed

48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

landed at the respective Ports of Great Britain be it enacted, That every Officer of the Fishery, by whom any Licence or Certificate shall be granted to the Mailer of any Buf$, Vessel or Boat, specifying the respective Quantities of Salt, Nets, Barrels, of other Fishing Stores shipped or put on board such Buss, Vessel, or Boat, at any Port Or Place of Great Britain for the British Herring Fishery, shall without Delay transmit to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at such Port, a Copy of the Licence or Certificate so granted by him 5 and every Officer of the Fishery by whom an Account shall be taken of any Herrings, Salt, Nets, or other Fishing Stores landed out of any Buss, Vessel, or Boat from the British Herring Fishery at any Port or Place in Great Britain, shall without Delay transmit to the Collector and Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Cu(lom9 at such Port, a Copy of the Account so taken by him as aforesaid, with the Name of the Buss, Vessel, or Boat, the* Name of the Mailer thereof, and the Port where the same was fitted or cleared out for the said Fishery.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to cure and pack Herrings taken in the British Herring Fishery in Half Barrels, each of which shall contain Sixteen Gallons Engltfb Wine Measure, and that the Bounty hereby granted of Two Shillings ter Barrel shall be allowed and paid for Herrings contained in such Half Barrels, two such Half Barrels being accounted equal to one Barrel,

SrovidecT that such Half Barrels, and the Herrings contained therein, tall be subject and liable to all the Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act provided and imposed, in the same Manner as if the Herrings were packed in Barrels.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fishery to go and remain on board any Buss, Vessel, or' Boat, having on board any Salt, Barrels, or other Fishing Stores in Great Britain, intended for the British White Herring Fishery, or being at any Place where Herrings shall be taken or cured, or proceeding from any such Place for any Port or Place in Great Britain, to examine the Condition of all Herrings, Salt, Barrels, or Nets on board of any such Buss, Vessel, or Boat, and to put any Mark or Marks on the Barrel or Barrels in which any Herrings shall be contained on board thereof, and to take an Account of the Names and Descriptions of the Crew of such Buss, Vessel, or Boat; and the Mailer of every such Vessel or Boat shall, if required by any Officer of the Fishery fc to do, produce and deliver to such Officer for his Inspection, the Certificate of Registry (if such Vessel or Boat shall be liable to Registry) and the Licence, Certificate, or Declaration which he shall or ought to have on board, and shall give to such Officer a true Account of the Name of the Owner or of each of the Owners of such Buss, Vessel, and Boat, and of the Place where such Owner resides, and the Name of each of the Crew thereof; and if any Mailer of any such Buss, Vessel, or Boat as aforesaid, shall not, upon being required by any Officer of the Fishery so to do, comply with all or any of the Requisitions herein contained, every Person lo offending (half forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Boat which shall be employed in the British Herring Fishery, within the Limits of a Port of Four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, there shall be

C. no.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

be painted in White Roman Letters not less than Two' Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, the Name of the Place to which the same shall belong, on a conspicuous Place outside of the Stern; and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof on a conspicuous Place inside of the Stern, and every Boat employed in the said Fishery within the Limits or Distance aforesaid, on which such Names as aforesaid shall not be painted in Manner before directed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, Customs, or Excise.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fishery, at all Times when Herrings are curing and packing or repacking, and at all other Tunes in the Day (or if in the Night in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace) to enter and come into any Cellar or Warehouse of any Curer of Herrings, or into any Place where Herrings shall be cured, packed or repacked, ' to view and infpsft Herring3 during the Time of their being cured, packed or repacked, and to put such a Mark or Marks on any Barrel or Barrels in which they shall be packed or repacked, as they shall think fit; which Mark or Marks shall not be altered or defaced.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall and they are hereby authorised to make Rules and Regulations directing in what Form and Manner every Journal, Declaration or Account required by this Act shall be kept or made, and by what Means and Methods the Provisions of this Act shall be observed, performed, and put in Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof also for sorting the Herrings taken, (that is to say), for packing or repacking Herrings of one, Class separately from Herrings of another Class, or from any other Herrings whatever, such ClalTes to be determined and defined in and by such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, according to Size or other Description or Denomination, as to the said Commissioners shall appear moil conducive to the Improvement of the said Fishery; the Herrings of each Class to be distinguished by such Mark or Character respectively, as in and by the said Rules and Regulations shall be directed; and whenever any Herrings sorted according to such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, according to the Directions of this Act, such Officer being, satisfied that such Herrings are duly sorted, and to what Class the same ought to belong, he mall catife such Mark or Character to be burnt on each Barrel in his Presence, as by the said Rules and Regulations shall be directed, in order to denote hdw the said Herrings should be classed; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to make Rules or Regulations directing what Marks or Characters shall be set or branded on any Barrel or Barrels, of Herrings for any of the Purposes of this Act respectively, the Size of every such Mark or Character, and the Part of the Barrel on whiefy the same shall be set or branded, and the Manner in which any Mark or Character not hereby required to be branded shall be set thereon, which Rules and Regulations they are hereby required to make publick, in the Manner which shall appear to them likely to be moll effectual for the Information of the Parties interested therein 5 and if any Mark or Character shall be set or branded on any Barrel of Herrings for any of the Purposes of this Act, in any Manner which shall not

383

In the Herring Fiibciy.

Fishery OfSocn may enter aivhvjuses, Storehouses, &c* of FiA Cura.

Commif&onen of the Fishery fHa.il appoint the Forms of Documents, mud the Manner <of carrying this Act iuto Execution.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

m

PmsTtr on faMe Oath, Ptrrj'uiy.

PmaTty on Per unis iraudulnirly branding Barrels of Herring, or inj; Dociuncuts, $. c.

sol. or

Inv tifunment most Forfeiture.

Parrel* with Maits altered, &c. iuay be, feued.

C. 11 o.

be conformable to the special Provisions of this Act, ' or to such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid; or if any Mark or Character more than the true or proper Mark or Marks, Character or Characters prescribed by this Act, and by such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, shall be set or branded on any barrel of Herrings, the Curer or Curers, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not be entitled, in respect of the lame, to claim any Benefit by this Act provided, for any Barrel of Herrings marked or branded according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and if any Journal, Declaration, Account, or Oath by this Act required to be kept or made, or any Thing required by this Act to be done or performed by or on Behalf of any Curer or Proprietor of Hearings, or Owner or Owners, or Mailer of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall respectively he kept, made, done, or performed, in any Form or Manner not conformable to such Rule or Regulation as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to claim any Benefit by this v Act, to which fuqh Person would have been entitled in case such Journal, Declaration, Account, or Oath, or other Matter or Tiling had been respectively kept, made, done, or performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person before whom any Oath is hereby directed or required to Jbe made shall be, and every such Person is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath 5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make a false Oath respecting any Thing which by this Act is required to be sworn, every such Person shall upon Conviction be^liable to the Punishment of Perjury.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, other than an Officer of the Fishery, or not being authorised by or without the Presence of such Officer, shall fraudvdently bum or brand, or cause to be ..burnt or branded, or have in his Custody or Possession any In* flrument for the Purpose of burning or branding on any Barrel or Calk of Herrings any Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, which by virtue of this Act shall be appointed or directed to be burnt or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, b^ Order and in Presence of such Officer, or any Mark or Character in Imitation thereof; or if any Person shall alter, eraze, or falsify any Licence, Certificate, Account, Declaration, Oath, or other Document prescribed by this Act, every Person so offending shall on being convicted thereof in England before a Justice of the Peace, or in Scotland before the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed or the Offender found, Ihallior every such Offence forfeited pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding Six Months; and every Barrel or Calk on which any such Mark or Character shall be fraudulently burnt or branded as aforesaid, with the Herrings therein contained, and every Instrument which shall be in the Possession of any Person for the Purpose of fraudulently burning or branding the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feiz.ed by any Officer of the Fishery, Customs, or Excise.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mark set or branded on any Barrel of Herrings by any Officer or Officers of the Fishery, pursuant to this Act, or to any Rules or Regulations which shall be made by the aforesaid Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall be altered or defaced, every such Barrel, with the Herrings therein

6 contained,

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. no.

385

contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

LII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provisions in an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for transferring the Management of the Sait Duties to the Comm'ijftuners of Exctfe, jind for repealing the Duties on Salty and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting eth.r Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances* and Bounties thereon* respecting the Use or Application of Salt in curing Fish.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall admit, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of the Fishery, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance in the Execution of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Fishery shall demand, tpke or receive, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, other than such Salary as shall be allowed him by the Crown, for any Thing done by him in the Execution of this Act, or of his Office or Employment aforesaid, every such Officer.on being convicted thereof shall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be deemed thenceforth incapable of being employed in any Office or Employment under the Crown.

LV.*And, for encouraging the Inhabitants on the Sea Coasts of

Scotland* to provide larger Boats than are now used in the Herring c Fishery, and to take Herrings at a greater Dillaiice from the Shore

than can be done in such small Boats as are now used therein; be further enacted, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed pursuant to this Act shall be and they are hereby authorised to allow Premiums or Bounties not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds in the whole in any one Year, to be paid to Persons whp shall employ Boats of a Burthen not less than Fifteen Tons by Admeasurement in the taking Herrings on the Coall of Scotland, who shall cure and pack the same according to such Plan, and to such Rules <md Regulations as the said Commissioners shall make and publish in that Behalf; and that within one Month after the Fifth Day of April in each Year, the said Commissioners shall cause a List to be made of the Names of the Persons entitled to the said Bounties or Premiums, the Place of Residence of each of the said Persons, the Name of the Boat or Boats, and the Tonnage thereof, which shall be employed by each Person or Persons respectively, and the Sum of Money which they shall affi^n to each Person respectively, which Lift, certified by the said Commissioners, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and the said Commissioners of Excise shall and are hereby authorised and required to cause the said Sums to be paid out of any Money in their Hands arising from Duties under their management, to the respective Persons entitled thereto, oh their respectively producing and delivering a Certificate from the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to thalt Effect; provided that the said Bounties or Premiums shall not exQeed the aforesaid Sum of Three thousand Pounds in any One Year.

48 Geo. III. Cc LVI. An*

07G.S. c. 80. (§61,

& §92 — 100.)

u to Salt for curing FUh, not repealed.

Penalty bn Persons refiAinr See. Officers or the Fishery,

Penalty on Officers receiving Fees, 1001. and incapacity.

Commissioners may allow Premiums or Bounties not exceeding -3000l. per Annum to Herring Boats exceeding 16 Tons, on die Coailot Scotland.

Quorum of Commissioners.

lUcorwy and Application of penalties and, forfeiture*.

Provisions delating to*

Justices, &c. in the Execution of ftieir Offices, extended to this Act

Officers not liable to Suits for Acts done fender this Act.

[Treble Costs.]

Jurisdiction of Sheriffs in Scotland extended to Disputrs

r dheries within 10 Miles of the Coast, &c.

Caro. 48° GEO. lib A.D. 18'o8.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That any Thing by this Act directed or required to be done by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall and may be done by such Number of them as by the Letter# Patent for the Appointment of such Commissioners shall be determined.

LVI I, And be it further enacted, That any Fine, Penalty, or' Forfeiture by this Act imposed, except in any Case where other Provision is hereby made, shall be sued for, recovered, and levied as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered or levied by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, pr by Action of Debt/ Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His MajestyV Courts of Record at Wejbminftety of in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, One Moiety of such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Privileges, Protec- tions, ^nd Provisions given and ordained by any Ad or for Justices of the Peace, or Officers of the Customs and Excise, on the Occasion of their acting in the Execution of their respective Offices, as to any Action or Suit, or the tendering of Amends, of the Payment of Coils or other Thing, shall extend to the aforesaid Commissioners of the Herring Fishery, and to the Superintendant and the Officers, of the Fishery appointed in pursuance of this Act, and to all Persons appointed to ad under them, or acting in their Aid or Assistance in the Execution thereof.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Superintendant or other Officer acting in the Execution of arty of the Provisions of this Act, or in the enforcing any Rules and Regulations made and in force under the Authority thereof, shall be deemed a TreTpafler, or be liable to any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, for or by reafoa of any Ad, Matter, or Thing done in the Execution of his Office, and for the carrying the Provisions of this Act into Execution, and enforcing any Rules or Regulations established under the same, and not done by him maliciously; and if any Person shall bring a Suit Or Action for any such Matter or Thing, and the Court or Jury shall find that the same was not done maliciously, such Person shall dc nonsuited, and pay Treble Costs to the Defendant.

LX.*And whereas it may be useful to provide a Jurisdiction for preferring Order and settling Disputes among Perform carrying on the Fishery for Herrings on the Coast and in the Lakes of Scotland; 1 be it therefore enacted, That the Jurisdiction of the Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute of Scotland, and their Substitutes, shall be extended over all Persons engaged in catching, curing, and dealing in Fish in all the Lochs, Bays, and Arms of the Sea within their respective Counties and Stewartries, and also within Ten Miles of the Coasts of their said Counties and Stewartries, and that in as full and ample a Manner as the same is exercised over the Inhabitants of these Counties and Stewartries; and if any Loch, Bay, or Arm of the Sea shall adjoin to Two or more Counties or Stewartries, or any other Part of the Sea shall be within Ten Miles of the Coasts of Two or more Counties or Stewartries, the Sheriffs and Stewarts of the said Counties and Stew-artrits shall have and exercise a concurrent Jurisdiction over such Persons as aforesaid, in any such Loch, Bay, or Arm of the Sea which

C. no, 111

387

48°, GEO. III.

shall be in or opposite to their respective Counties and Stewartries, or any Part of the Sea within the aforesaid Distance of the Coast thereof,

LXI. And be it further enadb?<)» That this Act flnll contioue in Force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Miiiti^ Force, under certain Restrictions, fur the Defence of the Realm.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient in the present Circumstances t>f f

Europe, that a Local Militia Force should be established,

trained, and permanently maintained, under certain Restrictions in

England, to be called forth and employed in case of lovafion in Aid

of His Majesty's Regular Militia Forces for the Defence of the

Realm 5 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he en-

acted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a permanent Local Militia Force shall be ballotted and enrolled in England, at such Periods, and in such Counties, or in any such Divisions or Parts of any Counties, and in such Propositions in any, such Divisions or Parts or any Counties, as His Majesty shall by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual specify, order, and direct in that Behalf, according to the Provisions of this Act, and under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Men so ballotted and enrolled under this Act, shall not, in any County or Division, or Part of any County, exceed such Number as will, in addition to and together with and including the effectiye Yeomanry and Volunteers then serving in such County, or such Division or Part of such County respectively, exclusive of Supernumeraries above the Establishment 01 such Corps serving without ray, who shall have been enrolled therein after the First Day of Jlpril One thousand eight hundred and eight, amount to Six Times the respective original Quota or Proposition off the original Quota of Militia of such County, or Division or Part of such County respectively, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of England.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers in any County, or Division, or Part of any County, shall be reduced by the disbanding or discontinuing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or by reaion of the effective Members of any such Corps being diminished, it shall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time to order and direct that a Number of Local Militia Men equal in Amount to such Deficiency shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this Act, so that the Number in the Whole of the Local Militia under this Act, and effective Yeomanry and Volunteers, shall be equal to Six Times the Amount of such Quota or Proposition of Quota as aforesaid.

fContinuance il

Aa.

[See Chapter ISQ /or Scotland.]

A permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled in England.

Not to exceed

(including Volunteers) Six Times the original Quota of Militia under 42 G. 3.C. 90.

Deficiencies in effective Volunteers shall be supplied by additional Loca. Militia Men.

Co

3*« "

On receiving Order to ballot Men, Lord Lieutenant, stall apppint General and Subdivision Meetings.

His Majesty may order Counties to be divided wherein more than One Regiment, s&c. of Local Militia is to be nifal.

Powers of'MHitia Acts extended to this Act.

Two Deputy Lieutenants, or One and a Just.ce, may act.

C.m. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after any such Order shall have been received by any Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants executing the Office of Lord Lieutenant, the said Lord Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant, oj Deputy Lieutenants shall summon General and Subdivision Meetings', and such General and Subdivision Meetings respectively shall enquire in what Hundreds or Parishes or Places such Deficiency shall have arisen, and shall proceed to divide and apportion the Numbers so deficient among the Hundreds, Parishes, and Places respectively in which such Deficiency shall be found to exist, and proceed to the ballotting and enrolling of Men for the Local Militia, according to the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in any Case in which more than One Regimept, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raised in any County, to direct the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants of such County to divide such County, for the Purposes of this Act, into such Number of Divisions as there are Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to be raised in such County, Regard being had to the Number of rer-fons liable to serve and the Establishment of each Regiment, and all other Circumstances of local Convenience; and from and aftec such Division, each of such Divisions of such County shall supply all Vacancies arising in the Regiments, Battalions, or Corps respectively belonging to such Divisions s Provided always, that such Divisions and aQ Apportionments made in pursuance thereof may be from Time

' to Time varied or altered, as Occasion may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or in any other Acts now in force relating to the Militia of England, shall, as far as the same are applicable and can be applied to and for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be used, exercised, applied, and put in force for the raising the Local Militia, and for the training and exercising the same as the regular Militia may be trained and exercised wheu not embodied, until the said Militia shall be called out and embodied under any Order in Council or Proclamation pur-fuaut to the Provisions of this Act; and all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, MaUers, and Things contained in the said Acts in relation to the Regular Militia of England when embodied, and not hereby altered, varied or repealed, shall, as far as the same arc applicable and can be applied, be used, exercised, applied, and put in force, in relation to the Militia under this Act, when so called out and embodied, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, ' Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were again repeated and re-enacted in this Act s Provided always, that all Acts, Matters, and Things to be done by any Deputy Lieutenants or Justices save and except such Matters and Things as are required to be done by the several Acts at General Meetings of Lieutenants) shall and may be done and performed by Two Deputy Lieutenants, or by One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace*

48° GEO. III.

C.IIT.

389

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required, at the first or any adjourned or other General Meeting held for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, to ascertain the Number and local Situation of all Extra-parochial Places within their respective Counties, and to add each of the same for the Purposes of this Act to such Parish as may appear to be most convenient for the Purgpfe of carrying this Act into Execution, and from and after the;, adding any Extra-parochial Place by the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting to any adjoining Parish, such Extra-parochial. Places shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to' be Part of such Parish; and all Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Conilables, and Special and other Conilables, and all other Officers and Persons whatsoever, having any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction in such Parish, in relation to the carrying this Act into Execution, shall have like Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction in such Extra-parochial Place for all Purposes whatever in relation to the carrying this Act into Execution, as fully and amply as if such Extfyparochial Place. made Part of such Parish.'-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Men to be raised under this Act shall be ballolted out of and from the Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Eifts now exiiling, or which may hereafter be made and returned or amended and corrected for the raising of the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia of England; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall think fit, to order and direct the making out any new Lifts, and in such Clares as to Age or otherwise, and in such Form as may be deemed expedient for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and no Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, shall be allowed to jfind or provide any Substitute to serve in his Stead, or be entitled to any Bounty pr Half Bounty 5 any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary not with (landing,

IX. And be it further enacted, That on making out or amending of any Lifts after the passing of this Act, of Persons lit to serve in the Local Militia, every Person who shall wilfully neglect to appeal within the Time appointed for that Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty ^Shillings, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, and on Non-payment thereof J>e imprisoned, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenant8 or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates as aforesaid, f^r any TpAe not exceeding Fourteen Days.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be appointed p? act as a Special Constable for the Purpose of assisting in the making out any new Lifts, ojr otherwise in aiding in the Execution of this Act, who shall not be above the Age of Thirty Years.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, upon the Examination of any person Hating his Inability to serve from Illness, bodily Infirmity or debility, or if such Person is prevented by such Illness or Infinity from attending, on such Certificate of any Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, actually prac-fifing as such, as shall be satisfactory to such Deputy Lieutenant or JuiLce, that any Person enrolled to lerve under this <Act 19 from M-

C c 3 ness

Extra-parochial Plaers I hall bo added to adjoining Parishes,

Men shall be: ballotted out of Persona between 18 and 30, returned ha Militia Lula*

No Substitute. or Bounty allowed.

Penalty on neglecting to appeal within the limited Time,

5l. to 20s., &C*

Special 'f1 Constabjea shall .-be abort 30. YeanoKh (

Exemption far Persons unable to serve from*Illness or bodily Infirmity.

3 9°

Exemptions: Mtniftf'rs,

Med, cal Men* Pei foiw employed in the Tower, &c.

Persons fenring, &r. under 43 G. 3. c. S3.. '

Period of Exemption of Persons having served in Militia, tec.

Certain Persont exempted from serving in the Militia, liable to fern in the Eocal Militia.

Apprentice* ^allotted shall not inlist in the Army, Sec. without the Master'sConfent. Service under this Act shall not aflfeft Contn&s of Service*

i

C. III. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 180V

ness or any bodily Infirmity or Debility unable to serve, to cause such Person to be {truck out of the Enrolment, and excused from Fine and from Service under this Act, so long as such Illness, bodily Infirmity, or Debility, shall continue.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no licensed Teacher of any Congregation in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any other Trade, or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster, nor any Medical Man actually practising as a Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, and no Person muttered, trained, or doing Duty or employed in His Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, the Royal Arsenal at IV00U <wuh, or at any Gun Wharfs, or at any Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, shall be liable to be ballotted for the Local Militia, so long only as they respectively continue within any of the Descriptions aforesaid; and every Person who shall havfe served, or is now serving in Person in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or who shall have been ballotted, and shall have provided any Substitute, or shall have paid any Fine for not serving or finding a Substitute in such additional Force, shall be exempt from Ballot and Service in the Local Militia, in like Manner, and for the same Period, as such Person was or is exempt from Ballot and Service in the Regular Militia during the Continuance of the said Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person having served in the Regular Militia' or such additional Force, or provided any Substitute, or paid any Fine for not serving, or finding any Substitute in the Regular Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid, shall be entitled to Exemption from being ballotted under this Act, for any longer Period than Four Years after the Expiration of his Period of Service, if he shall have served in Person, or Six Years from the Period of any such Substitute being enrolled, or Four Years after having paid any such Fine.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no articled Clerk or Apprentice, nor any poor Man who has less than Three Children born in Wedlock, nor any Person under the Height of Five Feel Four Inches, who shall be of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, or upwards, shall, by reason thereof, respectively be exempt from being ballotted and serving under this Act, notwithstanding such Persons may, by reason of coming within any of such Descriptions as aforesaid, respectively be exempt from serving iii the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any Apprentice ballotted under this Act, to inlist in the Army, Navy, Marines, or Regular Militia, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia without the Coufent of his Master; provided also, that no Bailot, Enrolment, and Service nder this Act, shall extend to make void or in any Manner toaffeft any Indenture of Apprenticeship or Contract of Service between any Matter or Servant, notwithstanding any Covenant or Agreement in any such Indenture or Contract, and no Service under this Act of any Apprentice or Servant shall

A.D. 180Sj 48° GEO. III. Ci 39

be deemed or construed or taken to be an Absence from Service, or a Breach of any Covenant or Agreement as to any Set vice or Absence from Service in any Indenture of Apprenticeship or Contract of Service; any Thing contained in any Act or Act« of parliament, or Law or Laws, or Deed or Indenture of Apprenticeship or Contract of Service, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Oath of Persons Ballot to serve in the Local Militia, /Hall appear at some Meeting to balkrtted under be appointed for that Purpose; and if on Examination such Person

shall be found able and fit for Service, he shall then and there take the following Oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, that I will be faithful ' and bear trite Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and that«I will faithfully ferye in the Local Militia of the County or City of«within Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time of Four Years for which I am enrolled, un- less I shall be sooner di (charged. So help me GOD.*

And every such Person shall be then and there enrolled, in & Roll to be Period of Seroce, 'prepared for that Purpose, to serve in the Local Militia of such Coun- 4 Year*, ty as a private Local Militia Man for the Sp^ce of Four Years.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ballotted to Fine on Ferfonv serve in the Local Militia under this Act, shall, after Notice given to ballotted not him, or.left at his usual or last Place of Abode, of his having been so ballotted, refuse or neglect to appear within such Period and at £ol. or iol.* such 'Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose within the Subdf- according to iejf yifion for which he shall have been so ballotted, (which Times find Income.'Places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdiviuons under any Order of the Lieutenant of the (County, and Notice thereof given by the Constables of the several Parishes, by putting up the same on Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuous Places,) and be enrolled under this Act, and take the Oath to serve under this Act, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds; or if a Person pot having or receiving any annual Sum, of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income whatsoever,

mounting in the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes, or Reprizes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if not amounting in the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes, or Reprizes, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every To be paid to the such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, Geric of the who shall, on Receipt thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Subdivision Reward, of the same being paid, which Certificate shall be coun- b him b'ta d# terfigped by some Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and 10

shall, within Twenty-ope Days after the Receipt thereof, pay the same into the Bank of England to a separate Account of the Pay-mailer General of His Majesty's Forces for the Purposes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, which separate Account the said Pay-mailer General is hereby required to open at the Bank of England, and the Payment of such Fine shall exempt such Person from being Such Fines flail ballotted and enrolled under this Act for Two Years and no longer; exempt for Tvs and such Person shall be liable to be ballotted and enrolled in the Year^ean next but one after that in which he shall have been so ballotted as aforesaid, and in like Manner to serve or pay such Fine aforesaid, and so in each Second succeeding Year.

C54 SVIII. Am}

39*

Perforu N

imprisoned for Non-payment of Fin t, shall serve when released.

Declaration or Certificate by Persona claiming Exemption upon'Payment of 20l. or 10I.

Penalty for false PecUfvtion, 50l.

Persons ballot ted engaging to serve |n Volunteer Corps at their own Expeoce, shall have Half die Fine remitted: but if they shall not continue to serve for Four Years, they shall forfeit Treble the Sum remitted, and be liable to serve in the Load Militia.

Dayi of Attendance of Volunteers shall be specified iu Certificatas.

C.iiu 48° GEO. III.'4.D. 180$.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person imprisoned for the Non-payment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or for refusing or neglecting to attend Exercise, mall be liable to serve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment. 1

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds instead of Thirty Pounds, shall lign a Declaration that the Amount of his Income does not exceed Two hundred Pounds or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, as the Case may be, and shall deliver the same to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or p«-oduce a Certificate to the like Effect, allowed by any Commissioners under any Act relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, or to any Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties* within Twelve Months previous to the Production of such Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit and pay for such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in addition to such Fine.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia shall enter and enrol himself as a Member of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and engage to serve, therein at his own Expence and without Pay or Allowance, and shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of such Corps, of his having clothed, armed, and equipped himself, according to the Regulations of such Corps, at his own Expence, such Arms being according to His Majesty's Regulations, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required to remit One-half Part of such Fin^s of Thirty Pounds, Twenty Pounds, and Ten Pounds respectively, as the Case may be, and every such Person shall be entered in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia for which he shall have been ballotted, but shall nevertheless be exempt from serving in the said Local Militia so long as he shall continue an effective Member of a YeoVnanry or Volunteer Corps: Provided always, that if such Person having so entered and enrolled himself as aforesaid, shall not continue in and be returned as an effective Member of a Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps for the full Period of Four Years, and once in each Year transmit a Certificate of his being effective, from the Commanding Officer of his Corps to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which he shall be so entered as- aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit treble the Amount of the Part of Fine so remitted as aforesaid, and be liable to serve for the Remainder of such Term of Four Years in the Local Militia: Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine in any Case in which the Corps in which he shall have so entered shall be disbanded or discontinued, or if he shall have been prevented from attending and being returned an effective Member of such Corps by reason of bodily Infirmity, to be duly certified by the Officer commanding the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps shall, in the Margin of every Certificate of the Number of Days on which any Member of his Corps shall have attended the Muster or Exercise of his Corps, specity the particular DayS'On which he so attended.

1 XXII. Provided

JLD.igpi}. 48° GEO. III. C. 111.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this A A upon Payment of Fine as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Act, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be summoned and required to appear before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, and shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or by such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he mall be so summoned and required to appear as aforesaid, to sign a Declaration that he hath not direAly or mdireAiy by any Policy, Premium, or Promise of any Policy or Premium, or by any Engagement insured himself against such Fine, or any Part thereof, and that no Person or Persons hath or have direAly or indirectly, in consideration of any Sum of Money or Promise of aqy Sum of Money, or Gift or Reward, or for any valuable Consideration whatever, undertaken, engaged, or promised in any Way to indemnify him therefrom, or from any Part thereof, or to repay to him, or to any Person or Persons on his Behalf, or for his Urn, Benefit, or Advantage, the said Fine or any Part thereof 5 and in Case any Person so claiming to be exempt, or lo summoned or required to appear as aforesaid, shall refuse so to figa such Declaration, or so to appear according to such Summons or Requisition, or shall make any false Declaration in that Behalf, every such Person shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit Three Times the Amount of such Fine 5 and in Default of Payment thereof, shall be confinedun any House of Correction or Common Gaol for such County, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty; and shall be liable personally to serve in the said Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment or the Payment of such Penalty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unttas Fratrum or United Brethren, who shall be ballotted under this Act, shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivision Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more respeAable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unttas Fratrum or United Brethren, resident within the County or Place of Residence of such Person, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion, such Person shall not be enrolled; and, it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any, such Person to pay such Proposition of such Fines as are by this A A imposed on Persons ballotted and not appearing, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of such Person $ and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, may be levied by Distress knd Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, ' by Warrant under their Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after deducting of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Chattels can be found whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, then it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, if he shall think fit, to commit^such

393

Declaration of Persons claiming Exemption upon Payment of Fines, &c. that lbfj have not insured.

Penalty on infilling to figu such Declantion, or in appearing; or making a false Declaration, Treble Fine,

Quakers, He. exempt from being enrolled, but shall pay Projiortion of Fines under Judgment of Deputy Lieutenants.

Where

Volunteers (fcs.ll

mrol theinfehres in any Parish, Y.p Ballot shall take place, or only for the Nulnbqr deficient*

Benefits of friendly Societies not forfeited by Service under this Act.

Bounty of Two Guineas to Persons voluntarily enrolling.

Such Bounty, or Part, shall be deduced from Men enliliing into the Army, fke; within a certain Period.

Corps or Members of Volunteers may transfer them-.selves with the Approbation of His Majesty to iUal Militia.

c.nr. 48° Geo.'in, A.i). 1808;

such Quaker or United Brother to^Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Month, unlef* such Sum shall be foonter paid and satisfied. '

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which such Ballot shall be so directed, and any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty Years, and fit for Military Service, shall voluntarily enrol themselves under this Act to serve according to the Provisions of this Act, if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling the m* selves shall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any fugh Parish, then nv Ballot shall, take place in such Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required. to be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, then the -Number of Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall be deducted from the Number required to be enrolled by Bailot, and the Remainder only shall be ballot ted for in such Parish; and all Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, shall take the Oath required by this Act to be taken by Persons bal-, 'lotted, and Aiall serve in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, and be subject to the same Provisions, as iFthey had been ballotted for under this Act.

XXV. Andbc it further enacted, That np Member of any Friendly Society serving or entering to serve under this Act, shall by. such Service be excluded from such Society, or he subject to the For* feiture of any Benefit to which he may be otherwise entitled under any Rules of such Society; any Thing in any such Rule? to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall voluntarily enrol himself to serve in the Local Militia/under this Act, shall be entitled to and shall receive the Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid upon his Enrolment, over and abovp any Sum to which he may be entitled for Necessaries.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Parish shall have paid the whole Bounty to or in respect of any Person enrolled in the Local Militia under this Act, and such Person shall at any Time within Two Years after such Enrolment enlist or enter into His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or as a Substitute in the Regular Militia, the Amount of such Bounty of Two Guineas shall be deducted out of the Bounty to be paid to such Person upon his enlisting into the Army, Navy or Marines, or out of the Money to be paid to such Person as a Substitute, and shall be repaid to the Parish having paid such Bounty of Two Guineas as aforesaid 5 and if he shall so enlist or enter at any Time after the Termination of Two Years from his -frrft Enrolment, then the Amount of One Half of such Bounty shall be so deducted and repaid, as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Corps of Volunteers, or for such of the Members of any Corps of Volunteers, whether within the Ages limited by this Act or otherwise, as may be deft rows of forming Part of the said Local Militia to be raised under this Act, to transfer themselves, with the Approbation of His Majesty, under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to become and form Part of the Local Militia un-

*der this Act of the County or Part oi4 Division of the County to which such Corps shall belong, upon such Terms and Conditions* to His Majesty shall seem fit; and all Volunteers so transferring the m-

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. iii?

{elves shall thereupon forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in such Militia, and take the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Persons ballotted under this Act, and shall be entitled to the same Bounty and Allowance for Necessaries as any other Persons voluntarily enrolling themselves previous to Ballot under this Act, and shall be deemed and taken to be Local M^htia Men to all Intents and Purposes as if enrolled as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to permit any Volunteer Corp9 of Yeomanry or Artillery to transfer themselves into the Local Militia, upon such Terms and Conditions as to their Establishment and as to Allowances for Horses or Accoutrements or other Things, and as to Pay, as His Majesty shall direct, and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County wherein such Corps shall serve, in such Manner as His Majesty shall direct i Provided always, that no Vacancies arising in any such Corps of Yeomanry so transferred as aforesaid, shall be supplied by Ballot under this Act, but all such Vacancies which shall not be supplied by the entering of any Men into such Corps within Three Months after such Vacancy occurring in fucu Yeomanry Corps, shall be supplied by Ballot for the Local Militia of the County to which such Yeomanry Corps shall be attached.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Volunteer or Volunteer Artillery Man enrolling or transferring himself as aforesaid, shall sign a Declaration before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace previous to such Enrolment, that he

has not received or been promised any Sum or Sums of Money, or Security for Money, or any Benefit or Reward, or Promise of Benefit or Reward^ other than the Bounty of Two Guineas allowed by this Act* in consideration of so enrolling himself to serve in the Local Militia; and every Local Militia Man who shall be convicted-before any Two Justices of the Peace, of having made any false Declaration in that Behalf, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Amount of the Bounty so fraudulently received, and in default of Payment of such Penalty, shall be confined in any House of Correction or Common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty, and shall be liable to Four Years Service in the Local Militia after the Termination of such Confinement or the Payment of such Penalty.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Act shall, upon being assembled for training and Exercise under this Act, be entitled to the Sum of One Guinea for the First Year of his Service, and Ten Shillings and Sixpence for each succceding Year of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company to which such hfan shall belong, for the Purpose of providing and keeping up Necessaries for such Person; and a further Sum of One Guinea to be paid in like Manner and for the like Purpose, in case such Person shall be called out or embodied under any Order in Council or Proclamation under the Provisions of

- this Act; and all such Sums of Money shall, at the End of each Period of Exercise and Service as aforesaid, be accounted for to the Person entitled thereto at the End of each annual Period, and the Residue, if any, paid to such Person for his Use and Benefit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, T^at every Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and other Person ballotted and enrolled,

Volunteer Yeomanry or Artillery may transfer themselves to Local Militia. How Vacancies thereby arising, shall be supplied.

Volunteers, &c. so transferring ihrmfeKea, shall declare they have not received more than Bounty of two Guineas.*Penalty on false Declaration,

20l. &c.

Allowances on Men assembling for Exercise, and on being called out under Order in Council.

Persons serving in L-Jeal Militia entitled to

C. in.

A.D. 1808.

Exemptions a Vehmteen, and JMt liable to be batlotced for the xcgular Militia far Two Yean.

#46G. 3. 90.

IVn&hy for informs against floe*, etc. 50l.

How Local Militia shall be fumed and officered.

feankpf Officers.

48 Geo. nr.

rolied, and actually serving in the Local Militia under this Act, shall be entitled to and have au such Exemptions from Service in the Re* gular Militia, or from being trained and exercised under an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proposition of Hit Subject in England, under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm, as any effective Volunteer is now entitled to under any Act or Acts of Parliament; and no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or other Person having served the full Period of Four Years in the Militia to be raised under this Act, shall be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain, for Two Years after the Expiration of his Service in the said Local Militia* or until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person whatever shall in Cure, or take or agree to take any Money for the Insurance of, or be rn any Way concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, Club, or Office, for the Insurance of any Person or Person*, or for the insuring or indemnifying each other against, or for the paying any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine or Penalty for any Person or Person 8 who may be ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, or shall pay or engage to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to serve in Discharge of any County, District, or Parish, beyond the said Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid to such Volunteer as aforesaid, under this Act, every such Person as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the Local Militia to be raised under this Act shall be formed into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, and shall have such Proposition of Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, as are allowed by the several Acts relating to the Militia of England when embodied, and that such Proposition of Seneants, Corporals, and Drummers, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, together with the Adjutant Quarter Matter, who shall execute the Duty of Battalion Clerk, without any additional Pay, and Staff Serjeants of each Regiment, Battalion, or Com. shall remain on permanent Pay and embodied, as His Majesty shall order and diredx: -Provided always, \ that no higher Rank mall be jriveo in any Regiment of Local Militia formed under this Act than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, except in Cases where the Commandant shall have served with the Rank of Colonel in ftis Majesty's Regular Forces or Regular or Supplementary Militia, or be the Lieu: tenant, or Vice Lieutenant of any County: Provided also, that all Officers of the Militia raised under this Act shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's other Militia Foroes, as the youngest of their respective Ranks (except as aforesaid): Provided always, that every Officer who shall have served in His Majesty's Regular Forces as a Field Officer, shall be and is hereby deemed qualified to hold any Commission in the Local Militia, and every Officer who shall have served in His Majesty's Regular Forces under the Rank of 2 Field Officer, shall be and is hereby deemed qualified to hold the same Commission in the Local Militia, so long as such Officer shall continue to reside in such County or some next adjoining County,

without

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. in.

without any other Qualification in respect of Property or otherwise; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Regular or Supplementary Militia, and who may be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission, in the Local Militia; and every Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of any County, as long as he shall continue to act as such, who shall be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforesaid, shall rank >as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission in the Local Militia; and every Person who shall have served in the*Regular or Supplementary Militia as a Commissioned Officer, and by reaion of the Reduction of such Militia shall have ceased to hold such Rank, shall, if appointed to a like Commission in the Local Militia, rank according to the Date of his first Commission; Provided always, that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Militia, shall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Corps of Volunteers transferring himself with his Corps with the Approbation of His Majesty into the Local Militia, shall be eligible and qualified to hold the same Rank in the Local Militia, from the Date of his Commission in such Militia, as be held at the Period of such Transfer in the Volunteers, without any other Qualification 5 any Thing in this Act or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Officer so transferring himself shall be authorised and entitled to take Rank above any Officer having the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel in His Majesty's Regular Army or Regular Militia.

XXAVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to put the Local Militia enrolled under this Act, when assembled for training or exercise in Time of War, or when embodied as herein after mentioned in like Manner as the regular Militia when embodied, under the Command of such General Officers of His Regular Foroes, as His Majesty shall please to appoint 5 any Thing in any Act relating to the Militia to the contrary notwith-, (landing.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the Local Militia to be raised under this Act, shall be called out within their respective Counties in each Year, at such Times, in such Manner, and in such Proposition and under such Regulations as His Majesty shall direct. in that Behalf, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, Regard being had ' to the local Circumstances of each County, and to the Seasons most important to the Course of Industry and Cultivation within the same; and the Periods and Plates for such Exercise shall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, with the Approbation of His Majesty: Provided always, that no Militia Men tinder this Act shall be trained or exercised any greater Number of Days irt the whole in each Year than Twenty-eight entire Days, ex-chifive of Days of arriving at and Departure from and inarching to

and

397

Rmk in LodT M ilrtiaof Offices* who have fenred in the Regular Militia; and nf Lieutenants nr Vice Lieuteiauli of Counties.

Rank of Officer* of Volunteer^ Corps, transferred to Local Militia. '

His Majesty may

pat Local Milina. under the Command of tienenl Officers.

The Kins mat order the Local Militia to be called out yearly 10 be trained.

fur not mare than -2 8 Days,

zpi

and to march further than Com* adjoining County.

Men may remote from one to another County Militia upon giving Notice to 1 Commanding Officers.

Penalty for falfo Statement* to obtain Permission; double die Penalties on not appearing.

In case of Invasion, &c. His Majesty may order the Local Militia to be embodied and marched to any Part of Great Britain.

Lord lieutenant^ &c. may rail out the Local Miliui for the Sup-

C. if i. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1$o4.

and from the Place appointed for Exercise (for which extra Days thd Pay and Subsistence allowed to His Majesty's Forces on March shall be allowed}; and no such Local Militia shall be ordered to march for firch Training and Exercise out of the County within which any such Local Militia shall have been enrolled, if confiding of an entire Regiment or Battalion, or further than into some next adjoining County, if confiding of Iefs than a Regiment or Battalion, and united by any Order of His Majesty with the Local Militia of any such adjacent County, for the rurpose of forming a Regiment or Battalion*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person enrolled to serve as a Local Militia Man under this Act, shall be defir-011s cf removing from one County to another County, or from one Division of a County to another Division of the same County, at au^ Time or Times during the Periddofhis Service, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon giving Notice in Writing to Ids Commanding Officer, who shall certify the fajne to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the County or Division to which such Local Militia Man intends to remove, and every such Local Militia Man so removing, shall be received into the Local Militia of the County or Division to which he shall have removed, and shall continue to serve therein for the Remainder of the Term for which he shall have been enrolled; and every such Militia Man who shall make a false Statement for the Purpose of obtaining such Permission, or who shall not present himself to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivssion to, which he shall remove, for the Purpose of being enrolled in the Local Militia thereof, and who shall not transmit to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from which he shall have removed, within One Month after the Expiration of such* annual Training, a Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to which he shall remove, of his having been duly trained and exercised in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall forfeit Double the Sum which such Person* would have forfeited if he had noL appeared to be trained and exercised in the Local Militia in which he was ballotted under this Act; and every Person who shall again remove, or who shall proceed to any other County of Division than that of which he shall have first given Notice, shall in like Manner again give Notice and transmit Certificates as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coait of any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to draw out and embody such Local Militia, or any Part or Proposition thereof, and to direct all or any of such Local Militia Men to be marched to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention and repelling of any such Invasion, or for the Suppression Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing at the Time of any such Invasion, and to keep and continue such Local Militia so embodied for any Period His Majesty may deem re* quiiite, not exceeding Six Weeks after the Enemy shall have been prevented or repelied, or driven from the Coast, or after any such Rebellion or Insurrection shall have been suppressed.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or for the Vice Lieutenant of any k County, or for the Sheriff of any County, or in the Absence of the

1 Lord

A.H 1808.

48° GEO. III.

C.ni.

Lord Lieutenant and Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, for any Two Justices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to call out and assemble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local Militia of any County, for the Suppression of any Riots or Tumults in such County, or in any adjoining County, and every Person then inrolled in the Local Militia so called out as aforesaid, who shall not appear and join his Regiment within such Time, and at such Place as shall be specified in any Notice or Notices put upon Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuous Places, or otherwise public illy given, (half be subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in any Acts relating to the Militia for not appearing when the Militia shall be assembled for Training and Exercise: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part of any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that the Person not appearing was prevented by Absence, or any unavoidable Causes from receiving such Notice, or appearing as aforesaid j and all such Local Militia, when so called out and assembled on such Service as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be assembled for Training and Exercise under this Att; and all Provisions relating to the Militia when assembled for Training and Exercise shall apply to the Local Militia called out upon such Service as aforesaid, and all Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercise under this Act: Provided always, that when any Local Militia shall be so called out as aforesaid, the same shall be immediately notified to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty's Approbation' thereof: Provided also, that no such Local Militia shall be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Service for any longer Period than Fourteen Days in any One Year and if any such Service shall arise after any such Local Militia shall have been trained and exercised for the full Period of Twenty-eight Days in such Year, then and in such Case the Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercising of the succeeding Year.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Local Militia shall he assembled in Time of War, for the Puppose of Training and Exercising, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults within their own or any adjacent County, all Persons serving in the said Militia shall be subjected to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for Prevention of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Ad and Articles of War shall be in force with respect to them, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, 'and Private Men so assembled as aforesaid, in all Cases whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Local Militia, when not drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the same Pay, Clothing, and Allowances, as the regular Militia are entitled to when not embodied; and when drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the same Pay, Clothing, and Allowances, for themselves and Families, according to their respective Ranks, as His Majesty'tf other Militia Forces when drawn out and embodied.

390

frcflton of Riots.

enalty on not appearing is under Militia.

Aa*<

Suclt Assembfiiitf shall be reckoned as Part of the 'fime for. Training, and lie notified to Secretary of State; and shall not continue more than 14 Days in Out Year.

Local Militia assembled in Time of War shall be ful >ject to the Mutiny Alt.

Local Militia entitled to the same Pay, &c. as the Regular Militia.

4oo

C. hi.

48° GEO. irf.

A.D. 1tot;

Wires and

Families of Local Militia Men entitled to Relief as those of Volunteers under G. 3. c. 54.

Local Militia Men may eiil'ift (except during Training) in Army, Navy, Marines, or.Militia, '

Vacancies shall be supplied as in other Cases.

No Suspension in Ballot for Vacancies in Local Militia.

Counties, &c. subject to a Fine of 1 ftl. for each Man deficient on 14 Feb. yearly.

Retumof Part of Fine for Men enrolled within certain Periods.

Commandants of Regiments shall annually transmit Certificates of Deficiencies tq

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of Exercise, all Persons enrolled therein, who shall join on such assembling, and shall have Families unable to support themselves, shall, during the Period of their being so assembled as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the like Relief to their Wives and Families, and under such and the like Circumftfinces, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions as any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers are entitled to for their Wises and Families under an Act passed in the Forty* fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to sonfolidate and amend the Prr vijtons of the federal Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteert in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

XLV. And be it further racted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ball 61 ted or enrolled to serve or serving in the Local Militia under this Act, to enlist or enter into His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or as a Substitute in the Regular Militia of the fane County, at any Time except during such rortion of the Period cf being assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercisea aforesaid under this Act, as His Majesty shall by any Order made is that Behalf prescribe; and the Enlisting or Entry of every such Mu shall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom such Mas shall have enlisted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia from which such Mao shall have enlisted or entered: and all Vacancies arising by any such enlisting or entering as aforesaid, shall be supplied in like Manner as any other Vacancies in the said Local Militia.

XLVI. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That all Vacancies arising in the Local Militia by such enlisting as aforesaid, orby Discharge, Absence, Desertion, Death, or Expiration of Service, shall be filled up according to the Provisions of this Act, and the several A ft9relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Suspenfioo of Ballot for the regular Militia.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hundred, or Parish for which the full Number of Men required by any Order of His Majesty under this Act shall not have been ballotted and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February succeeding such Order, if given Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February> or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies arising in such Local Militia shall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the same shall have arisen, "if the same shall have arisen Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, shall be subject to a Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man remaining deficient.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which such Fine shall have arisen and in which fuen Deficiency shall be thereafter supplied, shall be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Two-third Parts of any such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March and One-third Part of every such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the First Day of April, after any such Fine dm have so arisen as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commandants of the Regiments of Local Militia in England shall, within Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Year, transmit to the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates assembled at the several

General

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

4H

and return fueii Assessment into the Exd*qust*A

Penalties shall bt paid into the Bank, out of which Bounties,

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the respective Counties*. Quart rr Sessioni, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after the First Day. of who shall affef* March in each Year, Certificates of the Number of Men then remaining deficient in their cespective Regiments, distinguishing tbft Period for which such Deficiencies or Vacancies have existso, by what Cause occasioned, and for what District, Division, or JPariftr; and the Justices of the 'Peace, or the Magistratea assembled at such Quarter Sclfions, shall at such S^fiions assess the Penalty of Fifteen Pounds, for each Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, on such District, Division, or Parish, in the Quota of v; hich such Deficiency shall have arisen, and such Assessment shall be forthwith Teturacd by the Clerk of the Peace to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties* and Forfeitures, incurred under any of the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia made applicable to this Act,

shall be paid within Twenty-one Days after the lame shall be Received, ^i.cfllM<l

to the Account of jthe said Payma&er General at the Sank of Eng* .*

iandp for the Purposes of this Act, and all Bounties and Sums of

Money to be paid under this Act for Necessaries, shall be paid out of the Monica arising from such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as

aforementioned*

LI. And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall be kept of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures remitted to the Bank of England for each County respectively; and if in any County, the Sum of Money advanced under this Act for Payment of any Jr*.,

Bounties shall exceed the Amount of the Fines, Penalties, and For- good

feitures, paid into the Bank in respect of such County; the Amount: of such Deficiency shall be paid and made good out of the County Rate of such County; and it shall be lawful f<?r the Secretary at War to order the Treasurer of such County from Time to Time to pay the Amount of such Deficiency, and such Treasurer shall thereupon forthwith remit the same out of the County Rates of such, County, to the Account of the Paymaster General at the Bank of England for the Local Militia.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates assembled at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace of any County in which any fueii Sums shall have been advanced cf Se Qmntv°Ut oat of the County Rate, at any Sessions within Twelve Months after Rates, upon ih* such Advance, to a fiefs such Sum upon the Parishes for which the respectire Men to whom such Bounties shall have been paid shall have volunteer- P«rUhc». cd; and such Assessment shall be made and levied in like Manner as Fines for any Deficiencies are directed to be levied and recovered 5 and such Assessment, when so recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, having made such Advance for the Purpose of replacing the same to the County Rate of such County.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall Certain.serve under this Act, whose Assessment in any Rate to be made or E«mpnonp ir> levied for the Purpose of Repayment of any Bounties, or the Payment of any Fines under this Act, shall be made on any Property not exceeding in annual Value, according to the Valuation on which such Rate shall be made, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be wholly exempt from such Rate; and every such Person, whose Assessment shall be made on any such Property exceeding in annual Value 48 aforesaid, such Sum of Twenty Pounds shall, by reason of such Service, be eic-

48 Geo. III. Dd, wnfit

If the Bounties shall exceed the Fines paid into

out of the County Rates.

Quarter Sefconl shall assess the

from Rates for Repayment of Bounties,

C. nr,

A.D. 180ft

40*

48° GEO. III.

Apfc«t

Quarter Sc (Horn.

Money under this Act shall not be retained by Treasurer, Ac.

Subdivision Clerks nmy be ordered to pay Bounties, and dial I transmit Account thereof to Secretary at War. Penalty aol.

trrfpt as to such Property to the Amount of such Sum of Twenty Pounds, and be rated in such Rate only to the Amount by whit* futh Property shall exceed such annual Sum of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid; and if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by «ny such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next Genend or Quarter Sessions, in such Manner as is provided in Cases of Appeal against: Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace to order or direct any Treasurer of a County or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings to retain any Money in his Hands under this Act; and every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings who shall retain any Mhney in his Hands for the Space of One Month after the Period within which such Money ought to have been paid to the Bank of England, shall forfeit for any such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds and Treble the Amount of the Money so retained.

LV. provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace attend* ing the enrolling and swearing in of any Men under this Act entitled to such Bounty of Two Guineas, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Clerk of their Subdivision to phy any such Bounties out of any Money in his Hands, not remitted under the Provisions of this Act, at such Time, and every such Clerk of Subdivision Meetings paying any such Bounties, shall transmit Accounts thereof at such Periods after the Payment of such Bounties, and in such Form, and with such Particulars as shall be required by the Secretary at War, in that Behalf, on Pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

or on Certificate of Dejwiy Lieutenant, See. transmitted to the Secretary at War, the CU1 k may draw on the Pavniafter General.

Subdivision t lerkb ftaft transmir an Account of Fine*, &c. to the Secretary at

Wu.

' LVi. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in evenr Case' in which any such Bounties shall become payable, and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, within which the same shall be due, fhaD not have any Money in his Hands for the Payment thereof, then and in such Case the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice aforesaid, shall sign a Certificate thereof, and of the Amount of Bounties so to be paid, and to whom, and for what Parishes or Places, and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting shall forthwith transmit such Certificate to the Secretary ar War, and draw upon the Paymaster General for the Amnnnt of Bounties specined to be so payable and deficient in such Certificate.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall keep an Account in the Form to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or in such other Form as may from Time to Time be directed for that Purpose by the Secretary at War, of all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, from Time to Time received by him, and also of all Sums allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Hundreds, or Parishes, by reason of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any Fine9 or Penalties, beifig remitted under the Provisions of this Act; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices attending at the Time of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, being imposed or remitted, or any Two of them, shall and they are hereby required to certify the same to be correct, and the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall verify the jame upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Juf--ice of the Peace is authorised to administer, and shall transmit to the Secretary at War such Account made up to the Twenty-fourth Day of Dcecmbgr in each Year, or to such other Period as the Secre-

tary

G.iiij

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

4 «i

tary at War iHall diced, or shall, in Default thereof, forfeit for such Neglect the Sum of One hundred Pounds*

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That eveij Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall and is hereby required, within Seven Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of Majrch^ June, September, and December, respectively in each Year, or oftener if required, to tr<*ufnv't an Account to the Secretary at War for the Time being, of all Sums received by him and remitted to the Bank of England, to the Account of the said Paymaster General for the Purposes of this Act, verified upon Oath before One Depiity Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace# which Oath any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised to administer, and made in the Form in the Sche* dale to this Act annexed, marked (B.\ or such other Form as may from Time to Time be prescribed in that Behalf by the Secretary at War, or shall, in Default thereof, forfeit for such NCgled the Sum of Fifty Pounds. g

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Siipdivision or other Meetings shall be and is hereby required from Time to Time to transmit E fit mates of such Sums as may be required for the Repayment of Penalties or Parts of Penalties to be remitted under this Act, to the Secretary at War, and the said Clerk of Subdivision or other Meetings shall draw for the Amount thereof, in such Manner as the Secretary at War for the Time being shall direct, and within Twenty-one DayB after he shall have received any such Money, shall pay the Amount of the Penalties or Part of Penalties so remitted, taking Receipts for the same, and he shall, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, or oftener if required, transmit an Account of such Payments verified upon Oath (which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised to administer) and made out according to the Porm to this Act "annexed, marked (C.), or such other Form as the Secretary at War shall require and direct.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall, if required so to do by the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any General or Subdivision Meeting, give Security by Bond to His Majesty with Two Sufficient Sureties, in such Sums as the Deputy Lieutenants shall fix, for duly accounting for, and remitting all Monies paid into his Hands under the Provisions of this -Ad.

Penalty 1001.

tndalfo Accounts ol Money remitted to die Bank} on Oa.2u

Penalty 501.

Like Accounts required of Eflimatca of Sums for Payment of Penalties remitted, and of Payments thereof fcpon Oath.

Bond from. Subdivision OeSks.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Fine* stall be Forfeitures incurred by any Officers or Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act, or incurred, paid, or levied under any of the Provisions of this Act, relating to the Default or Enrolment of any xarTct Persons -under this Act, or to any Persons liable to be ballotted or enrolled under this Act, or under any of the Provisions relating thereto, or relating to any Deficiencies, shall, aft^r Payment of such Bounties and Sums for Necefiarie? as aforesaid, go and be applied under any general or particular Order or Orders of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the Discharge of any Expences of ballotting, training or exarcifing under this Act, ' within the County, Riding, or Place where the same shall arise, or any incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act within such County, Riding, or Place.

LXIL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful lor any Informer* may ^JPeputy Lieutenant, together with One Justice of the Peace, or have Pan of dm

Dda any

44

A.D. 1808.

Two Justices may hear and determine Offences, and give Judgment for Penalties, &c.

Appeal to the General Quarter Sessions.

Penalty on

Witnesses not attending,1.

C. hi.

48° GEO. III.

any Two Justices of the Peace, before whom any Offence against this Act shall be heard and determined, upon Conviction of the Offender, to adjudge such Part of the Penalty as they shall think fit, (not exceeding One-third Part thereof) to the Person or Persons giving Information of the Offence, upon which any such Conviction mail take place.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where any Offence shall be committed against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty for no( appearing to be enrolled, or making any false Declaration relative to any Claim of Exemption, or for not continuing in any Volunteer Corps, and transmitting Certificates relative thereto, or for not appearing to sign a Declaration that he has not insured contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or making a false Declaration relative thereto, or for making a false Declaration relative to receiving any greater Bounty than is allowed by this Act, to hear and determine such Offence at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed; and such Justices of the Peace shall, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made io that Behalf, summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture as by this Act is directed, and issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any, and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be fonnd fumcient to answer the Penalty, commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justices, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded iif case such Judgment mall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses.upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justices, touching, any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refofe to-appear at the Time and Place to be4 for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, ox; their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justices before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding' Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is directed as to the other Penaltit 9.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom

5 % any

A.D. 1808.

C. u it

40 s

4*0 GEO. III.

any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any Other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatit mutandis (that is to say),

4 T> E it remembered, That on the Day of

4* io the Year of our Lord in the County of

A* B. of was convicted before us C+D. and E. F.

4 Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County,

residing near the Place where the( Offence was committed: for that the said A.B. on the Day of now

last past, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, \Jere state the Offence agathjl the Act^; and we do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act, by any Justice of the Peace, shall fce removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever, and that no Writ ox Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs notwithstanding.

LXVII. 'Andwhereasmishy Persons who have found Substitutes or paid Fines under an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign < of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more x effectually to raise and affcmUe in England an additional Military 1 Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War9 have been lines ballotted

and enrolled to serve, or found Substitutes or paid Fines under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and inereapng the fame9 under certain limitations and Reflri8ions, and it is just

and expedient that such Persons should be relieved; be it therefore enacted, That every Person who shall have been balloted under the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, and shall have found any Substitute, or paid any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or for not finding any Substitute under the said last mentioned Act, ' and who shall have been ballotted and enrolled under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and be now fervingjn the Militid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled tjo, and shall on demand have a full and complete Discharge; and every Person who shall have found any Substitute, or paid any Fine as aforesaid, under the said Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, and who shall have also found any Substitute or paid any Fine under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be entitled and shall have a Return of the Money paid for finding a Substitute, or the Amount _ of Fine paid under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament; and it 'shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices before whom any such Substitute shall have been enrolled, or any Two of them, or for any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace of the Division within which such Fine shall have been paid, to grant a Certificate of the Amount of the Money so paid for such Substitute or of such Pi°e as aforesaid, d^dufting therefrom such Sum of Money 'as shall have been paid to such Man by any Parish, as Half the Price of a Substitute; and the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for

D d 3 which

Form of Conviilions.

No Certiorari.

Persons haring been ballotted under 43 G. 3; c. 89. and having found Substitutes, or paid Fines under that Act, if serving in the Militia under 47 G. 3. Sess. 9. c. 71. shall be entitled to their Discharge: and Persons having found Substitutes or paid Fines under both shall have a Return of their Money paid under 47 G. 3.

406

C. 1IT.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Number of Local Militia to 'be ballot ted and eurotted within the Gogu* Tat*, && 2500.

When there shall be a Deficiency in the Number, His Majesty may order it to lie^bal toiled for.

JVarden of the Cinque Ports, &c. shall put this Act in 1 Execution,

Warden, &cf shall appoint the Number of Men to be jailed for each of ilia Ports, &c.

Mayors, <cc. of |be Cinque

which such Substitute shall have been found, or in refoed of which such Fine shall have been paid, shall, within Seven Days after the, Prodtidion of such Certificate, pay such Money on Pain of forfeit? ing for any Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXVIIL 6 And whereas there is no Quota established for the ' Militia' within the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their*Members, ' be it enacted, That the Number of Men to be balloted and enrolled for the Local Militia under this Act, within the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall not exceed such Number as will, in addition to and together with and including the effectice Yeomanry and Volunteers then fenring within the same, exclusive of Supernumeraries, above the Establishment of such Corps ferying without Pay, who shall have been inrolled therein after the Fiift Day of April last, amount to Two thousand five hundred Men.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often a| the Number of effectice Yeomanry and Volunteers, together with the Number of Local Militia in the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall be below the Quota of Local Mi-litis herein-before established for the same, it (hap be lawful for His Majesty to order and dined that a Number of Local Militia Men, equal in Amount to such Deficiency, shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled for the same under this Act* f° that the Number in thp Whole of the Local Militia and the effectice Ycomannr and Volunteers within the same, shall be equal to the said bft-mentk>ned Quota so established as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, that the Warden of thf Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall within their respecthrp Jurisdictions put in Execution this Act, and Use and exerdfe all the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to raising or embodying Men within such Jurisdiction as aforesaid, or any Ad relating to the Militia of England, or this Act, for the Purpose of carrying the same into Execution, and raising the Men to be provided and raised within their respective Jurisdictions under this Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, and hereby made applicable to the raising the said Local Militia, or in this Act, shall be in full Force for the Purpose of raising the Local Militia within the-Cinque Portsj any Thing m any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notv^th* (landing,

LXXI. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the said War* den, and the said Mayors, Jurats, Magistrates, or Deputy Lieute* iiknfg, at a General Meeting to be holden as soon as may be aflqr any l^allot shall have been directed for the raising of any Local Militia within the Cinque Ports, and Lifts shall have been returned for that Purpose, to appoint the Number of Men to be raised in purfoaoce of this Act for each of the said forts. Two ancient Towns andfhrir Liberties, ' and the several Members thereof respectively: and the Number of Men so apportioned shall be raised, ballotted for, and sworn in, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act,

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayors, Jurats, or Other Magftrttcs for the Time being, of etch Of the Ctoque Porfi, .....Twf

A.D. 1tol

C.m.

48° GEO. III.

; 4*7

Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members fats, &c-thereof, fluifl and may ad as Deputy Lieutenants for the Purposes of SV 'f* in this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the Warden of the said Cinque and

Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, to appoint any other^w«den my Persons qualified in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the appoint pcher Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's keign, intituled An Act q^Htodfafeoa far amending the Laws relating to the militia in England, and for ang»

menting the Militia, to ad m like Manner as Deputy Lieutenants within the same: Provided always, that the said Warden may, with the Concurrence of any Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants, authorize the said Mayors, Jurats, and Magistrates, or Deputy Lieutenants, within such Ports, Towns, Liberties, and Members, to issue their Orders to the respective Constables within the same, to return within _ a limited Time Lifts of all Persons liable to serve in the Local Militia for such Port, Town, Liberty, and Member respectively, in the Manner required by this Act, and by the said Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Ad relating to the Militia of England, and may appoint such Times as may appear to him to be necessary and proper for the Returns and Notices to be made and given, conformably to the Directions of the said recited Act and this Act; and for the holding other Meetings, and doing all*Acts, Mattel's, and Tilings, which may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution within the Cinque Ports.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That a Local Militia shall Lo?a1 Militia he ballotted and enrolled from among the Tinners or Miners of the fhdlbebajlotied Counties of Devon and Cornwall, in like Manner and to such Amount in relation to the Quota of Regular Militia for the said Tinners and jjerou. Miners; as is by-this Act directed in relation to Counties; and such Local Militia shall be raised under the Provisions of this Act.

LXXLV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Warden of.

Stannaries in Great Britain shall respectively, in obedience to His Majesty's Ordet* to be issued for that Purpose, which His Majesty is hereby empowered to issue, procure all Matters to* be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges of the Working Tinneit, as art hereby or by any Act or Acts relating to the Tinners or Miners of Cornwallf or to the Militia, required to be done by the Lieutenant* and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons redding in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall not entitled to thp Benefit of such Privileges; and such Warden, Special Deputy War-. den* and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and' execute all and every the Matters and Things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, asjthe lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the federal Coun* ties have for so doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That aB and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things contained in an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the ihirN* eighth Year of the Reign of tfis present Majesty, intituled An Act for raifng \ Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for Jtbe Defence of the Kingdom daring tie present War, and for the more afcBualh raffing and regulating a Body of Miners for tie Defence of Great Britain, relative to nifipg and vrgucting a Body of Minevt

d4*erfdfo

Stannaries, by Order oTHis Majesty, Ihtti procure all' Matters to be dose tourlriu* i the Tinners.

fateissf*

43 G.9*r.9S*

lb

C ti r.

'A«D( i SoS.

461'

48° GEO. III.

fi- r v

Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled in the Tower Hamit ti.

Powers of

37 G. 3. c. 35 and 75.; and 43 G. 3. c. 83. &c. extended to this Act

This kSt shall not repeal 37 G^. c. 26 8c,

?s« except a» to newJioe», &c«

HrovHkma relating to Counties extended to Hidings, and roUting to Hundreds extended to 8*p«f

Powers given to Constables extended to Tythingmen, &c.

within the Stannaries, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, shall, itt att'Cases in which other Provisions are not made by this Act, be applied, practised, and put In force, in all Respects, for raising the Local Muitia Meri to be raised out of the Tinners and Miners within the said Stannaries under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Act and this Act were consolidated into one Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled under this Act in the Tower Hamlets and Liberties of the Tower, not exceeding such Number of Men as will, in addition to, and including and together with the effipftive Volunteers serving in and for the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, ex<3alive of Supernumeraries above the Establishment of any such Corps serving without Pay, who shall have been enrolled therein after the First Day of April last, amount to Six Times the Amount of the Quota of tht original Militia of the Tower Hamlets; and such Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled at such Periods as His Majesty shall by any such Warrant as aforesaid, direct; and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things* contained in Two Acts made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of- His present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts relative to raising the Militia of the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, together with all Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Authorities contained in an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An' Ad to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force for tie better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, for raising the Men to be raised therein under that Act, mall be applied, practised, and put in force in all Respects, for raising the Men to be raised therein under this Act, aS fully and effectually as if the said Acts and this Act were consolidated into one Act.'

LXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provisions of the said Two recited Acts of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, other than as any new and additional Fines, Penalties, and Powers in this Act contained may be applicable and necessary for the raising the Men by 'this Act directed to be raised in the Tower Hamlets.

LXXVItl. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Divisions, Cities, and Places; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, ' relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and other Divisions in Or of any such 'County, Riding, Division, Shire, City, or Place; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all 'Townships, Tythings, and Places, and to all Extra-parochial Places united therewith, for the Purposes of any Act relating to the Militia; and all Powers by this Act given to any Constable shall extend to all Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Peacp Officers, and other Persons acting as Constables in any Counties, Hundreds Parishes, % and Places in which there shall be no Constable, as fully and amply at if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Piovifiod, Jtorection, and CUule, and with relauonto every such Matter or Thing.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES imposed and remitted by the Lieutenancy.

Date when imposed. Name of Person. Penalty at 30/. for Persons worth more than 2001. per Annum. Penalty at <10 L for Persons worth more than 100 /. and not exceeding 200l. per Annum. Penalty at 10 /. for Persons worth lets than 10OL per Annum. Remittance of Fines and Penalties allowed by the Lieutenancy. Net Sum imposed. REMARKS. SHEDULES to which this

Deficiency in the Subdivision of in the County of as per Return herewith

annexed signed by the Commandant, dated the J being Men at £. per Man,

£. paid to the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings for on the j*

do hereby certify that the above Account is truly and justly stated to the best of our Knowledge and Belief. 3

- Deputy Lieutenant

' Magistrate.

5»S £>2 4^ 5 pvt*

9?

H

>8

SCHEDULE (B.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the Cletk of Subdivision Meeting*.

*Contra'*C*

Date when received. Name of Person fined. Penalty at30l. fijrPerKMM worth more than 3001. per Annum. Penalty at 201. for Persons worth more than 1001. and not exceeding 2001. per.Annum. Penalty at lot. for Persons worth left than tool, per Annum. Amount of each Penalty. Date when remitted. Amount of each Remittance.

1 / - By Remittance to the Bank of England. Do.*Do.

Swombefore me on the Day of 180

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the foregoing is a just and true Account of all Sums received by me as Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings of the County of between the Day of and the

Day of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Deputy Lieutenant or Justice.

-r- — Signature.

Clerk of the Subdivision of the County of

'SCHEDULE (CO

Clerk of SobdmRon Meetings on Account for PENALTIES remitted by the Lieutenancy.

D* - - - - Contra - - C

Date of. Bill. In vhbfie Favour fowiir Amount of each BUI. Date of Payment. Name of Person whose Fine has been Knitted. No. of Receipt. Amount.

Sworn before me the Day of 180

i. Deputy Lieutenant or Joftit*

til? rni'a 'm oao <8*o8i 'cry

4 GEO. III.

IAJ3, 1S0&

Grand Juries in Inland may appoint

Commissionro to felt or exchange 1'reiniies that have beet« used i'or Court Houses, Gaols, &c.

.+12, 113.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight iumdred and eight.

[30th June 1808.]

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Persons appointed by them,) to sell or exchange Ground that has been occupitdT)y old "Court Houses, Gaols, or Cojanty Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS new Court Houses, Gaols, and County In-

fermaries have been built, or may hereafter be built in many

Counties in Ireland, and it is necessary to enable Grand Juries to dispose of the Ground on which such old Court Houses, Gaols,

and County Infirmaries Hand, and of any Buildings or Materials thereon, and to grant a sufficient Title thereto: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's malt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeflt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases, where the Grand Jury of any Cotiuty or County of a City, or County of a Town, shall have procured Ground to build or erect a new Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, and that the same completed and in Use, and that such Grand Jury shall conceive It expedient to fell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of the Land occupied by or in any way. appertaining to such bid Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, or any Building thereon, in any County or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, it shall and may he lawful for the Grand Jury, at any Affixes for any such County, or any County of a City, or County of a Town in which such old Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary is situated, to appoint and nominate any Number of Persons not less than Five, as Commissioners to fell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of any such Ground, or of any Building or Materials thereon 5 and such Commifimners, or any Three of them so fappoiuted, shall h&ve full Power to fjril by Auction, to exchange, or otherwise dispose of any such Ground, or any Building thereon, or to dispose of separately or together of any Timber, Slates, Stones, Bricks, or other Materials thereon, and to make Contrafts and Agreements for and concerning the same, to sign Leases or Deeds conveying the same, and to do all Matters and Tilings requisite for carrying such Agreements into due Execution for and on behalf of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, such Agreement nevertheless, and the Leases'and Deeds conveying the same, to be laid before the

v Grand Jury at the following Assizes, and if approved of by such Grand Jury, the Foreman is to affix his Name thereto, and the Money arising from such Sale of such Ground or Materials shall be paid to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and by him placed to the Credit of the County at large, and may be disposed of by the Grand Jury for or in Aid of any new »'Court

A.D. 1 So Si

4*3

48° GEO. III. C. H3-i5t

Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, or itrfoclrothcrMaflflu* as by Law they shall be entitled, for the general Advantage of such County, or County of a City, or County of a Town at lar^e.

II.*And whereas iu many Cases there is much Difficulty in mak* ing out a Title to Grounds that have been so occupied by such old Court Houses, Gaols, and County Infirmaries, although there, has*not appeared any Claimant thereto for many Years be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Ground, or any Buildings thereon, that has been occupied as aforesaid, for Sixty Years and upwards, in a peaceable and quiet Manner and without any Claimant on Record in any Court of Law, such peaceable and quiet Possession for Sixty Years shall be confide red as a good and valid Title; and such Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid, or any Three, of them, shall have full Power and Authority to convey the Irtr terefty Fee, and Inheritance thereof in as large and at ample a Manner as the same was held and enjoyed by the County; an, d such Conveyance by Deed, L'ease, or other Instrument signed by such Commissioners, or any Three of them, and approved of by the Grand Jury as aforesaid, shall be deemed, taken, and considered as a good, sufficient, and valid Title in Law, said Grand Jury nevertheless being first satisfied as to the due Payment of the Purchase Money to the Treasurer as aforesaid, or as to any other valuable Consideration that may have been agreed for thereto; and it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to grant a Presentment for all reasonable Expence* at* tending the Disposal and Conveyance of such Ground and Materials*

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills far the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[30th June 1808.]

Treasury mav raise 6, 000, 000l. by Exchequer Bills, as under Chapter i.* of this Session. §1, 2. Payable out of the First Srap- plies in the next Session. $3. Interest. $-}2d. per Cent, per Diem, §4. Such Exchequer Bills shall be current at the Exchequer, See. after April's* 1809. §5. Bank of England may advance 6*000*000 A on the Credit of this Act. $ 6."

CAP. CXV.

An Act to grant to H!$ Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland.

[30th June' i8aS/J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that, iu respect of the Duties imposed, upon Malt and Sugar and Spirits made therefrom respectively in Ireland* Duties should be charged on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland* sufficient to countervail the said Duties on Malt and Spirits made in Ireland: May it there- fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, b.y and with the Advice and

Content

Quiet Possession for Sixty Yean deeinej a good Tide.

A.D. 1 So 9.

4*4

ChuteiviSfog Duties on Sprits imported into Ireland from Scotland, vis. par Galion:

Spgar Spirits IfcSd.

O&cr Spirit! foot being Foreign) 5s. 84.

Fqtrivalent Drawbacks oa Spirits exported fiom Iiriurits

Cii$, ntf.

* GEO. III.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fafrie* That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, granted, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successort, upon all Spirits imported into Ireland trout any Part of Scotland the fevers! Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of pll Countervailing Duties whatever payable on such Spirits, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; that is to say, For and upon every Gallon of Spirits distilled from Sugar, and imported into Inland from any Part of Scotland* a Countervailing Duty of £ight Shillings and Five-pence British Currency:

And for and upon every Gallon of all other Spirit! (not being Foreign Spirits), unposted into Inland, from any Part of Scotland* a Countervailing Duty of Five Shillings and Eight-pence British Currency.

II. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from /ire* land to any Part of Scotland* of any Spirit!for or in respect of which the internal Duties impeded by any Ad made or to be made, in this present Session of Parliament, mall have been fully paid and satisfied in Inland* there shall respectively be allowed and paid a Drawback equal in Amount to the respective Countervailing Duties, by this Act granted on the like Spirits respectively, imported into Ireland from Scotland* in lieu of all Drawbacks payable in respect of such Spirits exported from Inland to Scotland* under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland* immediately before the passing of this Act.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be. levied and allowed as former Cuun- tervailing Duties and Drawbacks. §3."

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the 0 v Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the Island of Madeira* and to and from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient for the Benefit of Commerce and Correspondence to establish One or more Packet Boats between the Port of Falmouth* in the Coipity of Cornwall* or such other Port in this Kingdom, as His Majesty's Post-master General shall appoint, and the Island of Madeira and Brazil* or other of the Territories and Possessions of the Crown of Portugal oft the Continent of South America* in lieu of the Packet Boats lately employed A Postage between Great Britain and the Kingdom of Portugal; 9 Be it there-according to fore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty; by and with the

specified Rate* Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

nay be taken for Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Fbcken conveyed of the same, That from and after the Establishment of Packet Boats by Packet Boau between this Kingdom and the Island of Madeira* and between any from or to any of the PortuguiJeY erritories on the Continent of South America* it _* shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Post-master General and to'or from110* ^is -D*Pu*y raid Deputies by him thereunto authorised, for the Use Madeira, Brazil, His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, Sec, and

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

Cii<5, 117.

4*5

and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Falmouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* to or from the Island of Madeira^ and to or from Branil, or any of the Territories and Possessions of the Crown of Portugal, on the Continent of South America* over and above all other Rates payable for Conveyance of such Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom, a "Packet Postage according to the Rates and Sums in Stalling Money herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter to or from the Island of Madeira, the Sum of One Shiuing and Sixpence: For every Double Letter Three Shillings:

For every Treble Letter Four Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Ounce Six Shillings; and so in proposition for every Packet oi greater Weight than an Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter to or from Brand, or any o^her the Territories and Possessions of the Crown of Portugal on the Continent of South America, the Sum of Two Shillings and Five-pence:

For every Double Letter Four Shillings and Ten-pence:

For every Treble Letter Seven Shillings and Three-pence:

And for every Ounce Nine Shillings and Eight-pencfe; and so in proposition for every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

Xi. And be it further enacted, That. from and after the Estabiifoment of Packet Boats for the Purposes aforesaid, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods for Recovery of the same, and all other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Poll Office, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to Letters and Packets to be conveyed between the said United Kingdom and the Island of Madeira, and other the said Territories and roffefiions of th? Crown of Portugal.

" Money arising by the Rates shall be carried to the Consolidated Fuad. $3. General Issue — rTreble Costs. $4."

Cap. cxvir.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and Rain* ed, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

- [30th. 1808.]

WHEREAS certain Duties of Excise are payable on Silks,

printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, and on

Irish printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks, and Silk Handker-

chiefs, 'and a Drawback is allowed thereupon; and it is expedient to ' repeal the same, and to grant other Duties and a Drawback in lieu

thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftemb'led, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and Angular the said Duties and Drawback fhafi neafe and determine and be no longer paid or payable, save and ex*ept in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying, any

8 Arrears

PovenofaB

ocher Act* relating to the Post Office extended toftt* A6L

Former Buries of&cifeoiiSifti and Drawback*

cease.

A.D. 1808.

31$ C. 117, 118. 48° GEO. III.

Krw Duties. BniiA Silks.

Iriik Silks.

New Drawbacks.

Arrears thereof respectively which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall before that Time have been incurred; and that, from and after the pailing of this Act, in lieu and indead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of Silk, the several Duties of Excise here-in-after respectively mentioned 5 that is to say,

For every Yard Square of Silks of whatever Kind* or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, which shall be printed, ' dained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such Silks as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only) the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proposition for any greater or lefts Quantity than a Yard Square of such Silks:

And for every Yard Square of Irish printed, dained, painted, or dyed Silks, of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, (except such IrUb Silks as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only,) which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proposition for any greater or less Quantity than a Yard Square of such Silks:

And that in lieu and' indead of the Drawback hereby repealed there shall be made, allowed, and paid the Drawback herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For Silks of whatever Kind or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, printed, dained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been pai<J, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandise to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of all the Duties which shall have been paid thereon.

" Powers of former Acts extended to this Act for levying the Duties, and allowing the Drawbacks. §2."

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, for a limited Time.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances

of Interruption in the Importation of Foreign Com, to prohibit throughout the United Kingdom all Distillation of Spirits

from Corn or Grain, for a Time to be limited, and to enable His Majesty, by Proclamation, if He shall judge it for the Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom, cither to terminate or further continue

such Prohibition for a Time to be limited, &c.

From 20 June 1808, Distillation of Spirits from Grain prohibited 41 throughout the United Kingdom, till 31 December 1808. § i. 14 After October 1, 1808, His Majesty, by Proclamation, &c. may 'permit the Distillation of Spirits from Grain (except Wheat); — or His Majesty may continue the Prohibition from December 31# until 40 Days after the next Meeting of Parliament. §2. Penalty for uling Grain for Distillation during the Prohibition, 500A $ 3. Distillera taking into their Custody, during the Prohibition, " Grain which dull have been ground, except Malt sot exceeding

Two

A*0« 1808«

4*7

48° GEO. III. C. 118, 119.

Two Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Flour not exceeding One Sack " of Five Bushels, shall forfeit 500l. and the Grain. §4. Distillers m^y have in their Custody ground Barley, &c. at any Time within u Twenty Days of the Expiration of the Prohibition. §5. Exemp- tion for Distillers who are also Millers. §6. Commissioners of " Excise in Scotland may make Allowances to Persons who have taken out Licence'for working Stills there. §7. Contrafts for supplying Spirits to be delivered during the Operation of the Act, de--" dared void. §8. Fines and Penalties may be levied and applied, w as under former Laws of Excise. $ 9."

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Great Britain, according to the Strength thereof.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament in force, at and

V, V immediately before the passing of this Act, certain Duties of Excise are imposed on all Single Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua ' Vitse, and Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, and certain

other Duties on the like Articles so imported above Proof: And whereas it has been the Practice of the Officers and' other Persons

employed in the Service of the Revenue of Excise to consider and

charge all such Spirits as fmgle or Proof Spirits only, which although

above Proof have upon Examination and Trial been found in any

Degree under the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof,

whereby considerable Inequalities and Inconveniencies have arisen

in the Charge of Duty upon such Spirits under different Circumstances: For Remedy whereof it is expedient to prohibit and dif- continue the said Practice be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal?, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, all such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, ' and Strong Waters as aforesaid, not being Irish Spirits, which shall be cr shall have been brought or imported into Great Britain, and for which any Duties of Excise shall be payable, and which shall be found (by Clarke's Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer, which under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament shall be directed to be used for ascertaining the Strength of Spirits) to be above the Strength of Proof, shall be con(idered, deemed, and taken to be Spirits above Proof, and shall be charged with the Duties of Excise accordingly, without any Deduction, Allowance, or Abatement whatsoever, any Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwith-ftaudiner*

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitse, or Strong Waters (not being Irish Spirits), shall be fairly and regularly imported, and that no Artifice, Means or Contrivance, shall be used or employed, either by sweetening the same, or otherwise, whereby the Officers of Excise may be deceived or imposed upon, in respect of the true Strength thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officers to charge such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, -Aqua Vhic, and Strong Wa-. 48 Geo. III. Ee tert,

Spirits (not being Irish) imported into Great Britain found to be above Proof shall be charged Viththe Duties of Excise accordingly.

Spirits, if (airly imported, shall be charged with Duty as Single Spirits, and further in proposition to tha actual Strength.

A.D. 1808.

C. 1x9, 120; 48 GEO. III.

1

ters, with Duty as Single Spirits, and ilfo with a further Duty in V proposition to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall he above Proof; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

British, Colonial Spirits shall not be subject to Regulations of this M Act till after January 5, 1809. §3."

CAP. CXX.

An Act for reducing the Excise Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa ware-housed shall be subject to the Regulations of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warehouses.

[30th June 1808.]

43 G. 0. c* 69.*\KT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of 1 Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu 45 G. a. c. ao.*thereQf and by another Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty federal additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, certain Duties of Excise are imposed upon Coffee imported into Great Britain: And whereas for encouraging the Consumption of Coffee of the Growth and Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in ' Americaor which shall be imported by the United Company of ' Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, it is expedient to repeal the said Duties on Coffee, and to impose other andlefferDuties in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's rood - Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

rromGA 10, sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after of ExciseonUtlC* the Tenth Day of Oflnber One thousand eicjht hundred and eight, Coflec <0 ceaft> all and singular the Duties of Excise 01^ Coffee imported into Great except Arrears. Britain shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable, favc and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which 11*5*11 at any Time remain unpaid* Mew Duties.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the following Rales and Duties; that is to say.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America % an Excise Duty of Three-pence

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of, England trading to the East Indies, or in Ships licensed by the said

Company to trade within the Limits of their Charter, an Excise Duty / of Sixpence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of aH other Coffee an Excise Duty of Two Shillings.

To les.shall be HI, And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Du* jmableon Cofca t jes by this ^ft imposed shall be chargeable and charged and payable oaTio 1308 and paid, for and i % respect of all Coffee which shall be imported into

A.D. 1808. 48 GEO. III. C. 120. 41£

Great Britain on or after the said Tenth Day of October*One thousand eight hundred and eight5 or which having been previously so imported shall, on of after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight# be taken or delivered for Home Consumption out of any Warehouse in which the same shall be or shall have been [' /

lodged or deposited under the Locks of the Officers of Cu(loins or Excise, or either of them.

*< Duties shall be under Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

V.*And whereas it is expedient to allow, Coffee to be imported ' into and exported from Great Britain in Packages of One hundred Pounds be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing Coffee may bn of this Act, it shall be lawful to import into and export from Great imported in Britain any Coffee in Packages, containing not less than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois; any Thing in this or any other Act or 100toi*

Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties shall be levied as former Duties. §6. Duties shall be paid «4 into the Exchequer. §7."

VIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, notwithstand-

ing the Rules, Regulations, restrictions, and Provisions relating to

Coffee and Cocoa contained, provided, settled, and established in

and by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods (mported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse without Payment'

of Duty, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported may not be carried to and put into Warehouses under the Rules and Regulations of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An ABfor repealing certain Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pajle imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made and Cocoa Pajle; and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Geffect Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Rubert Dalzell late Bari of Carnwath: Now, to obviate and re*

move all such Doubts/ be it declared and enacted, That under and Coffee and Cocos by virtue of the said Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign Nut* may be of His present Majesty, all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively im- 'wwhousedunder ported intd Great Britain ought to be and the same respectively shall be warehoused under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, and 10 q. 1. cTh*? shall be subject and liable to all and singular the Rules, Regulations,

restrictions, and Provisions contained, provided, settled, or establish- ed in or by the said last mentioned Act so far as the same can or may be applied to Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively imported, and to far as the same are not expressly altered by the Provillons contained in this Act, any Thing in the said Act made in the Tenth Year 01 His said late Majesty King George the First, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Cocoa Cocot Nuts or Nuts or Coffee, warehoused under the Directions of this Act, shall Ctofifee may be and may be exported from any such Warehouse without Payment of

any Duty of Customs on the Exportation thereof, except such Duty

as may be due and payable thereon by virtue and under the Authority except under

(£ea of 4sG. 3. c.a*t

4*9 C. 120) 12t« .48 GEO. III. A*0* 1808.

/ / of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods f Wares, and Merchan-v aixe therein enumerated\ in furtherance of the Provisions of certain 0r-

ders in Council.

Coffee end Cocoa X. And be it further enacted, That all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts re-Nuts intended spectively which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Ware*

for Exportation house for Exportation shall forthwith, and without any unnecessary

dipped Delay, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, be car-proper to an<* Put on ^oar<^ or Vessel in which the same are

^yT' intended to be exported 5 and in case the same, or any Part thereof, shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, after being delivered from or out of the Warehouse, and before the same shall be exported, or shall not be actually put on board such Ship or Vessel, or if the Whole or any Part thereof shall, after being so shipped, be unshipped or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or into any Boat f Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted) or shall be relanded in Great Britain, all such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, the'shipping of which shall be so omitted or neglected, or which shall be " altered in Quantity or Quality, or shall be unshipped or re-landed, shall, together with the Packages containing the lame, be forfeited* and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise*

CAP. CXXL

An Act for reducing the Duty of Customs on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

[36th June 1808.]

43 G. 0. c. 69. < WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties < in lieu thereof, t and by o\hcr Acts passed subsequent thereto, certain

' «-Duties of Customs were imposed on Coffee imported into Great BrU

I*ta'tiiy and Tccured on the Importation* thereof in Warehouses under

+the Conditions required by Law, and which Duties were payable at the Time any such Coffee should be taken out of such Warehouses for the Purpose of being consumed in Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties of Customs so payable should be repealed, and that other Duties of Customs should be granted in lieu

thereof be it therefore enacted by the Ring's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

Ptora 03. 10, by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day isos, Uutks of of OSoLer One thousand eight hundred and eight, the several Duties Culloms on of Customs on Coffee imported into Great Britain which became pay* Cofira imported a], ]e by virtue of the said first recited Act at the Time any such Coffee Warthouf^or0 Should be taken out of the Warehouse. in which the same had been de-Home Confutiip- posited oft Importation for the Purpose of being consumed in Great two shall cease. Britain, and also all the additional Imposts or Duties upon the Product

and Amount of the said Duties of Customs on Coffee so payable as aforesaid, shall cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may on the said Tenth Day of 0 Sober remain unpaid, or to 7, '

X

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. Ciai, 12a, 421

any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Tenth Day of QBober $ and that from and after the said Tenth Day of 0 Bober, indead and New Duty in lieu of the Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, 8<*. P* there shall be raised, ' levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, upon all Coffee imported into Great Britain, or which on or before the said Tenth Day of Q&ober shall have been secured, and which shall remain in any Warehouse under the Regulations required by Law, the several Duties of Cudoms fqllowing; that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of Coffee the Sum of Three-pence,

The per Centage Duties under 43 G. 3. r. 70: G. 3. c. 53 j and 46 G. 3. c, 42. shall be paid on the Duty imposed by this Act. §2.

Duties shall not be payable on Coffee warehoused until taken out of " Warehouse. §3. Duties shall be levied and applied as former Duties. §4."

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Afi&irs of Barracks; and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign 4 W of His present Majesty, intituled An ABfor vesting in the Barrack Master General for the Time being, Estates held or occupied for the Barrack Service, and authorising him to sell the same with the Confetti of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury: And whereas the Affairs of the Barrack Department are now under ' the Management of Commissioners appointed for that Purpose by

His Majesty; and it is therefore necessary that all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which were by the said Act veded in the Barrack Mader General, and all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in any Manner used and

occupied for the Service of the Barrack Department, should be veded in the Commissioners aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners should be enabled to maintain and defend Actions and Suits in relation to all Contrafts made for the Service of the Barrack Depart men t, or in any Manner relating the reto Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ' and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the passing of this Act all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which were by the said Act vested in the Barrack Mader General for the Time being; 'and also all Messuages, Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments which have since been purchased or taken by any Person or Persons whatever in trad for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, either in Fee or for any Lives, or any Term of Years or any lesser Intered; and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which (had be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Easements, and Ap-

E e 3 purtenances

45G.9. «.o».

All PremHer -

(except Copyholds) veiled in Barrack Mailer General under recited Act, and all preraifra since purchased or which may be purchased fbc the Barrack

42*

C. 122.

48° GEO. QL

A.D. 1808.

Defartxnentdhall be vested hi the Commissioneri for A&in of Barracks, in trust for His Majesty for publick Purposes.

On the lame Terms as such PremiCbs are now held.

' Commissioneri, with Consent of Treasurj, may fell Prcaifes.

Purchase Money shall be paid into the Bank, under Pire&ton of the Jreasury.

purtenances to the same respectively belonging (other than and except such MeflTufiges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure); and from and after the Purchase and Conveyance, Grant or I/emife thereof, all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments 'which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be purchased by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks For the Time being, or by any other Person or Persons by their Order for the Service of the Barrack Department; and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall hereafter be eroded and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall be and become and remain and continue vested in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality, and Effate and Interest of and in fthe lame'Hereditaments and Premises respectively; and that upon the Death, Resignation, or Removed of the present Commissioners, or any or either of them, or of any future Commissioner or Commissioners, all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively (other than and except as aforesaid) shall become vested in and be held by the succeeding Commissioners, and so in perpetual Succession according to the Nature and Quality, and Effate and Interest of and in the lame respectively, in trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, or for such other publick Service or Services as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from Time to Time be pleased to direct.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to vest the said Premises upon other Terms with respect to former Proprietors, than those on which the same are now vested in the Person holding the same in trust for His Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, (such Consent and Approbation to be ccr-tiffed by one of the Secretaries to the said Lords Commissioners by Writing under his Hand) to sell and dispose of any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being, with their respective Appurtenances, either by publick Auction or private Contract, and m flue Form of Law to convey, assign, and make over the same to any Person or Persons who shall be*willing to purchase, the same respectively, making the First Offer to the ^Person, his Heirs or Assigns, having adjoining Lands, of whom the same were first purchased or taken in trust for His Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be produced by the Sale of any of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be sold under the Provisions of this present Act, shall be paid by the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof into the Bank of England, and shall be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, or to such other Account in the Bank of England, as the Lords Commissioners of* His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, and the Receipt

A.D. 1803. 48° GEO. III. C. 122, 123. 423

of any one of the Cashiers of the Bank of England for such Monies shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers by whom or onwhofe Accotmt the same shall be so paid into the Bank of England.

[Commissioners

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, and they may hriqgan4 are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, prosecute, maintain, defend Action*, or'defend any Action or Suit in respect of or in relation to any Messuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by this Act vested in them as aforesaid, or of any Trespass committed thereon, or Damage or Injury done thereto 5 and also in respect of or in relation to any Furniture, Stores, or other Articles, Matters, or Things, or any Goods or Chattels whatever belonging to the Barrack Department or in the Custody or Charge of, or uled by any Officer of the Barrack Department, or Person employed therein 5 and also for the Breach or Non-performa nce of any or in respect of or in relation to

any Contract or Agreement made by any Person or Persons whatever for the Service of the Barrack Department, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Affairs under the Management or Controul of the said Commissioners; and in every such Action or Suit, the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be called the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without naming' them or either of them; and no such Suit shall abate by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Commissioners; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Commissioners, &c. may administer Oaths.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Accounts or other Matters or Things relating to any Business or other Subjects or Transactions under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks shall be refused to be verified by any Oath of Affidavit of any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Affairs of Barracks, or any one of them, or any Inspector General of Barracks, Or Assistant Inspector General of Barracks, or for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate to administer an Oath and take an Affidavit in that Behalf.

[Money fending 

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall at any Time hereafter Hand or remain at the Time of the Death or Re- in Name of F irrt signation or quitting of Office of any First Commissioner of the Affairs Commissioner Of Barracks in the Bank of England in the Name of such First hwnTime, Commissioner, shall forthwith vest in the other Commissioness, or Commissioner, if no more than one, for the Affairs of Barracks for Commissioner*. the Time being; and From and after the Appointment of another First Commissioner all such Money shall forthwith yeft in such First Commissioner, and so from Time to Time in Succession.
---
CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain Cases.

[30th June 1808.]

'WHEREAS it might tend greatly to the Relief of certain Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, and at the same Time occasion no material Prejudice to Trade and publick Credit if such Debtors should, after a limited Period of Imprisonment, be allowed the Benefit of a Discharge therefrom, the Creditors at whose Suit they were so in Execution being at the same Time authorised to

424 C. 123. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

take out other Writs of Execution against the Land and Goods of such Debtors, or to use other Remedy for the Satisfaction of their Debts, as if the Persons of such Debtors had never been taken in Execution;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons having lain in Prison for a Year in Execution on Judgment of any Court, whether of Record or not, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding 20l. (exclusive of Costs), shall be discharged, on Application to the Courts at Westminster in Term Time.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons in Execution upon any Judgment in whatsoever Court the same may have been obtained, and whether such Court be or be not a Court of Record, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, exclusive of the Costs recovered by such Judgment, and who shall have lain in Prison thereupon for the Space of Twelve successive Calendar Months next before the Time of their Application to be discharged as herein-after mentioned, shall and may, upon his, her, or their Application for that Purpose in Term-time made to some One of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at Westminster, to the Satisfaction of such Court, be forth with discharged out of Custody, as to such Execution by the Rule or Order of such Court: Provided always, that in the Case of any such Application being made to be discharged out of Execution upon a Judgment obtained in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at Westminster, such Application shall be made to such One of those Courts only, wherein such Judgment shall have been obtained, and that whether the Person so in Execution shall then be actually detained in the Gaol or Prison of the same Court, or shall then stand committed on Habeas Corpus to the Gaol or Prison of another Court:

[Persons fraudulently obtaining Discharge may be re-taken in Execution, &c.]

Provided always, that if it shall happen that any such Discharge shall have been unduly, or fraudulently obtained upon any false Allegation of Circumstances, which if true might have entitled the Prisoner to be discharged by virtue of this Act, such Prisoner shall, upon the same being made appear to the Satisfaction of the Court by whose Rule or Order the said Prisoner had been so discharged, be liable to be again taken in Execution and remanded to his former Custody by the Rule or Order of the same Court:

[Such Discharge no Escape.]

Provided also, that no Sheriff, Gaoler, or other Person whatsoever shall be liable as for the Escape of any such Prisoner in respect of his Enlargement during such Time as he shall have been at large, by means of such his undue Discharge as aforesaid:

[Estate of the Debtors so discharged shall remain liable.]

Provided always, that for and notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, the Judgment whereupon any such Debtor or Debtors was or were taken or charged in Execution, shall nevertheless continue and remain in full Force to all Intents and Purposes, except as to the taking in Execution the Person or Persons of Such Debtor or Debtors thereupon, as is herein after provided: And that it shall and may be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors, at whose Suit such Debtor or Debtors had been, was, or were so taken or charged in Execution, to take out all such Execution or Executions on every such Judgment against the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels of any such Debtor or Debtors

[Except Necessaries.]

(other than and except the necessary Wearing Apparel and Bedding of and for him, her, or them, and for his, her, or their Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her, or their Trade or Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds in the Whole); or to bring any such Action or Actions on any such Judgment against such Debtor or

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 123 - 125. 425

Debtors respectively, or to bring any such Action or use any such Remedy for the Recovery and Satisfaction of his, her, or their Demand, against any other Person or Persons liable to satisfy the same, in such and the same Manner, but in such and the same Manner only as such Creditor or Creditors otherwise could or might have done in case such Debtor or Debtors had never been taken or charged in Execution upon such Judgment:

[But such Debtors shall not be arrested in any Action on such Judgment, &c.]

Provided always, that no Debtor or Debtors who shall be duly discharged in pursuance of this Act, shall at any Time afterwards be taken or charged in Execution upon any Judgment herein so as before declared to continue and remain in full Force, nor be arrested in any Action to be brought on any such Judgment, and that no Proceeding whatsoever by Scire Facias, Action, or otherwise, shall be maintained or had against the Bail in any Action upon the Judgment, wherein the Defendant or Defendants shall have been charged in Execution, and afterwards discharged by virtue of the Provisions of this Act.

[Act not extended to Ireland or Scotland.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which are commonly called Ireland and Scotland.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[30th June 1808.]
---
"Premiums shall be, allowed to Sixteen Ships under Regulations of Acts 35 G. 3. c. 92. and 38 G. 3. r. 57. — $ J. 300l. Premiums for Eight Ships clearing out between 1 January and 31 December 1809,

and Two succeeding Years. §2. {As under $2. of 45 G. 3. c. 96.) u 4C0/. Premiums for Four other Ships. §3. (As under §3*«/45 G. 3*

c. 96.) Premiums for Ten other Ships, vix* CooL to the First, and 4* 500l. to the other Nine. {4. (As under $ 4. of 45 G. 3. r. 96.)

Apprentices 'protected. §5. (As % 5. of 45 G. 3. c. 96.) Benefits of Acts 35. & 38 G. 3. extended to Ships returning from the Fishery to Ports in Ireland. $ 6. (As §6. of 45 G. 3. c. 96.}"

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, and Flour from any Foreign Colonies' on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, and to allow certain

Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the British Islands in the West Indies.

[30th June 1808.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulat- §1 J — 13.'

ing the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign islands in the West Indies,

4 it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful in certain Cases for any

4*£

Governors, &e- of Norar Scotia, &c. roay authorize Importation of Articles under vented Act, for Re-exportation so other Colonies.

45 G. 3. c. 57.

Rice, Grain, and Floor may be imported into any of the Free Forts of the West Indies, &c. under recked Act, and 47 G.3.&.3. c. 34.

C. I2J, I % 6.- 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

any of the Governors of Provinces in British North America,

therein enumerated, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorize the Importation of certain Artides for a limited Time, from any of the Territories belonging to the -United States of America, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Provinces respectively: And whereas it is expedient that the Importation of such Articles should be allowed for the Purpose of supplying other of His Majesty's Colonies than are therein mentioned Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors or Commanders m Chief for the Time being, of the Provinces of Nova Scotta or New Brunswich, or of the Islands of Cape Breton or Saint John's, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorize the Importation of the Articles enumerated in the said recited Act for a limited Time, from any of the Territories, of the United States of America, for the Purpose of the same being re-exported to any other of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations.

II. And whereas it is provided by an Act passed in the Fortyfifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 1 confdidate and extend the federal Laws now in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize,

into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, that certain Articles therein enumerated may be imported into the Lveral Ports therein named, from Foreign Colonies in the West Indies, and it is expedient

that the Permission for such Importation should be extended, ' be it enacted, That in addition to the Articles enumerated in the said Act, it shall be lawful to import, under the like Authority, Re-flriftion8, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures provided in the said recited Act, the Articles of Rice, Grain of all Sorts, and Flour, from any Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Free Ports In Colonies or Plantations belonging to His Majesty in the West Indies, which are particularly named in the said Act, or in another Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His Majesty, respecting the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Curacao, in any Foreign Ship, Schooner, or other Foreign Vessel whatever, not having more than One Deck, and being manned and navigated by Perfotis inhabiting any of the said Colonies or Plantations belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to permit Goods secured in Warehouses in the Port of London to be removed to the Out-Ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe \ for empowering His Majesty to direct that Licences which His Majesty i$ authorised to grant under His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State; and for enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Vessels of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law} during the present Hostilities, and

4*7

A.D. 1808. 48f GEO. III. C. 126.

until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Goods, Wares, ' and Merchandize which may have been secured in Warehouse within the Port of London should be permitted to be removed to other Ports in Great Britain for the Purpose of Exportation be It therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Person. or Persons who shall be delirous of Teiqoving any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which have been or may be secured in Warehouses within the Port of London, under the Regulations required by Law, without Payment of the Duty due thereon, to remove any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize for the Purpose of being exported to some Part of Europe, from any Port within Great Britain which His Majesty, by His Order in Council, ftyall from Time to Time think proper to appoint for that Puraofe: Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so removed shall be subject to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities as are now by Law required for certain East India prohibited Goods when removed from One Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa, except with respect ttf the Size of the Packages which it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to fix the Size or Weight of from Time to Time as it may appear to His Majesty in Council to be expedient.

II. And whereas by divers Acts of Parliament and otherwise,

His Majesty is authorised to grant Licences for various Purposes, many of which Licences have uiually been, and such Licences as may

be granted under the Authority of the said Acts are thereby required to be, under His Majesty's Sign Manual; and it is expedient

that His Majesty should be enabled to direct that all such Licences, as by virtue of the said Acts or otherwise His Majesty may*grant under His Sign Manual shall he granted by One of His Principal Secretaries of State, under the Authority of an Order of Council for

that Purpose be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council, or by His Royal Proclamation, to direct that all or any such Licences as by virtue of any Act of Parliament or otherwise His Majesty may lawfully grant under His Sign Manual shall and maybe granted by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in punuance of an Order of Council specially authorising the Grant of such Licence, a Duplicate of which Order shall in all Cases be annexed to such Licence.

III.*And whereas in particular Cases it may be useful to permit Goods, the Exportation of which is. now retrained to Ships or Vessels of certain Sizes, to be exported in small Vessels be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty in Council to make such Orders from Time to Time for allowing such Articles as shall appear to His Majesty in Council to be necessary to be ex-

Jorted in Ships or Vessels of a smaller Burthen than are now allowed y Law.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in Force during the present Hostilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

Goods securoiin Warehouses in the Port of London may be removed, under Order of Council, to any other Pott in Great Britain, for Exportatian in Europe.

licences requiring the Sign Manual of His Majesty, may be granted hy One of the Secret ario* of State pursuant to any Order in Council.

Goods.maybe exported in final Vessels by Order iu'CounqiL

Continuance of

Ad.

C. 127, 128.

A.D. 1808.

42S

frgiftm of Marriages so*ibleinnized in

Chapels'shall be removed to

Parish Churches, &c. and thence transmitted to the Bishop.

43 G. a. C. 5*.

42). so far at it requires Annual Accounts of 1! cements ^to t>c settled by the Secretary at War, ami Certificates to }be truilhiitted to Payituher, repealed.

48° GEO. III.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not uftially been Y^blished before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of Clatictejline Marriages.

[30th June 1808.]

u Recital of Acts, 26 G. 2. c. 33; 21 G. 3. c. 53; ' G. 3. r. 77; " Marriages solemnized before dugttj! 23, 1808, in any Church or Chapel in England, Wales, or Berwick* duly consecrated, declared valid, §1. — Ministers who shall have solemnized such Marriages in- demnified against Penalties under 26 G. 2. c. 33. — §2. Registers of such Marriages shall be received in Evidence. §3. £ See G. 3. " IX- §2, 3."]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority iaforesaid, That the Registers of all Marriages solemnized in any publick Chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall, within'Thirty Days next after the said Twenty-third Day aiAuguf* One thousand eight hundred and eight, be removed to the Parish Church of the Parish in which such Chapel shall be Gtuated; and in case such Chapel shall be situated in an extra-parochial Place, then to the Parish Church next adjoining tp such Extra-parochial Place, to be kept with the Marriage Registers of such Parish, and in like Manner as Parish Registers are directed to be kept by the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second 5 and within Twelve Months after the Removal of such Registers to such Parish Churches respectively, Two Copies thereof respectively shall be transmitted by the respective Churchwardens of such Parishes to the Bishop of the Diocese, or his Chancellor, subscribed by the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens of such Parishes respectively, to the end that the same may be faithfully preferred in the Registry of the said Bishop*

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Paymaster General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and settled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the 4x W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act made in the Twenty-third tear of His present Majesty*for the better Regulation of the Office of Paynwjler General of His Majesty's Foroes, and the more regular Payment of the Army, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office; and certain Provisions are contained in the said Act, as to Periods within which certain Accounts

of Agents of Regiments in His Majesty's Forces transmitted to the

Secretary at War, are to be examined and settled: And whereas it has been found that the said Provisions cannot be strictly complied

C iaSw

i8q$«

4* GEO. III.

with: And whereas the Commissioners appointed to enquire and examine into the publick Expenditure, and the Conduct of publick Business in certain Military Departments, are proceeding in an Inquiry in relation to the War Office, and the Accounts thereof,

and as to Regimental Accounts, and Expenditures; and it is then fore expedient that the said Provisions of the said recited Act should be repealed, and that His Majesty Should be empowered to order and direct all such Accounts to be kept and made up, and transmitted and examined and settled by such Person or Persons in such Manner, at such Times, and at such Periods as shall be deemed expedient, so that any of the Regulations which may be suggested by such Commissioners, or which it may be otherwise thought proper to adopt, may be carried into Execution, with the least possible 1 Delay, for the Publick Service be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adv>: $ and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thispre-sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, as requires the Annual Accounts of every Regiment, Troop, and Company to be examined and settled J>y the Secretary at War, or by such other Person or Persons, as shall be cluly authorised by His Majesty for that Purpose, within Three Months after the Receipt thereof; and further requires Certificates of the several Charges allowed in the said Accounts to be transmitted to the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, with Warrants signed by the King, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to make and issue such Orders, and declare and establish such Rules and Regulations for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Settlement of the Accounts of Regimental Expenditures, or of such other Expenditures for Army Services, as usually have been or shall be hereafter examined in the Office of the Secretary at War, as shall appear to be most expedient, and to facilitate the final Examination and Settlement of such Accounts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to exonerate any Agent or other publick Accountant from the Payment of any Balance that may be declared to be due from him, upon the Examination and Settlement of his Accounts, under any Orders or Rules and Regulations which may be made, issued, declared, and established by His Majesty as aforesaid; but that the Balance so declared and not paid within One Month after the same shall have been demanded, shall be deemed and considered to be a Debt to His Majesty upon Record, and be recoverable as such by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and other Charges attending the same by the like Process, as by the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom wherein such Agent or Accountant shall reside, any Debt to His Majesty arising within the same may be recovered.

4*9

His Majest? may make Regulation* for Settlement of Army Expenditures.

Balances due from Agents, &c. not p-idL within One Month after Demand, shall become Debts of Record u> His Majesty.

Cn>

A.D. 18c&

Rfiar. c.*.

§ I, 5. taking mmj Benefit of Clergy in Cases of Tnest privily fem Aie Ferfan, sepeakd.

Penalty on felonioua.TTieft. from the Person, rot being, Robbery, TransportatioB, Ac.

48° GEO. III.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth) intituled An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Fe- lony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of another; and for more effectually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Person.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Persons who should after the passing of that Act happen to be indicted pr appealed for felonious taking of any Money, Goods, or Chattels from the Person of any other, privily without his Knowledge in any Place whatsoever, and thereupon found guilty by Verdict of Twelve Men, or shall*cdnfefs the same upon his or their Arraignment, or will not answer directly to the same according to the Laws of this Realm, or shall 4 (land wilfully or of Malice or obstinately mute, or challenge peremptorily above the Number of Twenty, or shall be upon such Indictment or Appeal outlawed, shall from henceforth be admitted to have the Benefit of his or their Clergy, vbut utterly be excluded thereof, and shall suffer Death in such Manner and Form*as they should if they were no Clerks: And whereas the said Act has not been found eireftual for the Prevention of the Crimes therein mentioned, and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said 4Aft as is herein-before recited 'should be repealed: And whereas it might tend more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person, if every such Offence, not being Robbery, was rendered punishable more severely- than Ample Larceny be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall at any Time or in any Place whatever, feloniously (leal, take, and carry away any Money, Goods, or Chattels from the Person of any other, whether privily without his^ Knowledge or not, but without such Force or putting in Fear as is sufficient to constitute the Crime of Robbery, or who shall be present, aiding, and abetting the rein, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term not less than Seven Years 4s. the Judge or Court before whom any such Person shall be con-visted, shall adjudge, or shall be liable in case the said Judge or Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction^ or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Three Tears.

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 130; 43.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredation* committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriter*, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under*Statute made'

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Antic.'[30th ^une lSo8.2

XT J WHEREAS it is expedient that a Stop should be put to the

4 W fraudulent Practice3* of Boatmen, Pilots, Hoveliers, and others, resident within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Port9, who have for many Years pad, upon sundry Occasions, committed var rious Depredations on Ship9 in Distress or otherwise, and taken to themselves and converted to their own Use Anchors, Cables, and other Property which may have, been loll by Accident, and made the Matters and Owners of such Ships pay exorbitant Demand*

for Assistance, to the great Injury of the Merchants and others concerned in Shipping, and also to the Detriment of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, whose Rights have been unjottly invacted:

4 And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Third Yeare. i.«. in*

of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, Power is given G. a.

to certain Commissioners, to be appointed by the Lord Warden of 104*

the Cinque Ports for the Time being, to determine, within the Space of Twelve Hours, all Differences relating to Salvage between the Master of any Vessel and the Person or Persons who shall bring any Anchor or Cable aAiore from which any Ship or Vessel shall have been previously forced by Stress of Weather: And whereas by fe- 100.1. c. 17.

veral other Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of His said Majesty's 8 0 a. c. si.

4 Reign, and in the Eighth and Twenty-third Years of His late Ma- 20 2-c*

jesty's Reign, the said Act is further continued; and by other Acts of His present Majesty the same was continued up to the Twentysixth Day of March Oac thousand eight hundred and Ax, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by an Act passed on the Eighth Day of Augujb One thousand eight 47G. a. ft.*.

hundred and seven, the said several recited Acts were revived and he*.

continued for Seven Years longer: And whereas it is found expedient that the Commissioners of Salvage appointed by the Lord Warden should have further Powers granted them, for the Purpose of deciding ki all other Cases of Services rendered to Shipping

not provided for by the said former Acts: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Wankn df'

and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and the Crnque Ports

eight, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Cinque empowered to

Ports for the Time being, to nominate and appoint, by any Instrument or Instruments under His Hand and Seal, Three or more substantial Persons in each of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns- Disputeswtt

and their Members, to adjust and detehnine any Difference relative. Salvage.

to Salvage (which may anse) between the Master of any Vessel and.

the Person or Persons bringing such Cables and Anchors alhore;

£4

A.D. 1808.

43*. c. 136:. 48° Geo. nr.

Coimmffirmm

ftalt appoint Secretary or

Saul Coramif-/fionerffOMiJl iVttle all Demands for Pilotage, Salvage, &c. in Dowi^s, &c.

Fee* to Com-

ufl&oner* at allowed by Lord iVaidao.

and in case any Ship or Vessel shall be either forced or cut From her -Cables and Anchors by Extremity of Weather, or by any other Ac* dident whatever, dnd leave the same in any Roadstead or other Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members* and the Salvage cannot be adjusted between the Per* fonc concerned, then the same shall be determined by any Three or mure of the said Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after nich Difference shall be referred to them for their Determination thereof; any Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, tl^at such Commissioners shall immediately after their Nomination proceed to elect some fit and proper Person who shall be a Notary or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, as their Secretary or Register, except to the Port of Dover, where the Register for the Tyne being of the Cpurt of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports shall be the Register, and which Secretary or Register (half enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, all the Proceedings of such Commissioners, and also a Copy of the Awards which they shall from Time to Time make; but such Election of Secretaries or Registers shall be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Warden for the Time being.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (h&H be lawful fox the said Commissioners, to be appointed as aforesaid, to decide on all Claims and Demands whatever, which shall or ipay, after the First Day of /fugttjl next, bfe made by Pilots, Boatmen, and other Persons for Services of any Sort or Description jea* dered to any Ship or Vessel, as well for carrying off from the Shore to such Ship or Vessel any Anchors, Cables, or other Stores from any Part or Port of the Coast of Kent, Sujfsex, FJsex, or the Hie of Thanet, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, as for the conducting and conveying such Ships and Vessels from the Downs, and other Bap and Rqadsteads on the Coast of Kent, Sujfx, and Essex, and the I (land of Thanet, or from the Sea, or any other Place to Ramsgate, D.vcr, or any other Harbour, Port, or Place on the said Coasts, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, or for the faring and preferring within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, any Goods or Merchandize wreeked, strauded, or call away from any Ship or Vessel, the Matter or Owners thereof or their Agents being present at the Place where the Commissioners shall be fitting, and that the said Commissionerp shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine on all Cases whatever of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen, and others, to Shipping within the Juridiction aforesaid, whether such Ships or Vessels shall be in Distress or not 5 and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners whenever they fee Occasion, to examine the Parties or their Witnesses upon their Oaths, which Oaths shall and may be administered by the said Secretary or Register.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners so to be appointed, and their Secretary or Register as aforesaid, who shall decide on any such Claims or Demands as aforesaid, to demand and receive of and from the Owners of such Ships or Vessels, or the Proprietors of any such Goods or Merchandizes against whom any Pilot, Boatman, or other Person shall make any Claim or Demand for Services of any Sort rendered to such Ships or Vessels, or for the foie saving and preserv. ing any Goods or Merchandizes wreeked, stranded, or cast away

within

435

48° GEO. III. C. 130.

within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, and such Owners and Proprietors are hereby required to pay to them such Fee or Reward for deciding on every such Claim and Demand as shall be adjudged to them in that Behalf by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being.

IV. Provided always, That no Person to be appointed a Com-xnifiioner by virtue of this Act shall have Power or Authority to act in any other Port or Place than that in which he is resident; and that before such Commissioners shall in any Case proceed to ad, they shall severally take the following Oath before a Magistrate or a Commissioner of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or a Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery; [videlicet),

4 t A.B. do frrear, That I have not, neither will I, in any Way

*directly or indirectly, take or receive any Fee, Emolument, or

Reward from any of the Parties whose Interests are referred to my Decision save and except such Fee or Reward as shall be allowed by the Lord Warden to be paid to me by the Ship-owners or Proprietors of the Cargo or their Agents); and that I will not accept or receive any Fee whatever from the persons claiming Reward or Salvage; but that I will decide according to] the bed of my Judgment on the Evidence to be brought before me, without Favour or Affection to either Party.

So help me GOD.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage or Compensation for Services rendered as aforesaid, or the Party or Parties who are to pay the same, or their Agents, shall be dissatisfied with such Award and Decision of the Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for either of them respectively, within Twenty-four Hours after such Award is made, but not afterwards, to declare to the Commissioners his or their Desire of obtaining the Judgment of some competent Court of Admiralty respecting the said Salvage or Compensation as aforesaid; and thereupon the Person or Persons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage, shall forthwith be required by the Commissioners to declare whether he or they will proceed in the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or the High Court of Admiralty of England, and he or they fha91 so proceed within Twenty Days from the Date of such Award, by taking out a Monition against the adverse Party; but in such Case the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to permit the said Ship and her Cargo, notwithstanding such Declaration and Proceeding, to depart on het Voyage, or to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors, or their Agents, any Goods or Merchandizes, respecting which any Claim for Salvage shall be made upon the Owners or Proprietors of the same or their Agents, giving good and sufficient Bail in Double the Amount of the Sum awarded, and which Bail the said Commissioners or any of them are and is hereby authorised to tak; e and certify according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and to transmit the same without Delay to the Court of Admiralty, in which the Intention of Proceeding shall be so declared, together with a true Certificate in Writing of the gross Value of the whole Ship and Cargo, or other Goods and Merchandizes, respecting which Salvage shall be claimed; and also an official Copy of such Proceedings

48 Geo. III. Ff and

Comhuffioner shall act only where he is. resident.

Oeth of the CommUfionos.

Appeal to die High Court of Admiralty or Admiralty of the Cinque Ports giving Bail in Double the Amount of the Sum awarded.

Form.*

QBk.ScWufe.)*

434

A ID. 1808.

Penalty on cutting away or defacing 15 y-ropcs,

Felony, 14 Yean Tiaiif^crutioa.

Anchors, &c. for. mi in the frowns ll'all he dejKifiicd nidi1 the I^ord Warden's Officers within S.'veu Days;

r Persona receiving same DiaH be puntihed as Receivers of Rolen Goods.

All wrecked

Merchandize and Ship* Stores lfcul! be dcjKjfited in ]iia Manner.

penalty on Salvors felling recks of defacing Marks, Felony.

C. 130* 48° GEO. III.

and Awards certified by the said Secretary or Register, and the Came shall be admitted by such Court bf Admiralty as Evidence in the Cause.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said First Day of ytugufi One thousand eight hundred and eight, wilfully cut away, call adrift, remove, alter, deface, link or destroy, or shall do or commit any Act, with Intent and Design to cut away, cast adrift, remove, alter, deface, fink, or deftxoy, or in any other Way injure or conceal any Buoy, Buoy-rope, or Mark, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or which may be attached to any Anchor or Cable belonging to any Ship or Vessel whatever, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, with Intent thereby to defraud or injure any Person or Persons whatsoever, or Body Corporate, such Person or Persons so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any Term.of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Anchors, Cables, Buoys, Ropes, or other Ship* Stores, or Materials of any Sort or Description whatever, which may have been parted with, cut from or left by any Ship or Vessel in* the Do was cr elsewhere, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, whether the same shall be in Difircfs or otherwise, and which shall liavg been weighed, swept for, or taken Poss (lion of by any Pilots, Boatmen, Hoveliers, or other Persons, shall be by them delivered either at RamJgally Deal, or Dover {Three publick Places of Deposit declared by this Act for the Reception of all such Articles, or such other Places as shall be declared b.v the Lord Warden; id the same State in which they are found, to the Deputy or Deputies of the Lord Vvrarden, or such other Person as he shall authori/i to receive the same; but if any such Articles so found, weighed, fwiptfor, or taken Possession of, shall net be so delivered within Sevn Days from the finding thereof, a<.d shall afterwards be discovered in the Possession, Custody, or Power of such Pilots, Boatmen, Hoveliers, or other Person or Persons, he, flic, or they shall oa Conviction be adjudged and deemed guilty of n?iei\ing Goods k.unviig the: n to have been /lolen, and shall fuller the like P uni fitment as if the same had been floleh on Shore.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Merchandize or Marine Stores of every Description, whether belonging to His Majesty, or to any British Subjects or Foreigners, which may be preferred fiom any Ship or Vessel wrecked either oa Shore or on the or on any other Sand or Shoal, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall be landed and delivered at One of the Three Places of Deposit belonging to the Lord Warden* Deputies at Ramfjate, or Deal, or Doi ery or such other Place as shall be declared and appointed by the said Lord Warden for that Purpose, which-ever shall be most convenient or contiguous to the Place where the Loss occurs, within the Space of Seven Days after the same shall have been preserved and taken Possession of; and that if any Person or Persons who shall have preserved or taken Possession of any such Merchandize or Marine Stores, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall fell, dispose of, or otherwise make away with the same, or shall in any Manner conceal, deface, take out, or obliterate the Marks or Numbers thereon* or alter the same in any Manner with latent there-

435

48° GEO. III. C. 130.

by, directly or indirectly, to prevent the Discovery and Identity of such Articles by the Owner or Owners thereof, such Person or Persons shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That of

nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the

preventing or reilraining the Serjeants, Deputies, or any other Officer Store*, &c.*'

of the Lord Warden, from seizing all such Anchors, tables, Buoys,

+Buoy Ropes, or other Ship's Stores or Materials as aforesaid, and likewise all such Merchandize and Marine Stores as aforesaid, which he or they shall find concealed or attempted to be concealed within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, or which he or they shall find in the Possession of any Person or Persons who shall be conveying or in the Act of preparing to convey the same out of the said Jurisdiction, or from any Place where the same shall have been landed within the said Jurisdiction, to any other Place within the same, other than to One of the said publick Places of Deposit aforesaid; but it shall be lawful in all such Cases for all and singular the Officers aforesaid to seize the same, as well on Shore as at Sea, within the said Jurisdiction, at any Time before as well as after the Expiration of the Seven Days aforesaid, and to take and carry the same to One of the said publick Places of Deposit; any Thing in this or in any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Unlawful

any Person or Persons, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall knowingly, and with Intent to defraud and injure the true Owner or M

Owners thereof, purchase or receive any Anchors, Cables, Ropes, Receivers of or other Ship's Stores, or Materials of any Description whatever, stolen Goods on or any Merchandize or Lading which may have been taken up, weigh- Shore, cd, swept for, or taken Possession of, whether the same shall have belonged to any Ship or Vessel in Distress or otherwise, or whether the same shall have been preserved from any Wreck, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of receiving stolen Goods, knowing the same to be

Rolen, as if the same had been stolen on Shore, and suffer the like Punishment as for a Misdemeanor at the Common Law, and be also liable to be transported for Seven Years, in the Discretion of the Court before which he, she, or they shall be tried.

XI. And whereas it frequently happens that Anchors, Cables, and other Marine Stores or Merchandize, which have been weighed, swept for, or taken possession of, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid,

are for fraudulent Purposes carried away to Rochester, London,

Portsmouthf and other Places, not within the Jurisdiction aforesaid,

and the Officers of the Lord Warden cannot, by reason of such Removal, recover the famebe it evaded by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for % bwi Warden's the Serjeants, Deputies, or hny other Officer of the Lord Warden, ' whenever the Case shall happen, to seize such Anchor, Cable, or &ce"hough0"* other Marine Stores or Merchandize, out of the Jurisdiction afore- out or their said, and there to take and carry away the same, to some One of the Jurisididhon. aforesaid publick Places of Deposit.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Penalty on Pilots, if any Pilot, Boatman, or other Person or Persons, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall at any Time after the First Day of dugufl next, counsel, instrust, ' direct, advise, or procure any Matter or other Sbteor, F f a % Person

A.D. 1808.

43^ C. 130. 48° GEO. III.

Buoy Ropes, Person on board of any Ship or Vessel, within the Jurisdiction Felony. aforesaid, whether such Ship be at the Time in Distress or otherwise,

to cut such Ship's or Vessel's Cable or Buoy-rope, or to do any other Act whatever which shall or may tend to the Destruftionor Wreck of such Ship or Vessel, with Intent thereby to prejudice any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any Owner or Owners of any Goods loaden on board the same, or any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, that hath or have underwritten or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel or on the Freight thereof, or upon any Goods loaden on board the same, the Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof law-< fully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and

be liable to be transported for any Period of Time not exceeding Fourteen Years.

Dralm in Ship

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Store* shall have all Persons who shall trade or deal in buying and selling Anchors, their Names Cables, Sails, old Junk or Paper Stuff, old Iron, or Marine Stores on thnr Gf any Kind or Description, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall to have their Names with the Words Dealer in Marine Store1 painted

l0l y "'distinctly, in Letters of not less than Six Inches in Length, upon

' the Front of all their Storehouses, Warehouses, and other Depots for

such Goods; and in Default of their so doing, they shall, on Conviction before any Person or Persons duly authorised to act as a Ma-- giflrate or Mag ill rates within the Limits aforesaid, fosfeit and pay any Sum.not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; One Half of which Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall Such Dealers be committed: And further, That it shall not be lawful for ftocb shall not cut up Dealers or Traders to cut up any Cables or Part of the same, or to

any Cordage uncant, untwine, or unlay the same, or Cordage of any Description

without Permit into Junk br Paper Stuff, nor any Woulding, Wounding, or Wonn-

V.WdenS ing on any Cable-matting on the same or on Rigging, on any Pre-IVputies. tence whatsoever, without first obtaining a Permit from the Lord

/ Warden's Deputies, or One of them, which Permit shall not be

'granted unless an Affidavit shall have been first made before some one of the Persons duly authorised to act as Magistrates, within the Li* mits of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and their Members, and shall have been delivered to and left with the Person granting such Permit j in which Affidavit there shall be sworn that the Cable and Cordage so intended to be cut up had been purchased fairly and without Fraud by the Party so intending to cut up the same, and without any Knowledge or Suspicion on his or her Part that the same Jiad been or were diihonefUy come by; and in which Affidavit shall also be specified the particular Quality and Description of such Cable or Cordage, and the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit shall be recited and set forth at Length in the Permit thereupon granted.

XIV.*And for the further and more effectual Prevention of Fraud in this Respect/ be it enacted, That all Dealers in such Marine Dealers shall Stores as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Cinque Ports, Two ^MarineStorts Ancient Towns, and their Members, shall keep a Book or Books huughtbjtheo). written, in which Entries shall be from Time to Time regularly

made of all such Marine Stores as (half be by them from Time to Time bought, containing a true Account and Description of tty?

Times

437

48° GEO. III. C. 130.

Times when the same were so respectively bought by them, and of the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Sellers thereof; and also that before the Party who shall have obtained such Permit for the putting up of any such Cable or Cordage (as herein-before required to be obtained) shall proceed to cut up the same by virtue thereof, there, shall be published, by the Space of One Week at least before the Time of cutting up of the same, One or more Advertisements in some publick Newspaper, printed within the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Essex, and near to the usual Residence or Place of Abode of such Party, notifying that such Party h?d ob-, tained such Permit for the Purpose of cutting up such Quantity of Cable or Cordage, and of such Kind and Quality as therein described, a true Copy of which Permit shall be inserted in such Advertisement, whereupon it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons who may have just Cause to suspect, and shall have verified upon Oath the Fast of such his, her, or their Suspicion before any of the Persons duly authorised to' aft as Magistrates, within the J^imits aforesaid, by Warrant of such Magistrate to him or them for that Purpose thereupon granted, to require of and from any such Dealer who shall have so advertised, and shall be so sworn to be suspected as aforesaid, the Production and Examination of the Book or Books of Entries hereby required by him to be kept, and" to inspect and examine the Cable or Cordage described in such Permit; and in case any such Dealer shall,

when To thereunto required as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to the Person naihed in such Warrant as the Person on whose Oath the same had been obtained, the Book or Books containing the Entries of such Dealer so required to be made therein as aforesaid, or shall neglect to keep any such Book or Books in which Entries containing Accounts of the several Particulars herein-before required to be entered shall be made, or to permit such Inspect ion and Examination as aforesaid, or shall, after obtaining such Permit for the cutting up of any Cable or Cordage, and before the cutting up of the same, neglect to publish such One or more Advertisements relative thereto as is herein-before directed and required to be published, the Dealer or Dealers so offending in all or any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, being his, her, or their First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds; and for every Second and further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds; One Half of which Penalties shall, on Conviction before any of such Magistrates duly authorised to act within the Limits aforesaid be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed 5 and in case any of the Penalties by this Act imposed shall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Conviction, immediately upon such Conviction, the same shall and may be levied, by the Warrant of such Magistrate as aforesaid, by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of every such v Offender or Offenders; and in case there shall be no sufficient Distress, then every such Offender or Offenders shall and may be corp-mitted by such Magistrate as aforesaid to the Common Gaol within the Limits aforesaid, in the Case of any First Offence, for the Space of Six Months; and in the Case of any Second or further Offence, for the Space of Twelve Months, unless the said Penalty and Chargee shall be sooner paid*

Penalty for

Neglect, &lc. First Offence 20l. to 10L future Offences SOL to UQl. leviable by Distress.

48° GEO. III.

' A.D. 1808.

Inhabit acts

competent

Witnesse*.

Lord Warden, his De puties, Jurt^r, &c. shall, have like Power as Juhices of Pear* or CommifSonen.

Manner of issuing Commissions for the Punishment of Offeneer, tinder Provisiona of flat. 29Hen. 8.

C. 15. §5, 6.

C. 130.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, within the Jarif* didion aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such Offence, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, Place or otherwise, for the Benefit or Use, or in Aid or Exoneration of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque PortsTor the Time being, and the Lieutenant of Dover Castle for the Time being, and the Deputy Wardens of the Cinque Ports for the Tims being, and the Judge Official and Commissary of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and the Members thereof for the Time being, and any other Officer who shall be specially appointed by the Lord Warden; and all and every of them shall and may execute, perform, and do, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, all the Acts, Matters, ^nd Things contained in this Act, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Magistrate or Magistrates, or any Commissioner or Commissioners to be appointed by virtue t£ this Act, is and are authorised, to execute, perform, and do the same.

XVII. And whereas, by a certain Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. For

Pirates, it is among other Things enacted, to the Effect following,

that*whenever any Commission for the Punishment of certain Of-

fences therein named, shall be directed or sent to any Place within the Jurisdiction of the Five Ports, that then every such Commission shall be directed unto the Lord Warden of the said Port for the

Time being, or to his Deputy, or unto Three or Four such Persons as the Lord Chancellor for the Time being shall name and appoint: And whereas by the said Act it is further enacted, to the

Effect following, that every Inquisition and Trial to be had by virtue of such Commission, shall be made and had by the Inhabitants of the said Five Ports, or the Members of the same 1* And whereas of a long Time past no such Commission has-been sent to

any Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports be it enacted, for the more certain and speedy Administration of Justice, That as often as His Majesty shall direct a Commission according to the Provisions of the aforesaid Act, to the Admiral or Admirals, or his or their Lieutenant, Deputy and Deputies; it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, on the Application of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, to direct such Commission jointly to the Admiral or Admirals; or his or their Lieutenant, Deputy and Deputies, and also to the Lord Warden oLthe Cinque Ports for the Time being, and to his Deputy: And the Commissioners, who shall fit by virtue of such Commission, so jointly addressed to whatever Shire or Place in the Realm the same shall be limited, shall have full Power and Authority to enquire into, try, and determine, all Offences named in the said Act, or in any other Act relating to Proceedings under such Commission, by the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Inhabitants in the Shire limited in the said Commission, whether the said Offences

48° GEO. III. C. 130. 439

shall hare been committed within the Jurisdictions of the Lord Admiral of England or of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Porta; and all and every Trial, Conviction, Judgment, and Proceeding whatsoever under such Commission, shall be as good and cffr: ftuS to ^11 Intents and Purposes in Law, and shall be followed by the same Consequences to the Offender or Offenders as if the same werqhad by virtue of any separate Commissioti to be issued under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of King Henry the Eighth,

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared by the Saving of Rfchu Authority aforesaid, That this Act or any Thing herein contained of thn A<!mital»y shall not extend or be construed to extend to the talcing away, abridging, prejudicing, or impeaching in any Manner whatever the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England or the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and their Members, but that it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts respectively, and the Judge or Judges thereof for the Time being, to have, use^exercise, and enjoy Jurisdiction over all such Matters, Rights, and Offences, as they have heretofore had, used, exercised, and enjoyed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to^ the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de- Savins; of the

dared, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not ex- l!fs

tend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, hin- nnu^ 0*

dering, prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Franchises, and Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Corporation of the Trinity. House of Deptford Stroud, but that the said Coraoration shall hold and enjoy the lame as fullj and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done in case this Act bad never been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. Ands whereas Doubts have arisen as to the exact Boundaries of the Jurisdiction of the Lord High Admiral and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and it is highly expedient for the Purposes of this Act, that the same should be deafly set forth

now it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Boundaries of" the Boundaries of the Jurisdiction of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, in regard to any Jurisdiction of Matter or Thing contained in this Act shall be and shall be deemed the Lord Wanie* and taken to be as follows; that is to say, from a Point to the West- p"e ward of Seaford in the County of Sussex, called Red Cliff", including the same thence' passing in a Line One Mile without the Sand or Shoal called The Horse of Willtngdon, and continuing the same Distance without the Ridge and new Shoals, and thence in -a Line within Five Miles of Cape Cn % ries on the Coast of France, thence round the Shqal called The Overfalls, Two Miles distant from, the same, thence in a Line without, and the same Distance along the Eastern Side of the Galloper Sand, until the North-end thereof, bears West North-west true Bearing from the \Vest North-West Bearing of the Galloper it runs in a direct Line across the Shoal called The Thwart Middle, till it reaches the Shore underneath the Ma % e Tower, from thence following the Line of the Shore up to Saint Ofyth in the County of Essex, and following the Course of the Shore up the River Coin to the Land- F f 4 ing

A.D. 18c8.

C. 130. 48? GEO. TIL

Regulations of 12 Anne Ik. 2. c. 18. as to4jufting and recovering Quantum of Salvage extended to Cases of Salvage without Interference of Officers of the Customs.

ing Place nearest Brightlingsea, from thence in a direct Line to Shoe Beacon, from thence to the Point of Shelness on the I/Ie of Shippey, and from thence across the Waters to Ferersham, and from thence following the Line of Coast round the North and South Forelands and JBeachy Head, till it reaches the said Red Cliss, including all the Waters, Creeks, and Havens comprehended between them: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con (I rued to extend, to enlarge or abridge the local Limits of the antient Jurisdiction, Rights, and Privileges of the Lord High Admiral of England, or the Lord Warden or Admiral of the Cinque Ports respectively, or their respective Representatives, but that the same shall remain according to antient Usage and that the Description herein-before contained shall only be deemed appli-- cable to the Purposes of this Act, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstandpg.

XXI. ( And whereas it is expedient that the like Means of con-

clufivel^r adjusting and recovering the Quantum of the Monies pr Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship, Vessel, or Goods, mould subsist and be by Law; applicable in Cases where the Salvors shall have acted under and By the mere Employment and Authority of the Commander or

other Superior Officer, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or Vessel

in Distress, as are fow by Law provided for adjusting the Quanturn of such Monies or Gratuities which shall have become due in Cases where Application shall have been first made to Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf named and appointed in and by a certain Statute, made in the Twelfth

Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen jinn, intituled An Act for preferring of all such Ships and Goods thereof which €shall happen to be forced on Shore or Jlranded upon the Coajls of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, and where Assistance shall have been thereupon rendered in pursuance of the Provisions of that Statute; be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Means which in virtue of the Statute last mentioned fubfist, and may now he by Law applied for the condufively adjuring and for the recovering of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship, Vessel, or Groods, in Cases where Application shall have been first made pursuant to that Statute to Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers therein in that Behalf mentioned, and Assistance shall have been thereupon rendered and had in pursuance of the Provisions of that Statute, shall be by Law applicable and available in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, in Cases where the Salvors shall have acted under and by the mere Employment and Authority of the Commander or other Superior Officers, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, although no such Application shall have been made to, nor any Authority or Assistance derived from any Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in the said Statute in that Behalf mentioned; and that upon Payment or Tender and Refusal of the Quantum of Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons who shall have acted or been employed in such Salvage, or in case such Payment or Tender

A.D. 1808# 48° GEO. III. C. 130.

cannot be made, on Security being givfn for the due Payment thereof to the Satisfaction of the Justices who shall have adjusted such Quantum of Gratuities, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, or other Person or Persons having the Possession or Custody of such Ship, Vessel, or Goods, any longer to retain the Possession or Custody of the lame, or any Part thereof, by Reason or Pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compensation or Gratuity for fych Salvage as aforesaid, or for having acted or been employed therein.

XXII. Provided always, That in Cases where the Salvors shall have acted without Application made to and without anj Authority or Assistance derived from- any Officer of the Customs or other Officer in the said Act mentioned, and the Commander or other Superior Officer, Mariners, or Owners of such Ship or Vessel so saved as aforesaid, or the Merchant or other Person whose Goods shall be so saved, or their Agents as aforesaid, shall disagree with such Salvors, touching the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuity deserved by any Persons so employed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commander of such Ship or Vessel so laved, or the Owner of the Goods, or Merchant interested therein, or their Agents, and for such Salvors as aforesaid, to nominate Three of the neighbouring Justices of the Peace to adjust the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to such Salvors; and in case the Parties shall hot agree in such Nomination, that then on the Application of any of the Parties to any One neighbouring Justice <*f the Peace, the Justice so applied to shall nominate Two other neighbouring Justices of the Peace; and such Three neighbouring Justices shall and may thereupon, and they are hereby authorised and required, to adjust the Quantum of the Monies and Gratuities to be paid to all and each of such Salvors who shall ^disagree with such Master, Commanding Officer, Merchant, or Owners, or their Agents as aforesaid, touching the Quanturh of Monies,

or the Gratuity to he paid to him or them respectively, for his or their having been employed and acted in such Salvage as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing herein in this Behalf contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affeffc, impeach, or alter any of the several Provisions herein contained in respect to the Cinque Ports, or the Jurisdiction to be exercised within the lame, or to affect or abridge in any Degree the Power or Authority hereinbefore given to the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid.

" Publick Act §24."

XXV. Provided always, That this Act shall continue in force for Seven Years', gad from thence to the End of the then next Selflion of Parliament, and no longer.

44*

Quantum or Money or Gratuity to Salvors may "be afrrrtalnecl by Justices oiiVace.

Saving of Jurisdictkm of Cinque Porn.

Continuance of AB 7 Yean, &e«

SCHE.

C. 130.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

QN the Day of Before, &c.

in the Year of our Lord - at in the County of

[Masters Names. 3

[Skips Names.]

A.B.

[here insert the Name' of the Salvors'] again! the said Ship whereof

was Master, her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, and the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, on board the same, and also again (I the said Master and the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, for, as the Case may he, against certain Goods and Merchandizes lately laden on board the said Ship, whereof was Master; and also against the said

Master and the Owners (or of the Owners alone appear by themselves or Agents, then leave out the Master's Name) of the said Goods and Merchandizes] in a Cause of Salvage.

Case may he] for the said or for

Goods and Merchandizes, in the Sum of Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto the said A.B. &c. to answer the Salvage and Expences on the said Ship and Cargo [or, as the Case may he] on the said Goods and Merchandizes, as shall hereafter be decreed by the said Court, according to the Tenor of the A A in that Behalf made and provided; and unless they shall so do, they hereby consent that Execution shall issue forth against them, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators. Goods and Chattels, wheresoever the same shall be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged, and") received at the Time and Place above-writ- j ten, before me the undersigned Commissioner; and I do hereby further certify, that I do believe and connder the Persons above mentioned sufficient Security for the said Sum of £ J

'On which Day appeared personally W. X. of and TZ. of who

produced themselves as Sureties For the said

the Master, and for the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo,

i'or, as the Case may he for the aid'Master and

Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes (or for the Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes) and submitting them-selves to the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England [or the Court of Admiralty for the Cinque Ports, as the Case may he] bound themselves, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the said Master and Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, as the 'Master and Owners, the Owners of the said

IV. X.

r.z.

A.D. 1808.

443

48° GEO. III. C. 131 — 133.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act for further continuing until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-third 43G.a uft. Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

[30th June 1808.]

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majesty's Navy, to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His 45 G. 3.C. 7*. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning Hit Ma-«jejfy't Navy during the present War: And whereas the said Act

contains sundry Provisions and Regulations, touching Matters that

had arisen or might arise in consequence of the general Reprilals which His Majesty had been pleased to order against the Ships,

Goods, and Subjects of the several Powers with whom His Majesty was engaged in War at the Time of the passing of the said Act:

4 And whereas His Majesty hath, since the passing of the said Act,

deemed it necessary for the Honour of His Crown and the Safety

of His People, to order that general Reprisals Should be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of States then in Amity with His Majesty be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That all and every one of the Pro- Prorifiom visions and Regulations of the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His wched Act Majesty's Reign shall be applied to all Cases arising from the said

Orders of general Reprisal issued since the passing of this Act, in like nn^r Ordm of Manner and to* the like Effect as the said Provisions and Regulations General Repii&l are there directed to be applied to all Cases arising from the Orders of since issued. general Reprisal recited in the said Act, and lhaS extend to all Proceedings which have been had or ibay hereafter be had in consequence of the Orders of Reprisal issued since the passing of the said Act, in as full Force and ElFeft as if the same were particularly enacted in this Act.

c a* p. cxxxni.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS certain Acts may have been made and passed in 4 W this present Session of Parliament, appointing the First Meetings of the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, for putting such Acts in Execution upon certain Days, which have elapsed

6*before

444

A.D. 18g2,

C.i33> >34*

48° GEO. III.

limes appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners, &c. under AAi patfed this Se&un extended.

Such Meetings ckeLurcd valid.

before or happened upon the respective Days of passing such A As,

and Doubts may arise whether in such Cases the Commissioners

Trustees, or other Persons appointed in and by such A As, are

authorised to meet and carry such AAs into Execution: May it

therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaAedand be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or have passed during the present Session of P&rhament, and the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons for putting such Act or Acts in Execution, shall not have met and holden their First Meetings on the respective Days appointed by such A As respectively, or shall have met and holden any Meetings without sufficient Authority so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, or such Number of them as by such AAs are authorised to meet and to put such AAs in Execution, to meet and proceed in the Execution of such AAs respectively, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Parliament j and all such Meetings so had shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and esse Aual, to all Intents and Purposes what foe ver, as if the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons had met and proceeded to put such AAs in Execution on the Days appointed in and by such respective AAs, or as if they had Been authorised by such respective AAs to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid; and all AAs, Matters, and Things which shall be done by such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons in the Execution of such AAs respectively, shall be as valid and esse Aual in all RespeAs, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their First Meetings had been held on the Days appointed by such AAs respectively, or as if they had been authorised by such respective AAs, to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags and! Pockets of Hops.

[30th June 1808']

&r39 & 4oG.a.*WHEREAS the Laws in force at and immediately before the c.si. $a.*W passing of this Act, for preventing Frauds and Irregularities

in the marking of Bags and Pockets, to be used for bagging-Hops,

have been found inefficient for the good Purposes thereby intended,

and that further Provisions are become necessary be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Barrs Pocket*ame> That from and after the Twenty-fifth' Day of July One Hops shall be thousand eight hundred and eight, in addition to the Particulars remarked with the quired by Law to be marked on the Outside of every Bag and Pocket Parish and County of Hops, there shall be marked by the Owner, Planter, or Grower Feral* Hops, in the Form and Manner in which the before-mentioned

ty*Particulars are required to be marked, the Name of the Parish and of the County in which tye Hops put into any such Bags or Pock-

A.D. 1808.

445

48° GEO. III. C. 134 — 136.

eta were or shall be grown 5 and if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, shall presume to put Hops into any Bag or Pocket before the same shall have been marked in the Form and Manner by this Act directed and required, he, she, or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or wilfully remove, alter, erase, or obliterate, or cause, procure, or suffer to be counterfeited, removed, altered, erased, or obliterated, any of the Marks directed and required by this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, to be put or marked on Bags or Pockets of Hops, all and every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to hjm or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houfloun and Company to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as Tclates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowally James Mac Dowall, and Robert Houjloun Rae3 in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

[3dth June 1808.]

The Trustees under the recited Act are empowered to discharge* a certain Mortgage; not with handing a prior Claim of the* Crown."

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to indemnify all Officers and Persons who have carried into Execution any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the TovJir Hamlets.

[30th Jura 1808.]

Penalty on

counterfeiting oc ending Marks 20).

Recovery and

ppIicat-'Hl of Penalties.

46 G. 3. c. 157.

47 G. 3.ft.». c. 71.

A.D. 18c&

I5G.S*c.?9.

IVnnK^lurp^ far comra&rtt fcr shall he conveyed to the Jftid Cora-uflioners, and become veiled ui the Treasury.

All Rente, See. shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Commissionctt eiu|.oaaed u> giaut I wk, r-ie&lcs, Building

Leauii, &c. under Cci enajttt to be approved by TreaUiry.

C. 137* 48° GEO. III.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. - [30th June 1808.]

Dean and Chapter of Westminster empowered to demise to the Commissioners under 46 G» 3. c. 89. certain Premises herein mentioned, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years. § l. The said Commissioners empowered to purchase certain Premises on the South u Side of Great George Street, Scc. §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That ^(notwithstanding any Thing in the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid contained to the contrary) all Houses, Buildings, and Ground which shall hereafter be contracted to be purchased by or leased to the Commissioners under the same Act or this Act, shall be conveyed or demised to any such Three of the same Commissioners, as in the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid is mentioned; and after the same shall have been so conveyed or demised, or after the Money agreed or awarded, to be paid as the Consideration for any such Purchase or Lease shall have been paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of the Directions of the fahie Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or in the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be employed for the Purposes of the same Act, subject to the Powers and Authorities herein contained; and that the annual Rents and Profits arising from any Grounds, Houses, and Buildings so to be purchased or leased, or from any Houses or Buildings which shall be ere died in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act or of this Act, shall from Time to Time be received by any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Trealuvcr for the Time being, or any Three of them, and shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund oi Great Britain.'

Commissioners empowered to contract for taking down Houses purchased by them, and disposing of the Materials. £ 4."

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Hereditaments shall have been purchased from or demised' by the said Dean and Chapter in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, under the said A6c of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, from Time to Time (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or of any Three or more of thtm) by any Deed or Deeds to be iealed and delivered by the Commissioners for the Time being exercising this present Power, and to Jbe inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to grant

any Und$r-lease or Under-leases of all or any Part or Parts of the same Hereditaments to any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Term or Number of Years; and also that it shall be lawful for the same Commissioners, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, from Time to Tirtie to grant any Lease or Leaks for any Term or Term? of Years of all or any other Part or Parts of the Grounds which have been or shall be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Acts therein referred to or of this Act, and that every Lease which shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, flnll and may be granted at such yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants for building thereupon, and such other Covenant*, Conditions, Restrictions, and Agreements as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Threa or more of them, shall approve.

Commissioners under 46 G. 3. r. 89. empowered to dispose to Commissioners under Local Ad 47 G. 3. c. lxvii. so much Ground as 4i shall be requisite for the Accommodation of the Court House,

i for holding the Session of Peace for Westminster.^6. Such Ground shall not be built on without Consent of Commissioners, under 46* G. 3. r. 89, — §7. Roof and Walls of Saint Margaret's Church 4t may be repaired by Commissioners, under 46 G. 3. c. 89. and Di- redion of the Treasury. §8. Watchhouse and other Buildings on the North Side of Saint Margaret's Churchyard next the Broad Sanctuary may be taken down by the said Commissioners.

44 §9. Said Commissioners may alter the Pavement, &c. and dispose of the Materials, and may {hut up Streets and make others. — Streets " {hut up vested in the Treaty." §10.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases whatsoever in Or the Verdict which a Jury shall be summoned in pursuance of the Directiona in that Behalf contained in the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year afore- ^dSlrfenj said, any One of the Commissioners under the lame Ad shall be com- qomndffioner.*etent to give Judgment upon the Verdict of any such Jury, and that such Judgment shall be equally binding and conclusive, as if the same were given by any Three or more of the same Commissioners, (any Thing contained in the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.)

Deed Poll, dated July 7, 1807, declaring a certain Piece of Ground,

" the Property, of His Majesty, and used for placing an Iron Rail-4t ing near the Abbey, recited, and confirmed. §12. A certain Piece of Ground lately added to the open Area of Saint Margaret's Church and inclosed, shall continue Part of the Churchyard.

"§13"'V

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if all or any or either of the His Mqell? Nine Commissioners named in or appointed by or in pursuance or by empowered to virtue of the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, or of this appoint Ad, fti^ll at any Time hereafter decline to ad in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties given to of imposed upon the said Com- 'Jclining to Uu missioners under this Act, or the said Act of the Forty-sixth Year aforesaid, and shall signify the same by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, then it shall and may be lawful for His MajestV, His Heirs

44»

C.i37> 138.

48 GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Scotch Act, i; a;

Stipends modified before the passing of this Act shall not be again-modified for 15 Yearn.

Stipendsmedlfied ascer the passing of this Actshall not be again modified for SO Years.*.

Proceflea depending pier to March If, 1608, maybe suspended or

or Successors, from Time to Time, to appoint by Warrant under His or their Sign Manual for that Purpose, another or other Commissioner or Commissioners to be designated by Office or otherwise in the Place and Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners so declining to act; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners so to be appointed shall have all the same Powers and Authorities for carrying the said several Acts above mentioned or referred unto, and of this Act into Execution, as if he or they bad been originally appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners for executing the lame respectively.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland.

[30th June i 808.3

WHEREAS by air Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seven, intituled,

4 AS anent Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds y Her Majesty Queen Anne and the Estates of Parliament, empowered, authorised,

and appointed the Lords of Council and Session to judge, cognofce,

and determine in all Affairs and Causes which, by the Laws and Acts of the Parliament of Scotland had been referred, and did pertarn and belong to the Jurisdiction and Cognizance of Commissioners

formerly appointed for that Effect, as-fully and freely in all Respects as the said Lords did or might do in other Civil Causes; and certain Powers therein meytioned were particularly granted by the said Act; and it was thereby declared that the said Act and Commission should be subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Alterations as should be made by the Parliament of Great Britain s And whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, should in some Respects be defined and regulated: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be competent to the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, except as after specified, to augment or modify any Stipend which shall have been augmented or modified prior to the passing of this Act, until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from and after the Date of the last final Decreet of Modification of such Stipend.

II. And be it enacted, That no Stipend which shall be augmented or modified by a Decree after the passing of this Act, shall he again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of such Decree or Modification thereof; nor shall any such Stipend he augmented or modified at any future Period until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the last Decree of Modification thereof respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Precedes of Augmentation or Modification, in which the Days of Compearance had elapsed, and which shall have been called in Court prior to the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and

449

48° GEO. III. C. 138.

which shall continue to depend before the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, at or after the passing of this Act, it shall be competent to the Pursuer either to suspend the same until Fifteen Years mall hare elapsed from the Date of the lad preceding Decree of Modification, or to prosecute the same to a Conclusion forthwith; and that it shall be competent to the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, either to grant, or to refuse to grant an Augmentation in any such Cases, or to pronounce or to reiufe to proooounce a Decreet of Modification therein: Provided always, that if the Stipend in any such depending Case shall be augmented or modified by a Decreet after the passing of this Act, the same shall not be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of such Decree of Modification thereof; nor shall any such Stipend be augmented or modified at any future Period, until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the lait Decree of Modification thereof respectively.

IV. Provided further, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not be deemed or taken to extend to any Case where a Decreet of Modification having been pronounced by the said Lords of Council and -Session as Commissioners aforesaid, prior to the passing of this Act, the Subject Matter whereof shall be depending, either upon Petition to the said Commissioners, or upon Appeal to the House of Lords at the Time of the passing thereof, or where it may be competent to present such Petition or such Appeal against any such Decreet of Modification, but every such Case may be proceeded in and brought to a Conelusion; and a Petition or Petitions may be presented to the said Commissioners therein, or an Appeal may be taken to the House of Lords as heretofore, and the same may be prosecuted with regard tp said Petition or Appeal in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such Cases aforesaid, where there shall be a final Decreet of Modification, no such Stipend, shall be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from and after the Date of the final Decreet of Modification thereof, pronounced by the said Lords of Council and Session*as Commissioners aforesaid.

VI. Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That where such Stipend shall, at or after the Expiration of the said Fifteen Years, be again augmented or modified by a Decree, after the passing of this Act, it mall not be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years- from and after the Date of such Decree of Modification thereof, nor shall any such Stipend be augmented or modified, at any future Period, until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the last Decree of Modification thereof respectively.

VII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That in all Cases whatsoever where an Augmentation or Modification of Stipend shall have been or shall be applied for, and which shall be judged of, or a De-cifion pronounced therein, after the passing of this Act, by the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, it shall and may be competent to them to refafe to augment or modify any Stipend in any such Case, either on account of there being uo legal Fund of Augmentation, or on account of the CircumfUnces of

48 Geo. III. G g the

I

profecotrd by the Minifiex.

Act shall not extend to any Cases depending, either on Petition, or 00 Appeal.

Where there ia m final Decreet no Stipend (halLbe modified for 15 Yean,

and after the Expiration of that Period no Modi Scat ion shall take place till the ttnd of 30 Yeaisu

Commissioners of Teinds may refafe to augment or modify Stipends.

45°

A.D. 1808.

Stipends which shall be

augmented (h&U be wholly modified in Grain or ViAual unless where it shall appear necef&ry.

Money Stipends shall be converted into Grain or Victual, except as aforesaid^ according to the Fiar Prices of the County on Average of Seven Years.

Where there arc no Fiars applicable in the proper County, tile Fiar Prices may he taken from adjoining Counties.

M'.niAers shall not receive Stipend in Kind, but in Money according to the Fiar Price* of the Grain.

C. 138. 48° GEO. III.

the Case; and it shall and may be competent for any Party or Par* ties to propone all relevant Objections in every Case whatsoever where an Augmentation or Modification shall be applied for, and which Objections shall be determined by the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid as heretofore.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Stipend which shall be augmented after the passing of this Act shall be wholly modified in Grain or Victual, even although Part of the Whole thereof shall have been previously modified in Money, or although Part of the Whole of the Teiiids shall be Money Teind, unless where it shall appear necessary, on account of the State of the Teinds, or on account of the Interest of the Benefice, or on account of the Nature of the Articles other than Grain or Victual which have been in use to be delivered in Kind ns Stipend, that a Part of the said Stipend should be modified not in Grain or Victual but in Money, pr should be modified in such other Articles as have been in ule, to be delivered in Kind as Stipend.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the Case of every Decree of Modification which shall be pronounced after the pa fling of this Act as aforesaid, it shall and may be competent to the said Lords of

' Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and required to convert the said Money Stipend or Money Teind into Grain or Victual, save and except as aforesaid % and to make such Conversion into Grain or Victual according to the Fiar Prices of the Kind or Description of Grain or Victual into which the same shall be converted, as appearing from the Fiars of the County or Stewartry (truck for each Year, in virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart in which the Parish shall be situated, upon an Average of such Fiar Prices for Seven Years preceding the Date of the Decreet of Modification, and exclusive of that Year in which such Decreet of Modification shall bear Date.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where such Parish shall tidt be altogether situated-in the same County or Stewartry, or where no Fiars applicable to the Kind or Description of Grain modified shall be (buck in the County or Stewartry wherein such Parish is situated, it shall be competent for the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, to convert the said Money into Grain pr Victual, according to the Average of the aforesaid Seven Years of the Fiar Prices of Two or more of the adjoining Counties, or of such Stewartry, County or Counties, as they shall deem moil suitabk in the Circumstances or the Case.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be competent for the Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, where a Stipend shall, ?fter the passing of this Act, be modified in Grain or Victual, in whole or in part, to authorize the Miniiler to receive the same or any Part thereof in Kind, but that it shall only be competent for them to decree the Value thereof to be paid, or for him to receive the same in Money, according to the Fiar Prices of the Kind or Description of Grain or Victual'into which the farre shall have b: en modified, as appearing from the annual Fiard of the County or Stewartry in which the Parish, the Stipend of which shall have been so modified, shall be situated, (trucksin virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart, for that Crop or Year for which such Stipend, modified in Grain or Victual, shall be payable.

4 S*

48 GEO. in C. 138.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any such Where die PwUb Parish shall not be altogether situated in one and the same County or Stewartry, or where no annual Fiars applicable to the Kind or Def- f{llatca mon« cription of Grain or Vidual modified, shall be struck in the County County Two or or Stewartry wherein such Parish is situated, it shall be competent more Countie* for the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, "Y*

to fix upon and specify Two or more of the adjoining Counties, or Sw FWPricou such Stewartry, County or Counties, as they shall deem most suitable in the Circumstances of the Case, according to the annual Fiar Prices of which Stewartry, County or Counties, they shall decree the Value thereof to be paid in Money.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where there shall Ceiwrfion fhdl have been or shall be different Rgtcs of Annual Fiar Prices for any be made County or Stewartry, District or Place, struck. iix^virtue of Au- »ccorilinfftothe thority from the Sheriff or Stewart, the said Conversion from pHreft Money into Grain or Vidual, and from Grain or Vidual into Money,

in all of the Cases aforesaid, shall be made according to the high eft Annual Fiar Prices struck in virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart for the said County, Stewartry, District, or Place.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Right of any Right of Heritor to fuirenderhis valued Teind in place of subjecting his surrendering' Lands, to the Amount of the Stipend localled upon them, shall not Teind* referred, be taken away by what is herein enacted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Time of of this Act, the said Lords of Council and Session as Commimonera Meeung of aforesaid, Nine being a Quorum, instead of meeting in the Afternoon Commissionei* of each Wednesday as heretofore, shall meet at Ten of the Clock in of Tcited* the Forenoon, upon the Second Wednesday which shall happen after the Court of Session shall have met for the Dispatch of iWiness in the Months of November and May in every Year respectively; and at the same Hour once a Fortnight on Wednesday dunng the Sitting of the Court of Session, and at Tiich other Times, and on such other

Days in the Months of December, January, and March, not being any of the Days upon which the Court of Session meet for the Dil-patch of the Business of the said Court, a? the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid shall find necessary or proper for executing the Powers committed to them by this and the said 'in part recited Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, and they are here-by empowered and required to establish Rules and Regulations for abridging the Forms and Expence of Citation of Heritors and others, and for ascertaining the Fa£U and Circumstances of the Case, and to establish Regulations for executing the Bufinelt committed, to them by the said in part recited Act of the Parliament of Scotland, and by the present Act, with as much Expedition and as little Expence as possible.

XVII. And, in order to guard against Collusion, and also in*order that no Processes of Augmentation or for Modification of ' Stipends shall be raised on the Ground of alledged Collusion, ' be it further enacted, That every Minister insisting in the Process of Augmentation shall, after the passing of this Act, besides citing the Heritors, also cite the Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery of the founds, and furaiih them with a Statement of the Amount of his

Regulation* for abridging Form* acid Expence of Citation, &c.

In Cases of Augmentation Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery shall be summoned, and furnished with Statement ofpreffav

45 2

Stipend, and Addition waved, &c«

Power of recited Act referred.

Irish Acts,

33 G. i). c. 36.

36 G. 3.C. 30.

39, G. 3. c.

40 G'3. c. 68.

C. 138 — 140. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

present Stipend, and the Addition to the Stipend which he means to crave, ih order that the Presbytery, if they shall judge it proper, may appear as Parties to the Proeefs; and, in the Event of the Presbytery entering no Appearance, the Minister shall forthwith transmit to the Moderator or Clerk of the Presbytery a certified Copy of the Interlocutor pronounced by the Court; and it shall be competent to the Presbytery, within Five Months after such Interlocutor is pronounced, to enter an Appearance, and to shew, if they shall see Cause, that the Decree of Modification pronounced is collusive and prejudicial to the Benefice: Provided that if the Presbytery shall enter an Appearance in such Proeefs, it shall be competent to the Court to subject the Minister infilling in such Proeefs, in the Whole or any Part of the Expences of Proeefs incurred by the Presbytery.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given and granted by the said in part recited Act to the Commissioners thereby appointed, shall remain and continue in force, and receive such and the like Effect as they do at present, excepting in so far as they are altered or repealed by this Act.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[30th June 1808.]

44 [Number of Tickets 6o, OCO. — Amount of Prizes at a Rate not ex " cceding iol. per Ticket. — See 47 G. 3. flat. 2. c. 9. to which this Act is similar. J

CAP. CXL.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a.Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District of Dublin Metropolis.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for more effectually preferring the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and eRablishing a 4 Parochial Watch in the said City: And whereas another Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Tear, and for remedying the Abuses committed by Pawnbrokers within the District of the said Metropolis, or Three Miles thereof: And whereas another Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign: And whereas another Act of Parliament was made i» Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending, and making 4 p^trpetualy the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the District of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers:

4 And the said Acts have been found insufficient for effectuating the

laid Purposes be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excel-

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 140.

453

Recited Ada 3S&36 G. 9. and so much of 39 & 40 G. 3. as relates to the Watch Establishment rej>ealed.

Limit* of Pollcf Eight Miles round Dublin Cattle.

Police DiM in Six Divisions, to be afceiteined by Lord Lieutenant

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflemT bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and evety Matter and Thing therein contained; and also so much of the said Acts of the Thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to the Watch Establishment, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except so much of the said Acts or any of them respectively as repeals any former Act or Acts, or any'Clause, Power, or Authority, or Provision given or enacted by any former Act or Acts, and save and except so much of the said Acts or any of them as provide for the Payment of any Salary or Salaries, to any Person. or Persons in respect of having held any Office or Offices whatsoever abolished by the said Acts or either of them, and also save as herein after mentioned.)

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and all Places within Eight Miles thereof, in every Direction, as to all Matters and Things not within the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty of Ireland, shall be united in one District, and be called <l The Police District of Dublin Metropolis."

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Police District shall be divided into Six Divisions, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, from Time to Time to direct, declare, and point out the Limits of the said Divisions respectively, and to change the same from Time to Time at his or their Will and Pleasure, and to cause' Six several Publick Offices to be established, One thereof in each of the said Divisions, and to cause the same to* be changed from Time to Time as he or they shall think proper.

IV. And be it enacted, That there shall be appointed in Manner 10 Divisional herein after mentioned, Eighteen fit and proper Persons to be Divi- Julhcw, 19 to fional Justices within the said District, Six whereof to be Barristers ^wanted by bf not less than Six Years (landing each, and that Twelve of the said ^ordLieUtrat" Divisional Justices shall be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; to wit, Six Barristers of such (landing as aforesaid, and Three Aldermen of the City of Dublin, and Three Persons being Sheriffs' Peers or Members of the Common Council of the said City, whom he or they shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor o^ Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to appoint a Receiver, not being an Alderman of the City of Dublin, who shall be called "The Receiver of the Publick Offices in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, " which Receiver shall be incapat ble of being appointed or elected a Divisional Justice under this Act and shall be removable from Time to Time by the Lord Lieutenant or o'.her Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being9 at his and their good Will and Pleasure.

V. And be it further enacted, That the other Six Divisional Justices shall be elected to the said Offices, subject to the Approbation of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and the Privy Council, in Manner herein after mentioned and that the Persons so to be elected '(half be Three Aldermen of the City of Dublin and Three Sheriffs' Peers.

Ggj VI. And

Six to he elided from Aldermen and Shenfls' Peon.

A.D. 1808.

454

Form of Election by the Corporation of Dublity

Divisiooal Justices shall remain till removed by Lord Lieutenaat, &c.

Divisional Justices shall be iwornaa Magistratea.

lord lieutenant shall appoint Division in which each Justice is to attend.

Lord lieutenant shall appoint One of the Justices to be Chief Magistrate, and to attend in the Caitle Division.

C. 140.*48 GEO. III.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty* fourth Day of July One tfioufand eight hundred and eight, the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin shall convene an AfLmbly of the Corporation of the said City for the Purpose of electing Six able and fit Persons of the Description aforesaid respectively, to be Divisional Justices in the said District, and the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or the usual Quorum, shall at such Assembly nominate as fit Persons for said Offices, Nine Aldermen and Nine Sheriffs, Peers, and shall return the Names of the Persons so nominated to the Common Council of the said City, and the said Commons shall elect Tfiree Aldermen and Three Sheriffs, Peers out of the Number so returned, and the Persons so elected shall be presented to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Privy Council, for their Approbation, in like Manner as the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of the said City, by any Law, Rule, or Custom now in force, are to be presented and approved of; and the Persons so elested, being so approved of shall be Divisional Justices for the said District, and shall begin to exercise their Offices under this Act, from the First Day of September next.

Vacancies shall be filled up, according to original Election or Appointment in One Month. §; .9>

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons who shall be so appointed or elested, and approved of as aforesaid, as Divisional Justices shall respectively hold and exercise the said Offices during their good Behaviour therein, or until they shall be respectively removed therefrom by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, who shall have full Power, at all Times, to remove the said Divisional Justices or any of them; and every Person who shall be so removed shall from thenceforth be inca-

?able of being elected a Divisional Justice under this Act, unless the ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall have declared by Warrant under Hand and Seal, previous to such Election, that such Incapacity shall from thenceforth cease and be removed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Divisional Justice shall take such Oath of Office as is or shall be by Law required to be taken by the Justices of the Peace in Ireland, and thereupon shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be And be deemed and be taken to be a Justice of the Peace within every Part of the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

X. And be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, assign to each of the said Divisional Justices the Division to which he shall belong, and shall change the same in like Manner when and as often as he or they shall think proper; provided, however, that there shall be in each Division One Alderman, One Barrister, and One Sheriff's Peer, or One other Person, not being an Alderman or Barrister.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to nominate any One of the said Divisional Justices, being an Alderman, whom he shall think proper, to be the Chief Magistrate of the Police

of

A.D. 1808.

4.8° GEO. III. C. 140.

m

of Dublin, and in like Manner to change the same at his and their good Will and Pleasure, and such Chief Magistrate shall for the Time being be One of the Divisional Justices of the Division in which His Majesty's Castle of flublin shall be situate; and that the Office of the said Division shall be called M The Head Office of the Police.*' u Justices of other Divisions to fend their Proceedings every Week to u the Head Office. §12."

XIII. And be it further enacted, That One or more of the said Divisional Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the said Publics: Offices, each in his proper Division, every Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary; and that Two of the said Justices, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like Manner attend together at each of the said Publick Offices from. Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that the Barrister, who shall be One of the Divisional Justices at each of the said Publick Offices, shall diligently attend thereat at all Hours, although not his Turn of Duty, whenever any Matter of Weight or Difficulty shall occur to require his Presence thereat, a written Notice that his Attendance is so required, signed by either of the other Divisional Justices of the said Division, or the chief Clerk to the Publick Office therein, being first left at his known Place of Abode.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Divisional Justices 'and Receiver, and all other Person* holding any Office in or under the said Police Establishment, shall be incapable of being chosen Members of or fitting in the House of Commons in any Parliament during such Time as they shall hold the said Offices respectively; and that no Barrister who shall be appointed or elected a Divisional Justice under this Act shall, while he mall hold the said Office, practise as a Barrister in any Court whatever, or do any Bufioefs as a Barrister out of Couit, in drawing Deeds or Pleadings in Law or in Equity, or any Draft or Drafts thereof respectively, or in giving any Opinion or Opinions, or otherwise; and if any such Barrister shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Barrister or other Officer or Person nominated or appointed by or under this Act, (except the said Divisional Justices who shall be Aldermen, Sheriffs' Peers, or Common Councilmen,) shall, during the Time he shall continue in his Office, or within Six Months after he shall have emitted the same, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Dublin, or the City of Dublin respectively, nor shall by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County and City of Dublin respectively; and every such Officer or Person as aforesaid, offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the said Receiver of the said Publick Offices, to be applied to the Uses of the said Establishment; to be recovered by any Person- that shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, qr Infor-

Gg4 mation

"One Ju (lice flu#

attend in each Office from Ten to Eight every Day, and Two from Eleven to Three; and die Barrister of each Office to attend at all Hours when required.

Divisional Justices, &c. incapable of fitting in the House of Commons, and Barristers incapable of

pra&ifinj*.

Ho Barrister at other Officer acting under this Act, shall vote in the Election of Members of PaHiament.

A.D. 1808.

45*

No Brewer, Dtftilhr, Sec. to hold any Folke Office.

Offenders In Police DHltf&t may be taken, &c. in all Parts under Warrant of Divisional Justices.

C. 140. 48° GEO. III.

tnation in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; such, A&i°n to be brought within the Space of One Year after such Offence so committed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to subject such Officer or Person as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties for any Act or Acts done by him, at or concerning apy of the said Elections in Discharge of his Duty or Duties in his respective Capacity.

" Receiver shall give Bond for faithful Performance of his Office* " §16. Lord Lieutenant and Council shall direct Salaries to the " Divisional Justices, not exceeding 500l. per Annum* and 100l. ad-\€t ditional to the Chief Magistrate, fl£c. — Total Expences not to ex-" ceed 29, 600l. besides Expence of hiring, building, and repairing u Offices. §17. Former Police Magistrates to receive their respect" tive Salaries for Life. $ 18. Divisional Justices to retain Clerks " and Constables. §19. One Chief Constable in each Division. §20. " Foot Patroles and Horse Patroles. §21 — 23."

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no. Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Brewer or Distiller, or Dealer in Wine by Retail to licensed Publick Houses, or being a Partner of such; no Person who shall have a Licence or Licences to fell Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors, or who shall in any Manner he engaged as a Seller thereof; no Victualler nor Person keeping a Publick House, /Hall he capable of holding any Office or Situation whatsoever under this Act.

" Payment of Chief Constable and Patroles, &c. §25. Allowances " to Justices, flee. disabled, or after Twenty five Years Service. §2$, " No Justice or his Clerk, &c. to take any Fee within the Police " District, hut at the Offices. §27. Divisional Justices and their " Clerks to keep Account of Fees, Fines, flee. §28. All Fines " and Forfeitures to be recoverable only at said Offices, and to go Cl to the Funds of the Police. §29. All Acts directed to be done "by nearest Magistrate, if arising. within Police District, shall be " done at the said Office. §30."

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons charged on Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, with any Treason or Felony committed within the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis, shall fly for the same, or remove to, or be found, or he in any other Part of Ireland* then and in every such Case the Warrant or Warrants of the said Divisional Justices, or any of them, shall have full Force and Effect in any Part of Ireland to which such Person or Persons may have fled or removed, or where such Person or Persons shall be found or be; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons are hereby authorised and directed to receive into their Custody such Person or Persons, when apprehended or in Custody, under or by virtue of such Warrant, and each and every of them in safe Custody to keep until transmitted to the said District of Dublin Metropolis; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Rewards for apprehending Traitors, flee. not exceeding 20/, §32. " All Magistrates, flee, of the District, when required by Divisional*Justices, shall give them every Information and Assistance for the

" Execution

4S7

4ft0 GEO. III. C. 140.

Execution of this Act. $ 33. No Person charged with Petty, Felony in the Police District shall be admitted Approver, without Consent of Chief Magistrate. §34."

XXXV. And be it enacted, That no Person charged with or ac# cufed of having committed any High Treason within the said Police District, shall be admitted to give Evidence for the Crown again (I his or her Accomplice or Accomplices, without the previous Consent in Writing of His Majesty's Attorney General, or in his Absence or in the Vacancy of the said Office, of His Majesty's Solicitor General; and any Justice offending herein shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered in like Manner,

Any Justice of Peace taking any Examination, See. of any Bur# glary, &c. in Police District, shall fend Notice thereof, and Copy of Examination, 8cc. to the Head Office. §36. DiviGonal Justices and Receiver shall report all Matters required to Chief or Under Secretary. §37. And make yearly Reports as to State of Police, " Coudud of Officers, Sec. §28. shall report all Extraordinaries " as they may occur. §39. Churchwardens in Police District shall return to Head Office a List, of all Parish Constables. $ 40. Divi- fional Justices and their Constables entitled to demand the Aid of all Parish Constables, 5cc. f 41, 42. Persons obstructing the Execution of this Act to be committed until duly discharged. §43. Divisional Justices shall pod up Descriptions of Felons, Receivers " of stolen Goods, &c. and circulate the same free of Postage. §44. Power to aired Persons carrying stolen Goods. §45. Constables may " break open Houses to search for Traitors, Felons, See. §46. Justices, Constables, See. indemnified though the Goods shall appear not to be stolen, or Felons, See. not in the Houses. $ 47. Plain- tiffs, where there appears probable Cause for doing the Ad complained of, shall have only 6d, Damages, See. §48. Penalty on " any Person concealing stolen Goods, See. First Offence 100l., Second Offence, Sec. 200l. $ 49. Publicans, Pawnbrokers, Sec. is Police District shall give Notice of their Names, Abode, Sec. §50. Such Persons having stolen Goods shall produce them on Notice, and date from whom received. §51. Constables empowered to search for concealed Arms. §52.. Nightwalkers, Sec. shall be treated as Vagrants; if Children, to be apprenticed. $ 53. Constables may enter Houses of Publicans and apprehend all Servants, " Sec. found drinking therein at unlawful Hours. §54 — 56. All Crimes committed within Circular Road shall be tried in the County of the City of Dublin. §57, 58. Lord Lieutenant empowered out of Police Funds to increase Recorder's Salary to 1000h per An* num § £9. Rights, Powers, Sec. of Superintendant Magistrate, veiled m Divisional Justices. §66. Bye Laws now in force continued. §61. Divisional Justice of Castle Office to (ign all Li- cences as Superintendant Magistrate. §62. Existing Licences of Superintendant Magistrate valid. §63. Divisional Justice to pav and account with Lying-in Hospital. §64. No Person to hawk about Trees, Books, See. without Licence and Payment of Duties, under G. 3. c, xxii. §65 — 72. Hotel Keepers to take out Li- cences, and pay 25/. per Annum for Hotels having more than Twrenty and not more than Thirty Windows, and 50l. per Annum*for large Hotels. §73 — 75. Houses, Furniture, See. of Old Ef-

" tablishment

No Perfim charged with High Tretfoit'-

QiaII beadinki<4 Approver without Consent of Attorney General,

4* GEO. IK,

A.D. 1803.

Aw£tint*cflU-

«ehrer*s/Lcconki!tt.

Commissioners of luipveft Accounts mmy examine PerfooB on Oath, caU for Ftpen,

Ac

AtnIm to AppHeaiion of Money, &c. and leport thereon to Loryfc Licntenant.

C. 140;

u tablishment veiled in'New. §76. Officers to account on Oath to Justices of the Caille Division. §77. Houses, &c. applied to Use of Police Eflabliftunent. §78. Divisional Justices at Head Office to raise and levy all Taxes and Arrears as Superintendant Magistrate. §79 — 85."

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Accounts of the said Receiver shall be audited once in every Six Calendar Months by the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall have I full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised to call before them, and examine upon Oath, all Persona who have been, or as they shall have reason to believe shall have been at any Time concerned in or have any Knowledge of the receiving, expending, dif-bursing, or in anywise accounting for, entering, paying, or managing of any of the Monies of which they are hereby empowered to audit the Accounts, and likewise to call before them and examine upon Oath all Persons whom they shall think proper, for the FurpoCe of enquiring into the Honesty, Efficacy, and Legality of the Expenditure of all such Mohics, and into the present State and Condition of the several Matters where to any of such Monies have been applied; and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them, as often as they ! shall think proper, all Accounts, Certificates, Books, Monuments, Bills, Plans, Papers, and Writings of what Nature soever, and in whosoever's Custody they may be, which in any wise touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Disposal, or Management of the said Monies, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer to all Persons whom they shall think proper) touching the State, Custody, Entries, or Items, in such Accounts, Certificates, Books, Monuments, Bills, Plans, Papers, or Writings.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall and they are hereby empowered and required to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of them is hereby empowered to administer) into all corrupt and fraudulent or improper Practices, or other Misconduct in the Expenditure, Application of, ordering or accounting for, iftiiing or receiving all and angular the said Monies, and into the due Execution of the Works for which any Part thereof may have been appropriated; and they shall not include in the Discharge Part of any Account which shall be stated by them in pursuance of this Adfc, any Article of Expenditure which does not appear to them to be agreeable to the legal Powers vested in the Parties by whom such Expenditure has been 01* shall have been made; and they shall, if required, as soon as possible after their Determination and Proceeding on any of the Matters herein committed to their Examination, give an Account thereof in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being 5 and they shall, whether thereto required or not, report to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, what Defects, Frauds, or Illegalities shall have been observed during their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, or in the Execution

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. C. 140^141/ 4S9

ecution of the several Matters aforesaid, and likewise such Regis-lations or other Matters as they shall in their Judgment deem expedient to be observed and adopted for the better directing* enforcing, and securii}? the honed, just, and effectual Expenditure of all future Sums of Money for the said several or similar Purposes, or any of them.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, duly summoned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of any of the said Non-attendance. Commissioners to appear before the said Commissioners, touching any of the Matters aforesaid, to give Evidence or otherwise, or to exhibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Monument, Bill, Plan, Paper, or Writing, pursuant to this Act, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforesaid Articles in his or her Custody,

Power, or Possemon, at the Day and Time in the Summons mentioned, or to answer any Question upon Oath which shall be proposed to him or her by any of the said Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thing which they are empowered or dire died to examine into by this Act, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction by any Person who shall sue for the same.

Grand Juries of the City of Dublin may present Sums for repairing, building. See. Houses of Correction. §90. Division at " Head Office to appoint Keeper of each House of Correction. §91.

" Each House of Correction to be visited by Divisional Justices.

" §92. Divisional Justices to visit all Prisons, 8cc. Six Times in " every Year and report thereon to Chief Secretary and to the King's '

Bench. §93. Division at Head Office to appoint and regulate Watchmen. §94 — 111. Lord Mayor may at all Times muster and €t review the Watch. §112. Further Regulations as to Watchmen.

[Publick Act.]

44 §113 — n6. Form of Conviction, Recovery and Application of Penalties, Sec. §117 — 124. Compensation to Clerks of the Peace u for County of the City of Dublin, by Presentments at the Quarter Sessions. §125. Expences of Act. £126. §127.

Act may be amended, f 128."

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties of Adefied Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collection of the same., [ad July 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Powers and

W Provisions for affeiung and collecting the Duties under the

Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Great Britain, should be varied and amended in the Particulars herein after

mentioned:, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Period appointed for the Commencement of the Rules contained in this Clause, all Appointments of Affeilors shall be made, and also all

Notices

Assessors shall he appointed, and Duue* assessed according to the following Rules.'

A.13. 18o$«

4tfcr C. 141, 48° GEO. III.

Notices required to be affixed on any Place, or to be delivered to or served on any Perfoij or Persons for the Purpose of returning or estimating the said' Duties respectively, shall be affixed, delivered, or served, and all Assessments of the said Duties, or any of them, shall be returned, estimated, ascertained, and made, and the said Duties shall be collected, levied, paid over, and accounted for, under and subject to the following Rules and Directions, which shall be deemed a Part of thife Ad, as if the said Rules and Directions had Severally and respectively been inserted herein under a Special En-adment.

No. I.

AffdVby*(h*n be appointed before the 6th of April

InPefaoltoffurh Appointment, Aifcifors for f >rraer Years shal) ad.

In certain Cases the Collegers Uft appointed shall ad.

Rules and Directions for appointing Assessors of the Duties under the Nfanagcment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, after the Expiration of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

First. — It shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the several Acts relating to the laud Duties respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to appoint Assessors for each Parish, Ward, and Place within their respective Divisions, before the Commencement of each Year for which such Appointment shall be made, and to do and complete all Acts necessary to such Appointment, so that the Assessors to be appointed may enter on their Office on the Sixth Day of April in each Year, pursuing, in all other Respects, the Directions contained in the said Acts respectively in relation to such Appointments; which Appointments shall be and continue for and daring the Year to commence on that Day, and until other Assessors shall be appointed for the same Parishes, Wards, ^nd Places, and for the same Duties respectively.

Second. — In and for every Parish, Ward, or Place, wherein Assessors shall not be appointed before the Sixth Day of April in each Year, to serve for the Year ensuing as aforesaid, the lau Appointment of Assessors for the same Parish, Ward, or Place (whether such Appointment shall have been or shall be made under any of the Acts in force at the Time of pafoing this Act, or under this Act), shall continue in force until other Assessors shall be appointed for the same Parish, Ward, or Place, and for the same Duties respectively, according to the Directions. of the said Acts.

Third. — In case the Assessor or Assessors appointed for any former Year shall be dead, or be removed from, or be otherwise unfit or incapable to act for the Parish, Ward, or Place for which he or they shall have been appointed, and in default of such Appointment of Assessors as aforesaid for the Year ensuing for the same Parish, Ward, or Place, and for the same Duties respectively, then and in every such Case the last Appointment of a Collector or Collectors of the same Duties for such Parish, Ward, or Place (whether such Appointment shall have been or shall be made under any of the Acts in force at the Time of passing this Act, or under this Act) shall continue in force until Assessors shall be appointed for the same Parish, Ward, or Place, and for the same Duties respectively, according to the Dire dio ns of the said Acts 5 and every such Collector shall, in every such Case, during such Continuance in his Office of Collector, do, perform, and execute all such Matters and Things as are directed by the said Acts or this Act to be done, performed, or executed by

Assessors;

48° GEO. TIL G14T. 461

AlTelTors; and all Parts of the said A As or this Act relating to and applied to AlTelTors, shall in every such Case be construed as applicable to, and be in like Manner, and to 'the like Intent, applied to such. Collectors v and the Powers contained in the said A As or this A A shall be as fully and amply exercised and praAifed by such Collectors, as if the same Powers had been expressly given to the said Collectora by the said AA6 or this Act.

Fourth. — All Penalties imposed by any of the A As in force at the Time of passing this Act, on AlTelTors, for refusing or neglecting to take upon themselves the Office of Assessor, or to perform their Duty therein -as prescribed by the said A As respectively, shall be in the like Cases imposed on AlTelTors appointed according to this Act, for nc-gleAing to take upon themselves the Office of AlTelTor, or to perform their Duty as prescribed by this A A; and every such Colie Aor as aforesaid, on whom the Duty of AlTelTor shall have devolved in pursuance of this A A, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties for the like tyegleA of Duty.

Fifth. — In every Parish, Ward, or Place, where AlTelTors shall not be appointed in pursuance of this A A, or being appointed shall not have taken upon themselves the Office on or before the Commencement of the ensuing Year, or where the AlTelTors or Collectors for any former Year on whom the Duty of AlTelTor shall have devolved, shall not have taken upon themselves the Office of AlTelTor on or before the Commencement of such ensuing Year, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the DistriA, and he is hereby required to execute the Duty of AlTelTor for such Parish, Ward, or Place, until AlTelTors shall be appointed who shall duly take upon themselves the said Office.

Sixth. — In every Notice of Continuance in Office of any Assessor or Collector, the respective Commissioners who shall cause such Notice to be given, shall require the Attendance of such AlTelTor or Collector on a Day and at a Place within the Division to be mimed in such Appointment or Notice, then and there ta receive and take Charge of all such Notices and Papers as shall be delivered to them respr Aively, for the due Execution of the said AAb, in Manner herein after men- % tioned, which Day shall not be later than Seven Days after the Fifth Day of dpr'il in each Year and in default of such Notice being given by such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Inspector or Surveyor of the DistriA to give such Notice, and to require the Attendance of such AlTelTors Or Collectors on a Day and at a Place within the Division to be named by the said Inspector or Surveyor for that Purpose.

No. II.

AflffTors ItaMe to Penalties for refilling to

In certain Cases, Surveyors shall

aa.

Attendance of Assessors to proceed in executing Act*.

Rules and Directions for Service of Notices to Persons liable to be charged to the said Duties, or any of them.

First. — All Notices relating to the said Duties, or any of them. Surveyor shall requiring to be affixed on any Place, or to be delivered to or other- deliver Notice wile served on any Person or Persons for the Purpose of returning or VlJtu estimating the said Duties respectively, shall be delivered by the °n*

respective Surveyors of the Districts in which such Notices are re-

?uired (ot by the Inspectors for the {one Districts, or by any other nfpeAors or Surveyors of the same Duties, duly authorised to take charge of such Districts respectively, by or under the Commissioners for

L

A.D. 180£

4<fc

C. 141.

48° GEO. III.

TIm* of DelWerr.

Assesson and Collegers shall cbferve the Directions of Inspectors and Surveyors.

for the Affairs of Taxes or any Three or more of them) to the respective Assessors appointed dr ailing in pursuance of this Act, or to the respective Collectors on whom the Duty of Afieffor shall hare devolved as aforesaid, for the Purpose of serving the same on the rfefpec-tive Persons liable to the said Duties, in the Manner required by the said Acts.

Second. — All such Notices shall be delivered to such Affefiors or Collectors as aforesaid on or as soon after the Sixth Day of Abril in each Year as the same can be done; and the Delivery or such Notices by such Inspe&ors or Surveyors, or any of them, shall be as effectual as if the same had been delivered by the Commissioners of the Division according to the Directions of the said Acts.

Third. — The said Assessors and Collectors respectively are hereby required to observe such Directions as may from Time to Time be given to them by the said Inspectors and Surveyors, in all Matters touching the Time and Manner of fixing or delivering or otherwise serving such Notices, and the Persons on whom the same >are to be fervea, such Directions bavin? been previously fecn and allowed by the Commissioners acting for the Division in which the said Inspector or Surveyor shall alt.

No. III.

Rules and Directions for making and returning the Certificates of Assessment, or Certificates of Estimates, by Assessors acting under the said Acts, and for making and collecting the First Assessments in each Year.

First. — The Assessors of the said respective Duties shall deliver their Certificates to the respective Commissioners on or before the Day which such Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, yearly, which Day so to be appointed for the Delivery of the Certificates of Assessment of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, shall not be later than the Twentieth Day of June in each Year of Assessment; and the Day to be appointed for the Delivery of the Certificates of Estimates of Property, or Profits of Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, shall not be later than the Twentieth Day of July in the same Year, on which Days respectively, the said Assessor shall also deliver to the respective Commissioners all the Returns or Statements relative to the said respective Duties made to the said Assessors before the respective Days so appointed; and all the Returns and Statements made by the Parties to be charged, which shall be delivered after that Day, shall be delivered to the respective Commissioners.

For making Second. — In all Cales relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes,

Assessment in where the Assessor or Assessors shall not have received any Return defaulted Return., from any Person or Persons liable to be charged to the said Duties, it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors, and he and they is and are hereby required to make a true Assessment on such Person or Persons, to the belt of his or their Information and Judgment, of the real Charge which ought to be imposed; and in all Cases relating to the Duty on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, where the re-t spective Affefiors shall not have received any Statement from* any Party or Parties liable to be -charged to the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the said Assessor or Assessors to estimate the Property of such Parties respectively, and the Profits arising from any Professions or Trades exercised, or any Offices held by such Parties respectively, according to Time of

delivering Certificates of AJfrifioent.

48° GEO. III. C. 141. 4C3

to the best of his or their Information and Judgment; and in case the said Assessor or Assessors shall not so estimate the Property or Profit* of any such Party or Parties who shall not have made a Return for that Year, then such Assessor or Assessors shall return to the said Commissioners the Name and Place of Residence of every such Party $ and where the respective Commissioners shall also not have received any Statement, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to make an Assessment on such Party or Parties either in the same Sums respectively, and to the same Amount, as the said Parties respectively were charged in the lad Assessment of the said Duties fo+ the said Division, or according to the bed of their Judgment, subject to Alteration by Appeal or Surcharge, in the Manner directed by the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Third. — The Fird Assessments to be made of the said Duties or AtfefTmert any of them, for any Year, shall be made according to the* Estimates shall he made or Returns and Assessments mentioned in the preceding Rule, with- without indofiqg out including therein any Matters of Surcharge by the Inspectors or Matters °* Surveyors; which Fird Assessments respectively shall be separately and ^uscharge. dtftin&ly collected, and shall be contained in the fird Duplicates to be delivered to the Collectors and Surveyors for that Year and shall be cplle&ed and levied in Moieties on the Days herein after mentioned; that is to say, One Moiety of the Duties of A defied Taxes, if not xim« rf sooner paid or satisfied according to the Directions of the said Acts CoHfflivn. respectively, shall be collected or levied before the Tenth Day of October, in each Year of Assessment, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter, and the other Moiety thereof before the Fifth Day of jlbrtl following, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter 5 and One Moiety of the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, if not sooner paid or satisfied as aforesaid, shall be collected, levied, or paid before the Fifth Day of January in each Year of Assessment, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter, and the other Moiety thereof before the Fifth Day of July following, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter: Provided always, that nothing*herein contained shall be construed to alter the Times or Propositions at which the said Duties are payable, according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, or in any Way to impeach or afie& the Powers or Provisions of the said Acts for the Recovery of the said Duties at such Times and if such Propositions as are therein prescribed, and the said respective

Duties (halt be deemed payable Quarterly at the Times mentioned in the said Acts, by Four Instalments; and it shall be lawful to de-enand, receive, or levy the same according to the said Acts; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Fourth. — In order that due Time may be given for hearing Ap- Tim? of Delivery peals against such first Assessments, the respective Commi(uoners or Duplicate* of are hereby required and strictly enjoined to deliver, in all Cases relat- FirflAflcffmew*. ing to the Duties of Aflefied Taxes, their First Duplicates thereof to the respective Collectors on or before the Twentieth Day of July in each Year, with Directions to cause publick Notice thereof to be given in the Parish, Ward,or Place to which such Duplicates relate, to which Duplicates in the Hands of such Collectors all Periods interested shall have Access, and may examine the same' at any reasonable Time in the Day-time; and in all Cases relating to the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, the respective Commissioners shall, as and when they shall make an Assessment on any 7 Person

4&t

as to the Time of entering

taw* of hearing Ajgpeals*'

Tune of'.Mivrring Duplicates of lull Assessment.

C.I4I. 48 GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

Person or Persons, caufp a Notice thereof to be given in the Manner directed by the Acts relating to the said last mentioned Duties, to the Party or Parties charged in and by such Assessment within the Space or Three Days after making such Assessment, and so from Time to Time, until all such Assessments shall be made, in which Certificates shall be inserted the Times limited for hearing the Appeals therefrom.

Fifth. — All Appeals against such Fird Assessments shall be entered, and due Notice thereof given within the respective Times herein after limited; that is to say, in all Cases relating to the Duties on Assessed Taxes, within Twenty-eight Days after the Delivery of the Duplicates of the Fird Assessments to the respective Collectors of the Parishes, Wards, or Places, for which such Assessments shall be made; and in all Cases relating to the Duties on Property, Pro-sessions, Trades, and Offices, within Fifteen Days after the Date of the Notice of such Fird Assessment, to the Party or Parties charged therewith.

Sixth. — All Appeals against such Fird Assessments of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, in any Year, shall be heard and determined between the Twentieth Day of August and the Tenth Day of September following; and on such Day or Days within the Time herein limited, as the Commissioners of the Division shall appoint, whereof they are hereby required to give Notice in the Manner in which such Notices have usually been given in the several Parishes, Wards, and Places in their Division; and all Appeals against such Fird Assessments of the Duties bn Property, Profcflions, Trades, and Offices, in any Year, shall be heard and determined as soon after Notice thereof shall be given to the respective Commissioners as conveniently can be done, and for that Purpose the said respective Commissioners, or Two of them at the lead, shall meet together within Eight Days after any such Notice of Appeal shall have been received by them, and so irom Day to Day or from Time to Time, at reasonable Intervals, with or without Adjournment, until all Appeals against such Fird Assessment shall be heard and determined, of which Day or Days of Appeal the said respective Commissioners- shall cause Notice to be given to the respective Appellants; Provided always, that in every Case where the Party assessed shall be prevented from appealing within the Time herein limited, or from attending in Person at the Time limited for hearing the Appeal of such Party by Absence or Sickness, or other sufficient Cauie, to be proved before the respective Commissioners on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of the Party, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners to enter such Appeal after the Time herein limited, or to podpone the hearing thereof for such reasonable Time as shall be necessary, so tha£ no Delay shall be thereby occasioned in the Payment or Collection of the Sums contained in the said Fird Assessment.

Seventh. — The said respective Commissioners shall cause to be delivered to the respective Collectors their Duplicates of the Fird Assessment, including in such Duplicates, as well all such Matters as have been appealedagaind and determined by the said Commissioners, as all such Matters as have been assessed and not appealed against; and all such Duplicates shall be delivered within the respective Times herein after limited5 that is to say, the Duplicates of the Duties of Assessed Taxes on or before the Twentieth Day of September yearly,

and

A.D. 1808.

ft

48° GEO. III. C. 141.

4*s

Cases nor then determined to bn added to First AflaflineitU

Assessment under a Number to b« added to First Assessment, if not paid to Receiver, or into the Bank*

and the Duplicates of the Duties on Property* Profcflions, Trades* and Offices, on or before the Twentieth Jjay of December yearly, to which Duplicates respectively, Warrants shall be annexed for col-ledting the Duties therein contained within the Times respectively before prescribed.

Eighth* — All such Assessments which Audi not have been made on or before the Twentieth Day of September in respe£fc of the Duties of Asseffed Taxes, and the Twentieth Day of December in respe£k of the Duties on Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, or against which any Appeal shall be depending on those Days respectively, shall, on the making or determining the same from Time to Time be added to such First Assessments and to the respective Duplicates thereof; and the Duties therein, or the Moieties thereof which ought to have been previously collected or paid, shall be collected, levied, or paid, on or before such Day or Days as the respective Commissioners shall order by their Warrant annexed to the Duplicates of such added Assessmenta, such Day not being later than Twenty-one Days after the making such Assessment, or determining the Appeal thereon*

Ninth. — Whenever any Assessment of the Duties on Profcflions or Trades shall be made within the Time herein limited, under a Number or Letter the same shall be included in, or from Time to Time added to such First Assessments, and the said Duties shall be paid either into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General or nis Deputy, in the like Propositions as aforesaid, on or before the Day or Days herein appointed for collecting such Duties by the respective Collectors, and the said Commissioners shall direct and order the same to be paid accordingly; and in default of such Payment the said respective Commissioners shall cause the said Assessments to be added to the Duplicates in the Hands of the respective Collectors to whom the Collection of the Duties assessed on Persons by Name shall have been entrusted to be collected, by the same Ways and Methods, and under; the like Powers and Provisions, as such last mentioned Duties are directed to be collected.

No. IV. '

Rules and Directions for making and.collecting the Supplementary Assessments in each Year.

First. — If any Inspe&or or Surveyor shall have surcharged any Time of makiig, Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing for which a Surcharge is Surcharge*, allowed by the Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, it shall be lawful for such Inspector and Surveyor to deliver his or their Certificates of Surcharge, explicitly stating the Particulars in respect*to which such Surcharge has been made to the respective Commissioners in respect of the Duties of Asseffed Taxes, at any Time on or before the Fifteenth Day of December in each Year of Assessment for the whole of such Year and in respect of the Duties on Property,

Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, at auy Time after the Time herein prescribed for making the first Assessments of the said Duties for that /

Year and from Time to Time until the Commissioners shall have completed all the Assessments of their Division for that Year and shall nave delivered, in the Manner dimmed by the said Acts, the Dupli-.cates thereof, and the same shall have been entered of Record in His Majesty's Exchequer, which Certificates of Surcharge shall be figoed and allowed by Two of the respective Commissioners, under the 48 Geo. III. H h Restrictions,

4 66

Time of making Appeals from Surcharges.

Supplementary AflTriTments to Le made on the Surcharges oiler Appeals.

Surp'ementtry AflVflmenca to be paid on the Uft InUalment of the1)uJ?cs on the I urst Aii'efliutnts.

Affrflnients not otupUted within the Time limited, shall he <ollo<ftttl in oue Sum.

Penalty on vexatious Surcharges,©ol. &c.

C. 14T. 48° GEO. III. A D.i8g8.

restrictions, and subjpdl to Appeal under the Conditions prescribed by theiaid Acts respectively. '

Second. — All Appeal* against such Surcharges relating to the Duties of AffiiTed Taxes shall be heard awl determined by the Commissioners of the Division, or any Two or more of them, betweco the Twentieth Day of January and the Twentieth Day of February following; and all Appeals against such Surcharges relating to lh? Duties on Property, Profclfioi.s, Trades, and Offices shall be beard and determined according to the Directions of this Act before prescribed, in respect oT Appeals against the First AssessiVients of tb: same Duties by the respective Commissioners: Provided always, that in every Case where the Party surcharged shall have been prevented by Absence or Sickness, or other sufficient-Cause, to he proved b?-fore the respective Commissioners on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of the said Party, from appealing within the Time herein limited, or from attending in Person at the Time limited for hearing Appeals, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners to enter such Appeal after the Time herein limited, or to postpone the hear-ingt hereof for such reasonable Time as may be necessary.

Third. — The said Certificates of Surcharge, amended according to the Determination of the respective Commissioners, shall be a sufficieU Authority to them, and they are hereby required to cause Supplementary Assessments to be made out of the said Duties respectiveh, including therein all Matters so surcharged, as well such Matters as have not been appealed against, as the Matters determined by the said Commissioners, which Matters shall be fcvcpally charged To the said Duties respectively, according to the said Certificates of Surcharge, amended, in Cases requiring Amendment, according to the Determination of the said Commissioners, and also including therein the Double Duties or Moieties, or Parts thereof assessed, over and above the Rates of Duty prescribed by the said Acts respectively, and aho all Fines and Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons by the said respective Commissioners-within the Year of Assessment for Offences committed against the said Acts or this Act 5 which Double Dutks or Moieties, or Parts thereof, and Penalties, shall severally and re-ipeclively be added to such Supplementary Assessments, and be collected therewith.

Fourth. — The Duties and Sums of Money contained in the Supplementary Assessments of pach Year, which shall be completed within the Time herein limited, shall, if not sooner paid or satisfied according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, be collected and levied at the respective Times herein-before appointed for Payment of the last Instalmer.t of the Duties contained in the First Assessments of the said £)uties respectively for that Year and each Assessment thereof shall be collected, levied, or paid in One Sum. '

Fifth.!- — In all Cases where the said Duties, or any of them, shall not have been ascertained and assessed before the respective Days appointed by this Act for payment for the last Instalment thereof, the same respectively shall imd maybe assessed from Time to Time, until a complete Assessment be made, and shall be collected, levied, or paid in oue Sum within Twenty-one Days after Notice of the Amount contained in the Assessment thereof.'

Sixth. — If any Inspector or Surveyor shall wilfully make any falft and vexatious Surcharge of any of the Duties contained in any of the said

A*D#j 8oft«

4&& GEO. III. C. 141. 4^7

said Acts, or shall wilfully deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the respective Commissioners for executing the said ACU or any of them, any false and vexatious Certificate of Surcharge of any of the said Duties, every such Inspector or Surveyor shall be liable to forfeit to the "Party aggrieved any Sum not excedin£ One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Sum claimed by such Surcharge, over and above the Rate of Duty charged by the said ACh respectively, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and in the Court of Great Sessions for Offences committed in Wales with full Costs of Suit 5 and it shall be lawful for the Party aggrieved to sue either for the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or for the said Treble Value tinder th\s Aat his or her Election; and it shall also be lawful for the Judge before whom such 'Inspector or Surveyor shall have been convicted of such Offence in any such Suit, either for the said Penalty or Treble Value, or, any Part thereof, by Indorsement on the Postea, or for the Court before whom such Inspector or Surveyor shall be convicted, by Entry on the Record, to certify his or their Satisfaction with such Conviction; and in every such Case the said Certificate shall be an Authority to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby required to cause to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Division wherein such Conviction was had, out of any Monies of the said Duties respectively in his Hands, such reasonable Expences as the Plaintiff shall have incurred, over and above the Costs of Suit as aforesaid, the Amount thereof being cer- _ tided by the proper Officer for taxing Costs of the Court in which such Suit shall be commenced, to have been necessarily expended, and allowed by such Officer a3 between Attorney and Client $ and every such Inspector or Surveyor shall, after such Conviction, be dfeharged from his Employment.

No. V.

Rules and Directions for paying to the Receiver General, and accounting for the Duties received by the Collectors.

First: — The several Collectors shall pay to the Receiver* General Collectors fhtft or his Deputy, all Monies of the said respective Duties which the Py the Duties said Collectors shall have received or levied, by virtue of any of the next

Acts herein mentioned, on the respective Days herein appointed for ^coynt'twice Payment of the said Duties or any of them, next after their Receipt each Yaar. of the same, and shall, twice in, each Year, account with such Receiver General or his Deputy in the Manner herein after mentioned, for all such Duties; that is to say, for the Duties of Assessed Taxes, the said Collectors shall pay or account for One entire Moiety there'of on the Day to be appointed next after the Tenth Day ot QBober, and the Remainder thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of Abril in each Year and for the Duties on Property, Profeffiofts, Trades, and Offices, the said Collectors shall pay or account for One entire Moiety thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of January in each Year and the Remainder thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of July following; on which lait mentioned Days appointed for Payment to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, of the said respective Duties, videlicet, on the Day appointed next after the

46*

Receipt* shall be given for each such Payment.

In Default of paying the full Amount, a 'Schedule of Arraus shall be gives.

Certificate of -

such Schedule shall be Ground efProcd*.

Schedule ApH remain with Commissionert fora certain Tune, during which Com*.midinnen may levy Wamuta.

C» i^i* 48° GEO. in A*D« 1809f

Fifth Day of jifiril yearly, for the Payment of the lad Moiety of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and on the Day appointed next after the Fifth Day of July yearly, for Payment of the lad Moiety of the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, the full and entire Amount of Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money contained in the said Supplementary Assessments of the said respective Duties, shall also be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, or accounted for to him or them in the Manner herein after directed; for which Payments, the said Receiver General or his Deputy shall give to such Collectors Receipts in Writing, distinguishing the Amounts received for the Duties on Assessed Taxes from the Amount ^received for the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, and from all other Duties payable to His Majesty, and for which Receipts no Stamp Duty shall be charged or chargeable, any Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided that if any Collector or Collectors shall not at or before the respective Times hereinbefore limited, have received or levied the said respective Duties, or shall not then account to the Receiver General or his Deputy for the same, in the Propositions before directed, he or they shall deliver to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, at the respective Times appointed for such Payments, or to the Commissioners of the Divi-fiou, within Three Days after the nespective Times aforesaid, a Schedule in Writing, signed by such Collector or Collectors, containing the Christian and Surname of each Defaulter, and the respective Sum8 then in Arrear from each such Defaulter, with an Affidavit subscribed, to be made on the Oath or Affirmation of the said Collector or Collectors (which Oath or Affirmation may be taken before any One Commissioner of the Division) that the several Sums contained in the said Schedule have been demanded from, and are due and wholly unpaid from the respective Persons charged therewith, either to such Collector or Collectors, or to any other Person or Persons for such Collector or Collectors, to the belt of his or their Knowledge and Belief.

Second.- — Every such Schedule, being certified under the Hand of i the Receiver General or his Deputy of the County or Division where the said Arrears accrued to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster* shall be received and taken as sufficient Evidence oi a Debt due to His Majesty, and shall be a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any One of them, to cause Pnocefs to be issued against such Defaulter named in the said Schedules, to levy the whole Sum in Arrear and unpaid by such Defaulter; and the Sheriff pr other Officer to whom the said Process shall be directed, shall, without Delay, cause the whole Sum in Arrtar to be levied by due Course of Law as a Debt to His Majesty on Record, with all Costs and Expences attending the same, and shall pay thfc Monies so levied, after deducting the said Costs and Expences, to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, and shall make Return of the said Process to the said Court, according to the due Course thereof: Provided that every such Schedule shall remain with the Commissioners of the Division for the Space of Forty Days before the Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such Court, during which Period of Forty Days every such Collector shall give due Notice of such Schedule to the several Defaulters named therein, in such Manner as the said, respective Commissioners shall direct, on pain that every Collector neglecting so to do

48° GEO. III. C. 141. 469,

shall forfeit the like Penalty as is imposed on Collectors by the said federal Acts, or any of them, in other Cases of Neglect of Duty} and it shall be lawful for every such Defaulter within the like Period to pay his or her Arrears to the said Collector or Collectors, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Commissioners to discharge the Arrears fp paid from the said Schedule; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall see Cause, to issue fresh Warrants to collect the said Arrears, or any of them, within the said Period of Forty Days, apd during that Period to use all or any the Means or Methods prescribed by the several Acts relating to the said respective Duties, for the Recovery of the said Arrears, or direct the said - Arrears to be levied by the respective Collectors under their former Warrant, as shall be most expedient; and all Warrants to be issued for that Purpose may be directed either to the said Collectors, or to the High Constable, Constables, or other Peace Officers, within the Limits of their Division, or any one or more of them, or to any other Person or Persons whom the said Commissioners shall think proper, with Authority to levy by Distref8 and Sale, in the Manner directed by the said Acts respectively, the Sums ia Arrear, together with all Costs and Expences attending the said Process and the Execution thereof; and the Sums so levied, after deducing the said Coils and Expences, shall be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, at such Time and Place as the said Receiver General shall appoint, and shall be discharged from the said Schedule; and all High Con-Rabies, Con {tables, and other Peace Officers, within the said Division,

shall act in Obedience to the Directions of the said Commissioners, and shall execute all such Orders and Process as shall he to them or any of them directed, for the Recovery of the said Arrears: Provided also, that when the Commissioners of the Division shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes any reasonable Cause for Non-payment of, or for not proceeding to levy any Part of the y

said Arrears included in the said Schedule, and that they have good Reason to believe the same will be paid within a reasonable Time, to be dated in such Certificate, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Division to retain the said Schedule in their Hands, for such further Time as shall be necessary, and as shall be mentioned in their aforesaid Certificate. '

Third. — tin default of such Schedule being delivered within the Id Default of Space of Three Days as aforesaid, either to the Receiver General or such Schedule, his Deputy, or to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Recei*wG«l Receiver General, to whom the Payments of the said Duties shall not have been made in the Propositions herein prescribed, and at the Time* above mentioned, and he is hereby required to certify to the fsrid Court of Exchequer the Amount of the Duties remaining unpaid to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, and the particular Ward,

Parish, or Place^ and the Division where such Failure hath happened, together with the Names of the Collectors of the said Partfh, Ward* or Place; and such Certificate under the Hand of such Receiver General or his Deputy, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any one of them, to cause Process by way of Dtflringas to be issued out of such Court against the said Collector or Collectors, upon which Writ of Dtfirtngat the Sheriff or other Officer so whom the said Process shall be directed, shall return such Issues

Hh j from

A.D. 180S.

Surveyor flail attend Receiver General at his Receipt.

Payment of Duties to Receiver General, where the Arrears have been levied.

Colleton advancing Duties empowered to levy the Sum paid.

Commencement of preceding Rules Dec. 41, ISOf.

No Lift of any Article forehanded shall be acquired, if proveci to he returned before the Date of the Notice.

C. 141. 48° GEO. III.

from Time to Time as such Court or* Baron shall order, until a Return of such Schedule and Arrears shall have been made to the said Court, and immediate Process shall thereupon issue for levying the said Arrears out of and under the Seal of such Court, which Levy shall not be remitted unless all the said Duties in Arrear shall be paid or satisfied before the Return of such Process.

Fourth. — On each Half-yearly Day of Payment, as herein is directed, the Surveyor of the District shall, on Notice thereof from the Receiver General or his Deputy, attend with such of the Duplicates of Assessment as shall have been delivered to him, and as shall be required by the said Received General or his Deputy, and shall assist him or them in adjusting the Accounts of Payments and of Arrears, and shall also assist the Collectors in making out their Schedules of Arrears to the bed of his Judgment.

Fifth. — The Duties contained iu any Schedule of Arrears, as aforesaid, which shall be paid to such Collector or Collectors within the Period of Forty Days before-mentioned, or within such further Period as shall have been dated in the Certificate of the Commissioners for the Retention of such Schedule as before mentioned, shall he paid over to such Receiver General or his Deputy, at such Time and Place as the said Receiver General shall appoint.

Sixth. — Whenever any Colie dor or Collectors shall have advanced and paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy any Sum of Money.for or on account of the puties assessed on any other Person or Persons, whether at his or their Request or not, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, in default of Repayment to him or them at any Time within the Space of Six Calender Months after such Payment, to levy the said Duties by the like Ways and Methods, as such Collector or Collectors might have levied the same before such Payment thereof to such Receiver General or lus Deputy, and as if such Duties had not been paid or satisfied.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, as to all Matters contained in the Rules of the preceding Clause, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, in respect of all Assessments to be made for any Year after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine.

III. And be it further enacted, That in Cases of Surcharge under the said Acts relating to the Duties of A defied Taxes, no Lift, Affidavit, or Oath ffiaU be required of any Article, Matter, or Thing which the Party surcharged shall prove to the Satisfaction of thC Commissioners of Appeal to have been duly returned before the Date of the said Notice, in any List delivered by the said Party for the Year for 'which such Surcharge rhail he made; and either the said Return, or a Certificate thereof, signed by Two Commissioners of the Division where the Return shall be made, shall be received con-clufively as Proof thereof; and the Return or Returns required by the said Acts shall be deemed full, perfect, and complete Returns, if the amended Return, together with the Return before made, shall include all Articles, Matters, and Things for which the Party so Surcharged shall he chargeable; and no Person shall be liable'to Surcharge ror any Article, Matter, or Thing before returned by him or her, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts or of this Act,

IV. And be it further enacted, That when the Commissioners of any Division shall have fixed the Day or Days of Appeal against the Surcharges made by any Inspector or Surveyor, under the said Acts or any of them, and shall have caused due Notice thereof to be given, according to the Directions of the said Acts, and the said Inspector or Surveyor having like Notice thereof, shall wilfully neglect to attend the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, held in pursuance of such Notices, whereby the Commissioners shall be prevented in proceeding to hear such Appeals, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allo'w to each Appellant attending such Meeting, a reasonable Compensation for such Attendance, to be settled by the said Commissioners, and paid to such Appellants respectively by the Receiver General of the said Duties, or his Deputy, on the Production of the Certificates of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, testifying such Allowance.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time to constitute and appoint, for England and Wales, such Person or Persons, not exceeding Ten in Number at any one Time, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer. for the Time being, shall think proper to be Inspectors General for the special Purposjs of this Act, herein after fpceified and declared; and to allow to such Inspectors General such reasonable Salaries, Charges, an^l Expences, as may be necessary for their Pains in executing $his Act in the several Particular? herein after mentioned; and no Person to be appointed Inspector General under this Act shall be entitled to amend* any Assessment made under the said Acts, or to surcharge any Person or Persons in respect thereof; nor shall any such Person have or receive or claim any Advantage or Emolument from any Assessment or Surcharge to be jnadc under any of the said Acts, nor any other Emolument thao the Salary and Allowance authorised by His Majesty, the Commissioners of the Treasury, $r the High Treasurer as aforesaid.

The Powers to be vested in the Inspectors General.

First. — - It shall be lawful for such Inspectors General to visit from Time to Time each Inspector and Surveyor acting in the Execution of the several Acts relating as well to the Duties of Assessed Taxes a? the said Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, within the Limits of the Circuit for which such Tnfpeftor General shaft be appointed, and to examine all or any of the Books and Assessments, and Duplicates, or Certificates of Assessment or Surcharge in thp Hands or Power of such Inspector or Surveyor; and also to enquire into the Conduct of every such Inspector and Surveyor in the Execution of their respective Offices, and into their Fitness and Capacity to execute the same, and to report from Time to Time on the ieveial Matters aforesaid to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and every such Inspector and Surveyor shall attend such Inspector General at such Time and at such Place, within the District of such In-, speftor and Surveyor, as. tbfe said Inspector General shall appoint, and shall have givep Three Days 'Notice of, to such Inspector or Surveyor.

Penalty on

Inspector* and Surveyor* nrglefting to attend Mealing* of ilieCon.^ missioneis.

His Majesty or the Treasury may ap]X)int Ten Persons to be Inspector* General, and allow them Silanes, &c.

Their Povci?.

To visit Inspector* and Surveyor*.

47*

To ftdminiiter an Oath to lufpe&ors and Surveyors.

Inspector General may

report to Commi!finr.ers of Division. t

In certain Instance*, a Case may be.tnmsmitted to Commissioncn lor Taxes.

C. 141, 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

Second. — It shall be lawful for every such Inspector General, to administer to any such Inspector or Surveyor, whenever he shall see Occasion to examine him or them in any Matter touching the Execution of the said Acts, an Oath that he shall true Answer make to all such Questions as shall be demanded of him; and the Subdance of such Answer or Answers as such Inspector or Surveyor shall give, shall in his Presence be reduced into Writing, and read to him, with Liberty to alter or amend the same in any Particular; and he shall sign his Assent to the same in his own Name, and in his usual Manner of Writing or signing the same.

Third. — It shall be lawful for every such Inspector General as aforesaid, whenever he shall see Occasion, to report to the Commissioners of the Division on any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of the said Acts or this Act in relation to any A^inent or Assessments in such Division, or touching the Conduit of any Clerk to such Commissioners, or of any Affeuor or Collector appointed under the said Alts or this Act, together with the Opinion of such Inspector General thereon; and every such Inspector General (haQ transmit a Duplicate of such last mentioned Reports, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and whenever any Inspector General shall have reported to the Commissioners of any Division, any such Matter or Thing which, in the Opinion of such Inspector General, shall require the particular Consideration of the Commissioners of such Division, it mall be lawful for them to hold a Meeting for that Purpose, and they are hereby required to hold such Meeting within a reasonable Time after such Report, at which Meeting, such Inspector General may attend for the Purpose of explaining the Matter or Matters contained in the said Report, and of fuggeding for their Consideration the Propriety of adopting such Order or Orders as may be agreed upon by the major Part of the Commissioners of such Pivision who (halt be present at such Meeting.

Fourth. — If any Inspector General as aforesaid, or any Commissione? for the Division, who shall have been present at any Meeting of Commissioners at which the Report of such Inspector General shall have been taken into Consideration as aforesaid, shall apprehend the Determination made by the Commissioners at such Meeting on the said Report, or any of the Matters therein contained, to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Alts relating to the feud*Duties respectively, or any of the said Acts, it shall he lawful to and for such Inspector General, and to and for any One or more of the Commissioners for the Division, present at the Time of such Determination respectively, to require a Case to be prepared, and signed by the said Commissioners for the Division; in which Case the said Commissioners shall date specially the Part or Parts of the Report of the said Inspector General, and the Fads on which the Quedion arose, together with their Determination thereupon, and any other Circumstances influencing the said Commissioners in such their Determination, and which Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to date and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who diall forthwith submit the same to the Judges of the Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Judges, or any Two or more of them, are hereby required, with all convenient Spee^, to return an Answer to such Calc fp transenitted, with their Opinion

A.D. 1808.

4S° GSO. Ill

C. 141.

47J

thereon subscribed thereto, and what ought under all Circumstances to he done therein, according to which Opinion and Directions so certified, the Determination of the Commissioners which shall have been so objected to, and which shall be stated in such Case, shall be confirmed, reversed, altered, or amended, a* the Case may require, and if any Assessments shall be depending on such Determination of the said Commissioners, the same shall also be altered or confirmed according to the said Opinion.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of this Act herein-before contained shall be construed to Scotland.

' extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in estimating and assessing Annual Lands held for a longer Period than Seven Years by any Tenant or Tenantries Tenants under a Demise from Year to Year, or at Will, to the bftiw*

Duties granted by the said last mentioned Acts on the Profits of !|"JJ f* VPW* Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, the same shall be estimated the Tax^n and assessed throughout Great Britain1 at the annual Value thereof. Property by the unless the Tenant or Tenants shall shew and prove to the Satisfaction Value of the Commissioners of the Division acting in Execution of the said last mentioned Acts, that the same Lands are held under a Demise which commenced by Agreement made, and a Rent fixed, within the Period of Seven Years, on the Determination of the former Demise9thereof by due Notice within the said Period.

VIII.*And whereas Doubts have arisen under the said last meo*>

tioned Act as to the Manner of estimating and charging the Duty on the Profits arising from Lands occupied as Gardens or Nurseries,

or for the Growth of PJops; 9 be it further enacted and declared,

That the Profits arising from such Lands shall be estimated through- of

out Great Britain, according to the Rules contained in Schedule (D.) charts Norfeiy of the said Act, and the Duty shall be charged at the Rate contained Gardens and in the said Schedule; and that when the said Duty shall have been so Hop Grounds, ^feertained, the same shall be charged with the Duties in Schedule (B.) as Profits arising from the Occupation of Lands.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Produce of or Foreign Profits the Profits or Gains arising from Foreign PofL'flions or Foreign Se- win-re to be curities, or from Possessions or Securities in any of His Majesty's assessed. Dominions out of Great Britain, shall have been partly imported, into

the Port of London and partly into any of the Out-ports of £ri/lol9

Liverpool, or Glasgow, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, or shall have been received by any Person or Persons partly in the City of London and partly in any of the said Out-ports within the Period of making up the Account on which the Duty is chargeable by the said last mentioned Act, according to the Rules therein contained, the Whole of the Duty chargeable under the said Act in respect of such Produce, or such Profits or Gains so imported or received, shall be assessed and charged fry the Commissioners acting for the said City of London, and not elsewhere, and as if the Whole of the said Produce, or the said Profits or Gains arising within the said Period, had. been imported into or received in London; and whenever such Produce, or such Profits or Gains arising as aforesaid, shall have been.within such Period wholly imported into or received at the Outports of BrijlolLiverpool, or Glasgov), and different Parts thereof, shall frave been imported into or received at Two or more of such Out-

poru.

474 G. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 18q3*

ports, the Duty chargeable thereon shall be assessed and charged at on« of such Places only, and in one Account, and at such of the said Place*. at which the major Part in Value of such Produce, or Profits, or

Gains, shall have been so imported or received; provided that the Statements of such Produce, Profits, or Gains, shall be delivered to the Commissioners aciing for each Place at which any Part of the said Produce, or Profits, or Gains, shall have been so imported or received, and transmitted by the respective Commissioners to the Office for Taxes v in Scmcrfet House; and the Commissioners there shall cause all such Statements to lie, sent to the Commissioners acting for the Place, where the Duty thereon shall appear, by such Statements, to be chargeable according to this Act, who shall accordingly assess the same in one Sum.

IVofiti tridn^ X. And be it further enacted, That the Profits arising from the limn the London Docks called The London Docks aftd IVtJl India Docks respectively, Dwksana \\eft situate in tir. County of Middless: c, shall be assessed by the Commis-Wnflefi^dLy-the sioners acting so. die City of London, under the said Act for granting Commissioim Duties arising

ssul'I t»lL Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades, and £» London. Offices, so long as the general Accounts of the said respective Dock* shall be made up within the said City.

The Profits of

XI. And be it further enacted, That where the principal Officer* CorprmueOfficCT* under any Corporation shall not have appointed commissioners for ftaQ be afiefftd assessing the Officers of such Corporation, and returned the fame'to the Ddlria the Office' for. Taxes for the several Years elapsed during the Con-wh^Tno> ler* tinuance of the said last mentioned Act, prior to the Sixth Day of 'Appointment of Jkpril One thousand eight hundred and eight, or where such Com* Commissioners missioners may have been appointed, but shall not have acted in the has been made. Execution of the said Act before the Sixth Day of April One ^lc thousand eight hundred and eight, then and in every such Case, the

fcttvTnot adied. ^ut^es chargeable under the said Act, in respect of any Office or Offices held u:der such Corporation within Great Britain shall, during the Continuance of the said Act, be assessed and charged by the Commissioners acting for the Division where the said Office* shall be exercised, and not in the Department of Office; and no Appointment of Commissioners in such Department, made or to be made,

shall be valid as to any Assessment to be made after the said Fifth

Day of jlpril One thousand eight hundred and eight, for any Year

iince the puffing of the said Act.

Ccrfu'm Plao«

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several

ftmll be assessed Parishes and Places, or Parts of Parishec or Places, set down in the

according to First Column of the following Schedule, and which have been here-Schedute to fore charged to the said respective Duties or either of them, in the

u*respective Divisions mentioned in the Second Column of the said

Schedule, and set opposite thereto respectively, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged to the said respective Duties in the Divisions, and shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, and Persons acting under them, and to the Inspectors and Surveyors of the Division mentioned in the Third Column of the said Schedule, and set opposite tJwrcto respectively.

SCHE.

7S

AtD» z8pS« 48° GEO. III. C.i4i|i4i*

SCHEDULE referred to by the above Gause.

Description of Parities or Plate*.

Part of the Parish ofl Wokington, htuate f in the Counties of f Berks and Wilts J

Part of the Parish and Y Town of Morpeth, ( in the County of ( Northumberland )

Part of the Parish of Gillingham, in the County of Kent, called The Grange, Parcel of the Liberty of Hailings, in the County of Suifex

Bulhton, Part of the j Parish of Cleeve Py- f hard in the County of Wilts -

Little Hinton in thel County of Wilts. J

Wroughtoa in the 1 County of Wilts*J

Heretofore charged in.

Hundred of Amesbury, Wiltshire.

CaMeward,

Northumberland.

Hereafter to 1* charged in*1

Hundred of Sonning, Berkshire.

Morpdth Ward, Not thumberland.

Town and Port of Rochester Division,

Hastings, County of Sussex, and Liberty thereof.

Hundred of Elftub and Everley, Wiltshire.

The same. The same.

Part of the Lathe of Ford, County of Kent.

Hundred of Kings-bridge, Wiltshire.

The same. The same.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Exception*, in this Act shall be conilrucd to extend to any of the Cases herein after specified; (that is to say)

First. — To_the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Thirty- Land Tax,eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Way of a as G*0m t# Land Tax.

Second. — To the Duties granted, or to be granted, by any Act or Petitions, c. Acts of Parliament for One Year, for the Service of such Year.

Act may be altered this Session. §14. Commencement of the Act*

where other Provision is not made, 5th April 1808. §15."

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to grant Life Annuities.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS by several Acts passed in the Reign of His present Majesty,

vide Hat, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year f of His Majesty, intituled An Act for voting certain Sums in Com-

mtfjionejrs

atKi.3. c. 31.

47<*

C. 142.

A.D. 1808.

aG. 3. c. 55.

42 G. 3. c. 71.

Commiflkmert for Ueduction of National Debt empowered to accept Transfers for the Purchase of Life Annuities.

Allowing the Nomination of Lives.

48° GEO. III.

mtjjtoners at tie End of every Quarter of a Tear* to be by them applied to the Reduction of tip National Debt; an Act passed in the Thirtysecond Year of His Majesty, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign*

intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to dire3 the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, in case of future Loans; and

an Act passed in the Forty.second Year of His Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* for the ReduSion of the National Debt; certain Provisions were made for the Establishment and Regulation of the Funds therein created or directed to be created for the Redemption of the National Debt commonly called The Minting Fund: And whereas it would tend to a more speedy and efficient Reduction of the National Debt,

4 if the Commissioners for the Reduction of the said Debt were enabled,

under certain Limitations and Restrictions, to grant Life Annuities,

charged upon and payable out of the Funds created as aforesaid for the Redemption of the National Debt, in consideration of the Transfer to them of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities; and it is therefore expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Acts, relating to the Redemption of tire National Debt, should be varied and amended in so far as may be necessary for carrying the said Measure into effect, and as herein after expressed; Be it therefore enacted by the King>a most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ' and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at any Time from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, to accept and receive from any Person or Penons whomsoever, the Transfer of any Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities, to be charged Upon and payable out of the Funds created as aforesaid, for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called The Sinking Fund* either on the Continuance of single Lives, or on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, in the Manner and under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Regulations herein after expressed; Provided always, that if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such Transfers cannot conveniently be received until after some Day subsequent to the said First Day of August, it shall be lawful for them to appoint some other Day after the said First Day of August, and prior to the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighty giving Notice in the London Gazette of the Day so appointed by them, after which such Transfers may be received.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person who shall be desirous of purchasing under the Provisions of this Act, a Life Annuity on the Continuance of a single Life, mall be at Liberty to name any Person to be the Nominee, on the Continuance of whole Life the said Annuity is to depend; and all and

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 142. 477

every Persons or Person who shall be desirous of purchasing a Life Annuity on the Continuance of the Lives of Two Persons, and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, shall be at Liberty to name any Two Persons to be the Nominees, On the Continuance of whose Lives and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, the said Annuity is to depend: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent Persons purchasing Life Annuities under this Act, from naming themselves respectively to be the Persons on the Continuance of whose Lives such Life Annuities respectively are to depend.

[Age of Nominees.]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to name any Person to be a Nominee, either for an Annuity on the Continuance of a single Life, or for an Annuity on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, who shall be under the Age of Thirty five Years at the Time of such Nomination:

[Their Residence.]

Provided also, that no Person who shall not be a Native of, and resident in, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall be capable of being the Nominee in respect of any Life Annuity which shall be purchased by or on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons,

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Bank Annuities shall be permitted to be transferred to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of any Life Annuity under the Provisions of this Act, a Declaration in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.) shall be signed by the Person or One of the Persons desirous of purchasing such Annuity, or by foine Person on his, her, or their Behalf, and be delivered to the Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; and in case the Nomiuee or Nominees on whose Life or Lives such Annuity is intended to be purchased, shall have been born in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, there shall «dfo be produced to the said Officer a true Copy of the Regiiler of the Birth or Baptism of such Nominee (or of each of such Nominees in case there shall be Two) and also a Certificate of the same under the Hand of the Minister of the Parish or Place where such Regiiler shall be kept, or in the Absence of the Miniiler then a Certificate (wherein such Absence shall be specified) under the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or Place, or any Two of them, to be attested in both Cases by Two or more credible Witnesses, certifying that such Copy of the Register is a true Copy 5 to

which Certificate shall also be annexed an Affidavit of the said Witnesses who atteiled the Execution thereof, or One of them, or their, his, or her solemn Affirmation (in case they or either of them shall be of the Persuasion called Quakers) to be made before any Juilicc of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, City, Riding, Town, or Place wherein the Place of the Birth or Baptism of any such Nominee shall be situate, if iu England or Scotland, or if in Ireland, then before One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, that such Witness or Witnesses did examine and compare the said Copy of the Regiiler of Birth or Baptism with the Regiiler thereof, and did fee such Miniiler, or Churchwardens and Overseers (as the Case may be) sign the said Certificate, and that the Names of such Witnesses are of their own proper Hand Writing j and to the said Certificate shall also be annexed au Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made by the Purchaser of the said

Annuity

TVrvioofly to TmnalVr, Parties shall make Declaration i« Form.

Schedule (A), a\i«i jmxJuce Certificates of Age of

Nominees, &c. to au Officer appointed for tli&t Purpose*

Affidavit of

ldtiiuty.

A.D. 180£.

47*

C. 142.

48° GEO. Jir.

Ifken Certificates cannot 1 e produced, Proof may be admitted by Affidavits.

Annuity (or t>y One of the Purchasers in case there shall be Two or more) or by same Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, if in England or Scotland, or if in Ireland then before any One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, that the Person named and described in the Copy or Certificate of the Register of Birth or Baptism produced to the said Officer, is the same Person who is appointed to he such Nominee: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Copy or Certificate so produced, shall purport to be a Copy or Certificate of the Register of the Baptism only, and not of the Birth of the Nominee, the Age of such Nominee shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be calculated from the Date of such Baptism, and the Amount of the Annuity to be purchased on his or her Life shall be estimated and ascertaijied in like Manner, in all Respects, as if such Nominee had been born on the Day expressed in the said Copy or Certificate to be the Day of his or her Baptism.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case'any Nominee (being also the Person by* whom or on whose Behalf an Annuity shall be purchased) shall not be a Native of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in case the Birth or Baptism of any Nominee (being a Native of the United Kingdom) shall not appear in the Register of the Parish where finch Nominee shall have been born or baptised, then and in every fiuch Case there shall be produced to

' the said Officer (in lieu of such Certificates and Affidavit? as aforesaid) an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation in Writing of the Age of fuen Nominee, together With his or her Name, Surname, Addition, and Employment, or Occupation (if any) and Place of Abode; and also the Place of his or her Birth, and the Names of his or her Parents, or reputed Parents, and also that the Person named and described in such Affidavit is the same Person who is appointed to be fuph Nominee, which Affidavit or solemn Affirmation shall be made by such Nominee, or by the Person or by one of the Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, or by some other Per-(bn having Knowledge of the several Circumstances before-mentioned, in which latter Case the said Affidavit shall also be accompanied by an Affidavit, to be made by the Person or one of the Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, that the Contents of such last mentioned Affidavit are, to the bell of his or her Knowledge and Belief true; which said Affidavits respectively shall be taken before One or more of the Judges of any of His MaT jesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if in England; or if in Scotland or Ireland, then before One or more of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively; and' if such Nominee shall be a Native of Great Britain or Ireland, then in such Affidavit shall klfo be stated the Cause why a Certificate of the Copy of the Register of his or her Birth1 or Baptism cannot be produced.

[Average Frires of Stock* shall be dfily made out and transmitted to the Officer of the Company.]

VI. And, for ascertaining the average Price of Bank Annuities according to which the Amount of Life Annuities purchased under the Provisions of this Act is to be regulated; be it further enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to cause an Account to be made out of the average Price at which Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Three Pounds per Centum

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 142. 479

Reduced Bank Annuities respectively shall have been bought on such Day (or in case only One of such Stocks shall have been, bought, then the average Price of such of the said Stocks as shall have been bought on that Day) which Account shall be transmitted to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enabling him to ascertain and certify in the Manner herein after directed, the respective Amounts of the Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, and shall be put up in some conspicuous Place of his Office, in order that the same may be seen by all Persons desirous of ascertaining the Price at which Stock may be transferred for the Purchase of Life Annuities.

[On producing

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Officer, that the Certificates and Affidavits so produced to him as aforesaid are conformable to the Directions of this Act, he shall thereupon ascertain the Amount of the Life Annuity to be payable in respect of the Bank Annuities proposed to be transferred for the Purchase thereof, and grant his Certificate in the Form expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.), and shall transmit to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England a Duplicate of such Certificate; and upon the Production and Delivery at the Bank of England of the said Certificate granted to the Party by the said Officer, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of the Bank Annuities to be transferred as the Consideration for the Purchase of the Life Annuity, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or the Person producing the said Certificate on his, her, or their Behalf, shall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from one of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England acknowledging such Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt one of such Cashiers is hereby required to give in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.), and which shall be an Acquittance or Discharge for the Stock so transferred: Provided always, that no Certificate granted by the said Officer, shall be valid and effectual to enable the Transfer of any Bank Annuities under the Provisions of this Act, after the Expiration of Five Days from the Date of such Certificate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Purvhiifenof such Bank Annuities shall be transferred as the Consideration for the Life Aunumr# Purchase of an Annuity on the Continuance of a iingle Life, the on Person or Persons purchasing such Life Annuity shall, on the Transfer

of the said Bank Annuities to the said Commissioners, be entitled, according to the Age of his, her, or their Nominee, and the average Schedule (D.) Price (to be ascertained as herein-before is directed) of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities (if the Transfer shall be made in that Stock, or if the Transfer shall be njade in Three Ponnds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, then according to the average Price of that' Stock) on the Day next preceding the Day of the Date of the Certificate to be granted by such Officer as aforesaid (in case there shall have been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Description as that transferred for the Purchase of the Annuity on such next preceding Day, or otherwise on the neared preceding Day bn which there shall have, been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England of Stock of the like De-

feription) to receive, during the Continuance of the Life of such Nominee (whether the Person or one of the Persons purchasing such

Annuity

48a

A.D. 180&.

stareWrTJof Life Annuities ma the Con-fmuanct of Two Limes shall be entitled to die Annuities faceted in

Sclrtjtiule (E.)

Annuities shall be accepted in the Bank Booka.

Preventing

Frat&ions,

Annuitants may tnake further Purchases on Lives of original Nominees, without fresh Certificates.

C. 142* 48° GEO. III.

Annuity (Kali be the Nominee or not) for every One hundred Pounds of such Bank Annuities, and so in proposition for any greater Sum than One hundred Pounds transferred to the said Commissioners, a Life Annuity of such annual Amount as is specified in the Table in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (D.)

IX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Bank Annuities shall be transferred as the Consideration for the Purchase of an Annuity on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, the Person or Persons purchasing such Life Annuity, shall, on the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities to the said Commissioners, be entitled, according to the Ages of his, her, or their respective Nominees, and the average Price (to be ascertained as herein-before is directed) of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities (if the Transfer shall be made in that Stock, or if the Transfer shall be made in Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, then according to the average Price of that Stock) on the Day next preceding the Day of the Date of the Certificate to be granted by such Officer as aforesaid (in case there shall have been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Description as that transferred for the Purchase of the Annuity on such next preceding Day, or otherwise on the neared preceding Day on which there shall have been any Sale or Purchase at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Description) to receive during the Continuance of the Lives of such Tyro Nominees, and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, (whether the Persons pr Person, or one of the Persons purchasing such Annuity, shall be the (Nominees or one of the Nominees or not) for every One hundred Pounds of such Bank Annuities, and so in proposition for any greater Sum than One hundred Pounds transferred to the said Comniiiuoners, a Life Annuity of such annual Amount as is specified in the Tables in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (E.)

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Life Annuity so purchased as aforesaid, shall be accepted at the Bank of England by the Person or Persons purchasing the same, or by some other Person or Persons duly authorised on his, her, dr their Behalf, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to receive the same.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to transfer for the Purchase of a Life Annuity any less Sum than One hundred Pounds, nor any'fra&ional Part lets than One Pound of such Bank Annuities: Provided also, that in every Case where the Calculation of the Amount of any Life Annuity, according to the ProvilPns of this Act, shall produce a Fra&ion less than Sixpence, the fra&ional Part of the said Annuity less than Sixpence shall be taken from the Amount thereof, and shall not be inserted in the Certificate to be granted by the said Officer, or be payable at; the Bank of England.

XII. Provided also, and be it further cuacted, That whenever any Person or Persons who shall have purchased an Annuity for the Life or Lives of any Nominee or Nominees, shall be afterwards desirous of purchasing any further Annuity or Annuities on the Life or Lives of the same Nomineee or Nominees, the original Certificates and Affidavits produced at the Time of the Purchase of the first Annuity, shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, and he is hereby required from Time to Time to grant to

48° GEO. III. C. 14a* V

4*

the Person or P^oos applying to hhn in this Beludf such Certificate* as by this Act are dittoed* for the Purpose of enahiiiigfcch-Person or Persons to transfer any Bank Annuities for the Purdiaie of Aieii further Life Annuity or Annuities* without his* her, or their being required to produce any firefii Certificates or Affidavits in regard to the Birth or Baptism* or other Particulars aforesaid* respecting such Nominee or Nominees5 and the Certificates so to be granted by the said Officer* shall be valid and effectual to enable such Person or Persons to transfer any Bank Annuities for the Purchase of such further Life Annuity or Annuities and to entitle him* her* or them to such Certificates and Receipts from the Cashier of the Bank of England in like Manner ^s if the same had been granted upon the Production of the original Certificates and Affidavits.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Life of anyone Nominee* whether such Nominee shall have any beneficial Interest therein or not* shall in no Case (except as herein after excepted) exceed the annual Sum of One thousand Pounds* and that the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Lives of a^ny Two Nominees* and of the Life of the longer Liver of them* shall in no Case* except as aforesaid* exceed the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless* that if any such Annuity or Annuities shall have been purchased in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who shall have no beneficial Interest* present, future, or contingent* direct or indirect therein* and any such Person or Persons shall thereafter become desirous of purchasing any Annuity or Annuities b&nd Jide for his, her* or their own Use and Benefit* and for his* her* or their own Lives respectively* it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to prove the aforesaid Circumstances by good and legal Proof upon Affidavit* Affirmation* or otherwise* before any such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid and such Affidavit or Affirmation duly certified by such Magistrate or Justice, shall be produced to the Officer appointed as aforesaid and he shall thereupon proceed to grant his Certificate* and such Person or Persons shall be entitled to purchase any Annuity or Annuities* not exceeding the Sums aforesaid, in each Case respectively over and above* and notwithstanding any such former Annuity or Annuities before purchased in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as is or are* or shall from Time to Time be' nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners to accept Transfers of Stock made to them under the Provisions of the said recited Acts* or any of them* is and are hereby authorised and enabled to accept the Transfer of any Bank Annuities which shall be transferred to the said Commissioners for the

Purchase of Life Annuities Under the Provisions of this Act; and that the Dividends payable from Time to Time in respeffc of the Bank Annuities which shall be so transferred* shall be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners and shall constitute Part of the Funds which shall from Time to Time be applicable by the said Commissioners to the Reduction of the National Debt* by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty* Reign $ and the Life Annuities so purchased* shall be charged and chargeable upon the said Funds, and shall be paid and payable at the 48 Geo. III. Ii Bank

Annuities on the Life of One Nominee Audi not exceed 1000I. nor for Two Nominees I500i.

appointed by the Commissionqs may accept Stock; and the Dividend* shall, be received at the Bank* and: constitute Part, of the Sinking Fond.

A.D. 1808.

4*1 C. 142. 48° GEO. III.

Annuities shall be payable

Hilf«|feiily tt

the Bank, u Divt'ieuds are.

Crrtificatrs of Life of Nominees shall be |>r(xiurcd at the Bank from Time to Time before rec eiving

Aouuky.

Bank of England, in the Manner hmin-after expressed, and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, out of any Sums whatever, which shall have been paid to them, or carried in their Books to the Account of the said Commissioners, to set apart and retain from Time to Time so much thereof as may be necessary for paying the Life Annuities which shall from Time to Time be chargeable on the said Funds. '

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities purchased under this Act, shall be payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, on such of the usual Half-yearly Days of Payment of Dividends, according to the respective Periods within which any Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities may be transferred for the Purchase of any such Life Annuities as herein after is expressed; that is to say. In all Cases where any such Bank Annuities, whether Consolidated or Reduced, shall be transferred upon or after the Fifth Day of January and before the Fifth Day of Aprils or upon or after the Fifth Day of July, and before the Tenth Day of 0Sober* then the Half-yearly Payments of the Annuities purchased by the Transfer thereof, shall be made on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year and the First Half-yearly Payment of every such Annuity, shall be payable on such 01 the said Days as shall next succeed the Day of the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities; and in all Cases where any such Bank Annuities, whether Consolidated or Reduced, shall be transferred upon or after the Fifth Day of April and before the Fifth Day of July, or upon or after the Tenth Day of October and before the Fifth Day of January, then the Half-yearly Payments of the Annuities purchased by the Transfer thereof, shall be made on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth* Day of October in every Year and the First Half-yearly Payment of every such Annuity shall be payable on such of the said Days as shall next succeed the Day of the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities $ and upon the Death of any single Nominee, or of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees, a Sum ecjual to One-fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon his or her Life, (over and above all Arrears thereof respectively,) shall be payable to the Person or Persons entitled to the said Annuity, or to nis or her Executors, Administrators, or Alligns (as the Case may be) on the Half-yearly Day of Payment next succeeding the Death of such Nominee; provided such last-mentxoned Payment shall be claimed within Two Years after the Death of such single or surviving Nominee, but not otherwise.

XVI. ' And, for preventing Frauds in the Receipt of Life Annuities, be it further enacted, That before any Half-yearly Payment of an Annuity shall be receivable at the Bank of England as herein is directed, a Certificate shall be produced to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, under the Hand of the Minister, or in his Absence, rhen a Certificate (wherein such Absence shall be specified) under the Hatads of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish or Place whereiu the Nominee on whose Life* the Annuity shall then depend, is resident, or of any Two of them, or a Certificate under the Hand of some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Riding, City, or Town wherein such Parish or Place shall be situate, that such Nominee was living upon a Day to be specified in such Certificate (which Day must be one of the Days on which a Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity shall have become due, or some Day luhsequent thereto^: Provided always, that in case any Nominee shall at any

r Time

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. IQ.

C. 149.

483

Time after his or her Nomination become resident in Parts beyond the Seas in any of the Dominions of His Majesty, then a Certificate shall be produced to the said Officer, under the Hand of the Governor or Person acting as Governor of the Settlement where such Nominee shall be resident, that he or she was living on a Day to be specified in such Certificate (which Day must be one of the Days on which a Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity shall have become due, or on (bme Day subsequent thereto); and in case any Nominee shall after his or her Nomination become resident in any Kingdom or State in Europe, in Amity with His Majesty, then a Certificate shall in like Manner be produced under the Hand of the British Minister or Consul resident in the Kingdom or State where such Nominee shall be living and in case any Nominee shall so become resident at any other Place beyond the Seas, or in case no British Governor or Person aAing as such, or Minister or Consul respectively shall be resident at the Settlement, or in the Kingdom or State wherein any such Nominee shall be living, then a Certificate shall in like Manner be produced'of his or her Lift under the Hand and Seal, of the Chief Magistrate of any Province, City, Town, or Place where such Nominee shall be living: Provided also, that in all Cases where an Annuity shall depend on the Lives of Two joint Nominees, who shall.both be living, it shall be sufficient to produce the Certificate of the Lift of either of such Nominees.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That to every such. Certificate as herein-before is directed to be produced to the said Officer, shall be annexed an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in England or Scotland respectively, or if in Ireland before one of the Barons of the Exchequer there, by the Person or Persons entitled to the said Annuity, or by the Person applying to receive the same on his, her, or their Behalf, that the Matters contained in such Certificate are to the belt of his or her Belief true, and that the Person described or certified therein is the Nominee or one of the Nominees on whose Lift or Lives the Annuity whereof such Half-yearly Payment shall be claimed doth depend 3 and in case such Annuity mall have been granted on the Lives of Two Nominees and on the Life of the longer Liver of them, then in such Affidavit or Affirmation shall also be specified, to the belt of the Knowledge or Belief of the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation, whether the other of the Two Nominees whose Life shall hot be so certified as aforesaid be living or dead, and if living the usual Place of his or her Residence? but if the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be wholly ignorant whether the other of such Two Nominees shall be living or dead, or if living of the usual Place of his or her Abode, then the lame shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of such Certificates and Affidavits as by this Act are directed to be produced to the said Officer, for enabling the Receipt of Half-yearly Payments of Annuities, such Officer shall and he is hereby required to grant to the Perfop producing the same, a Certificate in the Form in toe Schedule to this Act annexed marked (F.) which Certificate being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be sufficient to authorize them, and they are hereby required to pay to the Person entitled to receive the said Annuity, not only the Half-yearly Payment thereof, which H»ll have

I i a become

Affidavit of Identity to be annexed to such Certificates.

On ftrodn&ioaof Certificates, Sec. Officer shall gnat a Certificate, on which Annnhy shall be payable

4U

A.D. 1808.

Certificates of v Death of single or farming Nominee flisll be produced before receiving the last portion of any Annuity.

life Annuities amy be trans-fatred entire.

Annuities faaM be free from Taxes, &c. except ss Dividends*

Penalty on producing fctfe Certificates and Affidavits, Forfeiture of Annuity, Ac.

C. 14 21

48° GEO. III.

become'due on the Day upon which any such Nominee shall have been certified as living, hut also all preceding Half-yearly Payments of such Annuity which shall have become due, but which shall not have been paid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where upon the Death of any single Nominee, or of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees, any Claim shall be preferred under the Provisions of this Act, for the Payment of a Sum equal to One-fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon his or her Life, the Person or Persons preferring such Claim shall produce to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid a Certificate of the Death of such Nominee, speci-rying the Day on which he or she shall have died, together with aa Affidavit in Proof of the Identity of such Nominee, to be respectively granted and taken by and before such and the like Persons as by this Act are authorised and empowered to grant Certificates, and to administer Affidavits In Proof of a Nominee being living on the Day on which any Half-yearly Payment of an Annuity dependant upon his or her Life became due, and such Officer shall thereupon grant to the Person producing the same a Certificate in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G.), and upon the said Certificate being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the bank of England, they are hereby authorised aid required to make such Payment to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit in and to any Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, shall from Time to Time be transferrable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

' England, provided such Annuities be transferred1 entire and not io Parts or Shares: Provided also, that the original Nominee or Nominees of any Annuity shall never be varied or changed, notwithstanding any Transfer of the Right or Interest therein, in the Books of the said Governor and Company.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities purchased under the Provisions of this Act shall be free from all Taxes, Charges^ and Impositions whatsoever, except such as Dividends of Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities are or may be subject and liable to, and shall be deemed Personal Estate; and an all Cases where the same shall not depend upon the Life of the Person entitled thereto, shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators as Personal Estate, and shall not be descendible to Heirs.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificates or Affidavits shall be produced to the said Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, containing any false Statement of the Age of any Person to be appointed a Nominee, with Intent to obtain an Annuity cm the Continuance of the Life of any Person who shall be under the Age of Thirty-five Years, or to obtain a higher Rate or Amount of Annuity during the Life of the Nominee than would by this Act be allowed according to his or her true Age, then and in every such Case all such Bank Annuities as may have been transferred for the Purchase of such Annuity shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners, and all Right and Title to the Annuity which would otherwise have been payable in respect thereof shall cease and determine, and the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Stock shall have been transferred shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successora, Treble the Value of all Sums which may have beeu received 00 account

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III. c. 142; 4S5

of the said Annuity, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which Penalties respectively shall be sued for, recovered, and applied in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Poultieto* Persons who for his, her, or their own Ujfe, or the Use, of any other Person or Persons, shall receive One or more Payment or Payments upon any Annuity for any Time beyond the Death of any {ingle or Nomine*, surviving Nominee, on the Continuance of whose Life the lame was. Treble the payable, after the Tjrpe on which the said Annuity ought wholly to Amount an4 cease by virtue of this Act (knowing such Nominee to be dead)

shall forfeit tp His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Treble the Value of the Money received after the Death of such Nominee, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which Penalties re-x spectively shall be sued for, recovered, and applied in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities pur- Annuities shall chased under the Provisions of this Act, shall, upon the ceasing wm 10 Sinking thereof, revert to the said Funds which shall from Time to Time be ^un* applicable to the Reduction of the National De&t, by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, and shall from thenceforth be applied in the same Manner as by the Laws now in force, and by this Act, the said Funds are made applicable.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Copy of the Register Certificates, of the Birth or Baptism of any Nominee, or any Certificates, Affi- Affriavits, and davits, or Affirmations to be made or taken in pursuance of this Act,

nor any Transfer of Bank Annuities which shall be made to the said putie^11* Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of any Life Annuity, nor any Transfer or Acceptance of any Life Annuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England, nOr any Receipt for the payment of any Life Annuity or any Part thereof, at the Bank of England, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any P«pl«yof

Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken before any Judge of His Ma- on

jesty's Courts at Westminster^ or before any of the Barons of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively, or before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully or corruptly (wear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly cohvided, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject aird liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons couvided of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subje d and liable to.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Pinijflpient fca shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully ad or assist in

the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Register or Registers of ciogy. the Birth or Baptism of any Person or Persons to be appointed a Nominee or Nominees under the Provisions of this Act, or any Copy or Certificate of any such Register, or the Name or Names of any Witness or With^lfes to any such Certificate, or any Affidavit or Affirmation required to be taken for any of the Purposes of this Act,

'or the Certificate of any Judge, Baron of the Exchequer, Justice of the peace or Magistrate, of any such Affidavit or Affirmation having been takep before him, or any Certificate of any Governor or Person

I i 3 acting

A.D. 1808.

48<f

Tceorsry and Application of Tenahfos*

Ko/fees to Officer.

Commissionen Jn&T appoint Clerks, &c.

Tor defraying '"-peaces.

Ci 14*

48° GEO. III.

a&iftg as such, or Minister or Consul, or Chief Magistrate of any Province, Town, or Place, or other Person authorised by this Act to grant any Certificate of the Life or Death of any Nominee, or any Certificate or Certificates of the Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or of any Caftiier or Clerk of the Bank of England, or shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in or to any Transfer of Bank Annuities for the Purchase of any Life Annuity, or in or to any Transfer or Acceptance of any Life Annuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Receipt or Discharge for any Life Annuity, or for any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or to any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer or accept any Bank Annuities or Lite Annuities under the Provisions of this Act, or to receive any Life Annuities, or any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or shall wilfully, felfely, and deceitfully personate any true and real Nominee or Nominees, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, or shall utter any such forged Register, Certificate, Affidavit, or Affirmation, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons whoiftsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be recoverable if incurred in England, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General on the Part of His Majesty, by Information in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or (if incurred in Ireland) in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in the Court ot Exchequer at Dublin, or (if incurred in Scotland) in the Name of His Majesty's Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall go and belong to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and become Part of the Sinking Fund: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Coroxnissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of any such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to any Penon or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Fee whatever shall be received or taken by the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid for granting any Certificates, or for any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done by him in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall and they are hereby authorised and empowered to appoint such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, as may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and

8 distft

A.D. 1808.

487

' 48° GEO. III. C. 14a.

direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of Salaries to Officers and Clerks acting in the Execution of this Act, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution thereof, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treafunr, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper for the Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Officer or Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Execution of this Act; which la ft-mentioned Allowances shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XXXII.«And whereas by the said recited Act of the Twenty-

sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, the Matter of the Rolls, the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery,

' and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England,

for the Time being respectively were appointed Commissioners for

carrying the said Act intp Execution; be it enacted, That in The Chief Baron addition to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, the Chief added to the Baron, or in his Absence, any one of the Barons of His Majesty's Commissioner* Court of Exchequer in England, for the Time being respecthreiy,

shall be a Commissioner for carrying into Execution the Purposes of in the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth, Thirty-second, and Forty- 36G.a.c^i.§u. second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, and shall have and be invelted with such and the lame Powers and Authorities in all Respects as if the Chief Baron or Baron of the said Couit of Exchequer respectively had been appointed a Commissioner by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Quarumof for any Four of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na- Commissioncis. tional Debt for the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and

Things which by this Act the Commissioners for the Reduction of, the National Debt are required and empowered to do,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the following Accounts Accounts of tU shall be prepared by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of Options irodk? the National Debt, and shall be annually laid before both Houses of fh» Act shall bu Parliament, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March if Parliament shall be then fitting; and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, w

then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then Commifiooca.

next Session of Parliament 5 videlicet, a Half-yearly Accourt of all

Bank Annuities which shall have been transferred to them for the

Purchase of any Life Annuities, and of the Dividends receivable by them in respect thereof, up to the Period of such Account; distin-

guishing therein so much of the said Bank Annuities as shall have been transferred in the Course of the next immediately preceding

Half Year; also a Half-yearly Account of the Amount of all the

Life Annuities granted by them up to the Period of such Account,

distinguishing therein the Amount of the Life Annuities which shall have been granted in the Course of the next immediately preceding

Half Year and also of the Amount of all the Annual Sums which,

up to the Period of the said Account, shall, by reason of the Deaths

©1 Nominees or otherwise, have reverted to the said Funds applicable

I i 4 t*

AiD*i 80S.

488

C. 14a. 48° GEO. III.

to the Roduction of the National'Debt, distinguishing therein the Amount of such Annual Sums as shall have so reverted in the Course of the next immediately preceding Half Year, together with an Account of the Amount of Life Annuities then payable; and in every such Account shall be speci$ed the Excess in the whole Amount of all the Life Annuities then before granted, above the Amount of the Dividends receivable in respect of all the Bank Annuities then before transferred for the Puifchase of Life Annuities, and also the Excess (if any) in the Amount of the Life Annuities then payable above the Amount of such Dividends: Also a Half-yearly Account of the Capital Stock, which, up to the Period of such Account, shall have been redeemed by the Application" of the Annual Sqm* which shall from Time to Time have 10 reverted to the said Funds by reason of the Deaths of Nominees, or otherwise, and by the Application of the accumulated Dividends of the Capital Stock thereby redeemed: Also an Account of the whole Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which, up to the Period of such Account, would have been redeemed by the Excesses in the Amount of the Life Annuities, from Time to Time payable by the said Commissioners, above the Amount of the Dividends from Time to Time receivable by them in refoe& of the Bank Annuities transferred for the furchase of such Life Annuities, in case such Excesses had been intermediately applied in the Redemption of Three Pounds per Centum Stock, in the Manner prescribed by the Laws now in force for the Redemption of the National Debt.

" Limitation of Actions, Three Months. — General Issue. — Treble M Costs. §35. Act may be altered this Seflhra. §36.1*

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM of the DECLARATION to be signed by Persons desirous of purchasing Life Annuities for themselves, or on Behalf of others.

I A.B. of do hereby declare to the Commissioners

1 for the Reduction of the National Debt, That I am desirous on my own Account, [or, on the Behalf of C.D. of " ] to transfer to ^he said Commissioners

the Sum of £ 3 per Centum Consolidated [or

Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity; And I do hereby nominate myself [or, C. D* of ] now of the Age of

Years, to be the Person on the Continuance of whose Life [or, in rafe of Two Nominee* 1 myself, now of the Age of Years, and E. F. of

now of the Age of Years [or E. F. of

now of the Age of Years, and, G. H.

of now of the Age of Years!

to be the Persons on the Continuance of whose Lives and the Life of the longer Liver of them] the said Annuity is to depend, and whose Age [or, respective Ages, a* the Case may be"] is [or, are] certified and verified by the Certificates and Affidavits [or Affidavits] now [or, which have been before] produced.

Whness my Hand| this Day of

<^k.D« i So8«

4 GEO- I1L

Ci4

SCHEDULE (B.)

N°

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Transfer of Stock at the Bank of England for the Purchase of £»ife Annuities.

TN pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reiga or His present Majest v, intituled [jhere insert the Title of the ABJ]

I do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England» that A.B. of'hath signified to the

Commissiorters for the Reduction of the National Debt, his [er, her j Desire, on his [or, her] own Behalf [or, on the Behalf of C D.

of ] to transfer the Svutt

of £7 per Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced]

Bank Annuities, to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of himself on herself [or, of C.D. as the Case may be"] [or, in case of Two Nominees, on the Lives of him or her the said A.B. and of E. F. of

and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] [or, of E. F. of and G. If, of and the Life of the longer Liver of

them, as the Case may be] And I do hereby further certify, That it hath been made appear to me, that the Age of the said Nominee, upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act, is Years

[or, in case of Tiuo Nominees of equal Ages, that the said Nominees are of equal Ages, and that the Age upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act is Years] [or, in case there shall be Two

Nominees of unequal Ages, that the respective Ages upon which the Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act are as follows; videlicet, the Age of the said 1

the younger Nominee, is Years; an^ the Ag&

of the said the elder Nominee exceeds the said

Age of the younger Nominee by more thag

Years, but not by more than Years]: And I do hereby further certify, that the Amount of the Life Annuity which will, upon the Transfer of the said Sum of £ 3 per Centum Consolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, become payable in respect thereof during the Life of the said Nominee [or, of the said Two Nominees and the Life of the longer Liver of them] is per Annum.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE of the Cashier of the Bank of England, acknowledging the Transfer of Bank Annuities for the Purchase of Life Annuities.

TN pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign 1 of His present Majesty, intituled An Act \Jhere insert the Title of the AB] I do hereby certify, that the Sum of £ 3 per Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities hath been this Day transferred to the Cpmroiilioners for the Reduction of the 'National Debt, by or on the Behalf of

for the Purchase of a Life Annuity under the Provisions of the said Act.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

', Schedule (EJ) — continued.

TABLE, No. 3. continued. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every sSioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

Price of the sS3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

3 .*71 and under 72. 72 and under 73- 73 and under 74- 74 and under 75* 75- and under 76. / 76 and under 77* 77, and under 78. 78 and under 79- and under 80. 8d and under 8l.

35- 4 3° 4 3 0 440 44O 4 5 0 4 5 0 4«O 4 6 O 4 7 0 4 8 0

6. 440 4 4 0 450 4 5 0 4*0 4 0 0 4 7 O 4 7 O 4 8 0 '490

7- 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 <5 P 460 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 O 4 S O 490 4 10 0

8. 4 S 0 4 6 0 4 6 P 4 1 7 0 4^0 4 8 0 490 49O 4 10 0 4 it 0

9- 460 4 7 0 470 480 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 O 4 11 0 4 12 0

40. 470 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 i' 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0

1. 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4'ic 0 4 h2 0.4 1* 0 43 0 43 0 44 0

2. 4 10 0 4 10 0 4110 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 4 0 4 15 0 45 0

3- 4 11 P 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 © 4 13 0 4 14 O 4 »5 0 4 IS 0 4 16 0 4 17 0

4* 4^0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 15 © 4 16 0 47 0 4 i7 0 4 18 0

ipn -QT' to*oao.8*r

s- 4 13 ° 4 14 0

6. 4'J 4 iy 0

7- 4 16 o 4 17 0

8. 4 17 ° 4 18 0

9- 4*19 0 500

5°- 5 1 0 5 a 0

I. 5 3 0 5 3 0

a. 5 4° 5 5 0

3- 560 5 7 0

4* 5 8, ° 590

5- 5 M O 5 12 0

6. 53 0 5 14 0

7- 516 0 5 17 0

8. 5 i7 0 5 18 0

9- 6 00 610

6o. 630 650

i. 6 6 680

2. 6 10 G 6 12 0

3- 6 14 0 6 15 0

4- 6 18 0 700

5- 7 3© 740

6. 7 80 790

7* 7 13 0 75 0

' 8. 7180 800

9- 840 860

7°- 8 11 0 8 13 0

15 0 4 i5 0 4 16 0

16 0 4 17 0 4 17 0

18 0 4 18 0 4 19

19 0 500 5 1 0

1 0*5 1 0 5 a 0

3 © 5 3 0 5 4o

4 0 5 5 0 560

6 0 5 70 $ 8 0

8 0 590 5 1° 0

10 0 5 11 0 5 ia 0

13 0 5 140 5 1S ©

15 P 5 16 0 5 !7 0

18 0 S J9 0 600

0 0 610 6 a 0

3 0 640 650

6 0 6 7.0 680

9 0 6 10 0 6^1 0

13 0 6 14 0 6 16 0

17 0 6 18 0 6 19 0

1 6 720 740

6 7 7 b 790

11 0 7 12 O 7 14 0

16 0 7 18 0 8 00

' 1 0 830 8 S 0

8 0 8 10 0 8 ia e

15 0 8 17 0 8 19 0

4

4

4

4

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

6

6

6

6

6

6

7

7

7

7

8

8

8

47 0 417 0 4 18 O 4 19 0 5 0 0 1

4 18 0 4 >9 0 5 0 0 5 0 0 5 I 0

5 0 0 5 1 0 5 I O 5 % 0 s 3 0

5 1 0 5 % 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0

5 3 0 5 4 Or 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 6 0

5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 O & 7 0 s 8 0

5 7 0 5 8 0 590 590 5 10 0

590 5 10 0 S 11 0.5 11 0 S 12 0

5 11 0 5 T2 0 5 13 O 5 T4 0 5 15 0

5 13 0 5- 14 0 5S 0 5 16 0 5 i7 0

5 i<5 0 5 17 O. S 18 0 5 19 0 6 0 0

5 18 0 5 19 O 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0

6 1 0 6 2 O 6 3 0, 6 4 0 6 5 0

6 3 0 6 4 O 6 3 0 6 6 0 6 7 0

6 6 0 6 7 O 6 8 0 690 6 11 0

690 6 11 O 6 12 0 6 !3 0 6 H 0

6 13 0 6 x4 O 6 >5 0 6 16 0, 6 18 0

67 0 6 18 O 7 0 0 1 1 0 7 2 0

7 1 0 7 2 O 7 3 0 7, 5 0 7 6 0

7 5 0 7 7 O '7 8 0 790 7 11 c

7 10 0 7 12 O 7 13 0 7 0 7 16 0

75 0 77 O 79 O 8 0 0 8 2 0

8 1 0 8 3 O 8 4 0 8 6 0 8 8 0

8 7 0 .8 8 O 8*io 0 8 12 0 8 13 0

8 13 0 8 O 8 17 0 8 J9 091 0

9 1 093 95 0 9'6 097

Vi

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. - C. 142

Schedule (E.) — continued. TABLE, No. 4. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives* and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will he payable for every £ 100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than.Eifteen Years, at the Time of the Transfer. Ol O N

u 0 Price of the £3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. li M 4* -

c § oJ 60 61 62 63 645 66 67 68 69 70

& and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

<'6l. 62. 63- 64. ^5- 66. 67. 63. 69. 70. 71*

35- 3 18 0 3 19 0 400. 400 4 1 0 4 1 0 4 20 4 a 0 4 3 440 440 fe O

6. 3 19 o 400 400 410 4 z 0 420 4 3 0 430 440 440 4 5 0 g

7- 400 410 410 420 420 4 3 0 440 440 4 5° 4 5 0 460

8. 410 4 1 0 420 4 3 0 4 3o 44? 450 4 5° 460 460 470'p

9*420 420 4 3 0 4 4 0 440 45a 460 4 60 470 470 480

40. 4 3° 4 3° 440 4 5° 450 460 470 470 4 >8 0 490 490

1. 4 4 0 440 450 460 460 470 480 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0

1. 4 5 0 4 5 0 460 4 7o 470 480 490 4 10 0 4 ISO 4 11 0 4 11 0

3* 460 460 \^470^to 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 > b

4- 4 1 0 4 s 0 480 490 4 10 0 4 ix 0 4 it 0 4 12 0 43 0 43 0 4 14 04

S 480 90 4 10 0 4 10 0 .4110 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 »3 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0

6. 496 4 IO o 4 II o 4 12 O 4 12 ©

7- 4 ii O 4 XI o 4 12 0 43 O 44 0

8. 4- 12 © 4 x3 o 4 x4 o 45 0 45 0

9- 4 x3 o 4 14 o 45 0 4 16 0 4 >7 0

5°. 4 x5 o 4 16 o 4 x7 o 4 18 0 4 19 0

i. 4 x7 o 4 M 00 o 4 J9 o 4 19 0 J 0 0

2. 4 18 o 4 x9 o 5 o o 5 1 0 5 2 0

3- 5 0 o 5 i o 5 2" o 5 3 0 5 4 0

+ 5 2 o 5 3 o 5 4 o 5 5 0 5 6 0

5- 5 4 o*5 o 5 6 o 5 7 0 5 8 o*

6. 5 6 o 5 7 0 5 8 © 590 5 10 0

7- i 8 o 59o. 5 ii o 5 12 0 5 J3 0

8.*IT o 5 12 0 5 »3 o 54 0 5 16 0

9*54 o S x5 o S 16 o 5 17 0 5 x9 0

<So. 5 x7 o 5 18 0 5 x9 o 6 1 0 6 2 0

i. 59 o 6 i o 6 2 o 6 3 o'. 6 5 0

2. 6 3 o 6 4 o 6 6 o 6 7 0 6 8 0

3- 6 7 0 6 8 o 6 10 o 6 11 0 6 12 c

4- 6 ii o 6 12 o 6 x4 o 6 15 0 6 x7 0

5- 64 o 6 16 o 6 x7 o 6 >9 0 7 0 0

43 0 4 14 0. 415 0 415 0 4 16 0 47 0

4 >5 O 45 0 4 16 0 4 !7 0 4 l8 0 4 19 0

4 16 O 47 0 4 18 0 49 0 5 O 0 J 0 0

4 18 0 4'19 0 s OO s 0 0 5 I 0 5 2 0

49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 s 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0

3 i 0 5 2 0 s 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0

5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 S 1 0 5 8 0

3 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0

5 7 © 5 8 0 S9a s 11 0 S 12 0 53 0

590 5 xo 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 5 13 0 S 14 0

5 ii 0 5 I<2 0 5 13 0 5 c 5 16 0 5 17 0

5 14 o 5 lS 0 S 16 0 5 17 0 5 19 0 6 0 0

57 0 5 l8 0 59 0 6 0 0 6 i 0 6 3 0

6 o 0 6 I 0 6 2 0 6 4 0 6 5 6 6 0

6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690

6 6 0 6 7 0 690 6 10 0 6 IY 0 63 0

6 IO 0 6 11 0 63 0 6 14 0 6 M v*. O 67 0

6 14 0 65 © 67 0 6 18 0 7 O 0 7. 1 0

6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 7 3 0 7 4 0 7 6 0

7 2- 0 7 4 0 7 5 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 7 10 0

a

O

'iti3 HI '030 o8^ tjoji

SCHEDULE (E.)

TABLE No. a. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every stfioo-of the Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Nominees shall be of (equal Ages, or being of different Ages, in case the Age of the elder Nomiuee shall not exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

Price of the per Cent.' Consolidatedor Reduced Bank Annuities.

u1 > J W o 6o 6i 62 63 64 6S 66 67 I 68 69 70

© f and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and undei and under and under

<Z O 61 62. 63- 64. 65- 66. 67. 68. 1 69. 70. 7*<

35- 3 o 3 16 0 3 l6 O 37 0 3 17 O 3 l8 O 3 l8 O 3 IQ O 3 19 O 4 0 0 4 O 0

6. 36 o 3 16 0 3 7 0 3 f7 0 3 l8 O 3 18 0 3 19 0 3 19 0 4 O O 4 0 0 4 X 0

7- 3 16 o 3 17 0 3 17 0 3 18 0 3 19 O 3 19 O 4 O O 4 0 0 4 I O 4 I 0 4 2 0

8. 3 o 3 18 0 3 18 0 39 0 3 19 O 4 O O 4 0 0 4 I 0 4 I O 4 2 0 4 2 0

9 3 18 0 3 18 0 3 19 0 39 0 4 O O 4 I O 4 I 0 4 2 0 4 2 O 4 3 0 4 3 0

4* 3 J9 o 3 19 0 4 0 0 4 0 0 4 X 0 4 I O 4 2 O 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0

i. 3 19 o 4 0 0 4 1 0 4 1 0 4 2 O 4 2 O 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0

a. 4 o o 4 X 0 4 1 0 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 0 4 5 ° 4 6 0 4 0 0

3- i o 4 2 0 4 a O 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0

4* 4 2 o 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0

5- 4 3 o 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490

6. 4 4 o 4 5 0 4 5 ° 4 6 O 4 I ° 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 xo 0 4 11 0

7- 4 5 o 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0

8. 4 6 o 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 it 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 43 0

9- 4 7 o 4 8 0, 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 O 4 13 0 44 0 45 0

8081TTY -HI 'OIO'*zH '3

5°- 4; 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 IX 0 4 12 0 4 12 0

I. 4 IO 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 0 4 14 0

a 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 x3 0 4 >4 0 45 0

3* 4 12 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 0 4 16 0 4 j7 0

4- 4 14 0 4 0 4 16 0 47 0 4 17 0 4 18 0

5- 4 16 0 4 l6 0 47 0 4 18 0 4 l9 0 5 0 0

6. 4 17 0 4 l8 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 a 6

7- 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0

8. 5 1 0 s 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0

9 5 3 0 s 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 S 7 0 5 8 0

6o. 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0

i. 5 6 0 5 7 0 S90 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0

2. 590 5 10 0 s 11 0 5 12 0 54 0 53 0

3* 5 12 0 .53 0 5 14 0 5 0 5 17 0 5 18 0

4- 5 J5 0 5 16 0 S 17 0 5 i3 0 6 c 0 6 K 0

5- 5 18 0 59 0 6 1 0 ft 2 0 6 3 0 6 5 0

6. 6 1 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0

7- 6 5 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0

8. 690 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 H 0 6 >5 0 6 l7 0

9- 6 M 0 6 16 0 6 17 0 <5 J9 0 7 0 0 7 2 0

7°- 6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 7 3 0 7 5 0 7 6 0

i. 7 3 0 7 5 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 7 10 0 7 12 0

2. 790 7 XI 0 73 0 75 0 7 16 0 7 18 0

3- 7 !5 0 77 0 7 19. 0 8 1 0 8 3 0 8 5 0

4 8 a 0 8 4 0 8 6 0 8 8 0 8 JO 0 8 12 0

5- 890 8 11 0 8 '4 0 8 16 0 8 18 090 0

43 0 4 14 0 4 >5 0 45 0 4 l6 0

4 14 0 4 0 4 10 0 4 17 0 4 l8 0

4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 4 19 0

417 0 4 18 0 4 '9 0 5 0 0 5 1 0

4 ?9 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0

5 1 0 S 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0

5 3 0 5 4 0 s 5 0 f 6 0 5 7 0

5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 s90

5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 s 11 0

590 S 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 5 14 0

5 11 0 5 12 0 5 13 0 5 14 0 55 0

53 0 5 14 0 5 13 0 3 16 0 5 18 0

5 16 0 5 17 0 5 18 0 5 19 0 6 0 0

5 !9 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 3 0 6 4 0

6 2 0 6 3 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 7 0

6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 6 10 0 6 11 0

6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 14 0 6 15 0

6 H 0 6 15 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 '

6 19 0 7 0 0 7 2 0 7 3 0 7 0

7 4 0 1 5 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 7 10 0

7 8 0 7 10 0 7 11 0 7 iJ 0 7 0

7 14 0 7 15 0 7 17 0 7 19 0 8 I 0

8 0 0 8 2 0 8 4 0 8 6 0 8 8 0

8 7 0 890 8 11 0 83 0 8 0

8 15 0 8 17 0 89 091 093 0

9 3 095 097 099 0911 0

A.D. 180tf, .48° GEO. III. C. 142.

Schedule (E.) — continued.

TABLE, No. a, continued. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities grunted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the Jopger Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100 of the Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Nominees shall be of equal Ages, or being of different Ages, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall not exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

Price of the of 3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

S3^8. 7» 72 73 .74 75 76 77 78 79 80

o c and under and under and under and undei and under 'land under and under and under and under and under

MO * 72. 73- 74- 75* 76.- 77- 78., 79* 80.

35- 4 I O 4 1*4 2 O 4 2 0 4 3 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 r5 0 4 5 0

6. 4 I O 420 4 3 0 4 3 0 440 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 6 0

7- 4 2 O 4 3 0 '4 3 0 4 4 0 440 4 5 0 460 460 4 7 0 4 7 0

8. 4 3 0 440 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 460 460 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0

9- 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4OO 460 470 470 .480 4 .8.0 490

4°* 4 5 400 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7o 480 480 490 4 10 0 4 IQ 0

i. 4 6 0 470 4 7 0 480 4 80 490 490 4 10 0 4 XI 0 4110

2. 4 7 0 480 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0

3- 4 8 0 480 490 4 10 0 4 ID O 4 11 0 4 12 0.4 12 O 4 x3 ° 4 14 0

4- M90 4 10 0 4. 10 0 4 XI 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 x3 0 4 x4 0 4 15 o

5- 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 lj 0 4 lS 0 4 16 0

6. 4 1 r 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 43 0 4 x4 0 4 x5 0 4 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 !7 o

7- 4 13 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 x5 0 4 x5 0 4 16 0 4 i7 O 4 18 0 4 18 0 4 19 0

8. 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 x5 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 4 19 ° 5 00 5 00

9- 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 300 5*0 3 20

i

p

p

48 Geo. III. K k

5°- 4 »7 0 4 l8 0 4 x9 0 4 19 0 s 0 0 s I 0

I. 4 18 0 '4 19 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 s 2 0 5 2 0

2. 5 0 0 s 1 0 S' 2 0 s 3 0 s 3 0 S 4 0

3- 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 3 0 s 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0

4* 5 4 0 5 5 0 S 5 0 s 6' o' s 7 0 5 8 0

5- 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 6 5 8 0 S90 5 10 0

6. 5 8 0 590 5 IC 0 5 10 0 S 11 0 5 12 0 i

7- j 10 0 5 11 0 S 12 5 x3 0 5 14 0 5 15 0.

8. s 12 0 '5 13 0 54 0 s5 0 5 16 0 S x7 0

9- 5 15 0 5 16 0 5 17 0 6 18 S l9 0 6 0 0

06o. 5 16 0 5 17 0 5 18 '0 5 x9 0 6 v 0 6 2 0

i. 59 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 O' 6 4 0

2. 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 8 0

3- 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 8 0 690 6 10 0 6 IT 0

4* 690 6 10 0 ' 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 J4 0 6 15 0

5* 6 L2 0 6 H 0 6 l5 0 6 16 0 6 18 0 6 19 0

6. 67 0 6 18 0 6 l9 0 7 1 0 7-.2 0 7 4 0

7- 7 1 0 7 3 0 7 4 0 7- 5 0 7 7 0 7 8 0

8. 7 6 0 7 8 0 790 7 11 0 7 12 0 7 M 0

9- 7 12 0 7 J3 0 7 0 7 16 0 7 18 0 79 0

70. 7 16 0 7 18 0 8 0 0 8 1 0 8 3 0 8 0

1. 8 2 0 8 4 0 8 6 0 8 8 0 8 10 0 8 11 0

2. 890 8 11 0 8 13 0 85 0 8 i7 0 8 l9 0

3- 8 x7 0 .89 091 093 095 097 0

4-95 097 099 0911 0913 09 0

5-9J4 0916 0 9*18 0 10 0 0 10 2 0 10 5 0

5 2 0 5 2 0 |3 3 0 5 4 p

/ s 3 0.5 4 om 5 5 0 5., 6 0

5 s 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 7 0

5 7 0 5 8 0 s90 59

S90 s 10 0 5 11 0 5 11

5 II 0 5 11 0 5 13 0 5 H 0

S3 0 5 '4 0 55 0 5 16 0

5 16 0 5 17 0 5 17 0 S 18 0

5 18 0 5 19 0 6 0 0 6 1 0

6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0

6 3 0 6 4 0 6 S 0 6 6 0

6 5 0 6 7* 0 6 8 0 690

690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0

6 12 0 6 H 0 6 13 0 6 16 0

6 16 0 6 17 0 6 19 0 7 0 0

7 0 0 7 >2 0 7 3 0 7 4 0

7 5 0 7 6 0 7 8 0 790

7 10 0 7 11 ' 0 7 13 0'7 14 0

7 iS 0 7 17 0 7 18 0 8 0 0

8 1 0 8 3 0 8 4 0. J 8 6 0

8 6 0 8 8 0 8 10 0 8 11 0

83 0 8 15 0 87 0 8 18 0

9 1 092 0 ^9 4 096 0

99091 x 0913 09 0

917 0919 0 10 2 0 10 4 0

10 7 0 1090 10 I. 0 104 0

VO

fi-V' 180?' 48° GEO. III. C. 142.

Schedule (E.J — continued,

TABLE, No. j. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every j£ioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

a4 Price of the £$ per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

l-s 3^6o 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70

tfl and under 6i. and under 62., and under '63. and under 64. 4 and under 65. and under 66. 4! §^s and under 68. and under 69. and under 70. and under 7U

35- 3 0 37 0 318 0 3 18 0 3 19 0 3 19 0 4 O O 4 I 0 4 x 0 4 2 0 4 2 0

6. 3 17 0 3 18 0 319 0 3 19 ° 4 00 400 4 X O 4 1 0 4 2 O 4 2 0 4 3"°

3 18 0 3 19 0 319 0 400 4 00 4 1 0 4 2 O 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 3 0 440

8. 3 19 0 3 19 0 4 0, 0 4 1 0 4 x 0 420 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0

9*400 4 0 0 4 10 410 420 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 6 0

4°. 410 4 1 0 420 420 4 3 4 4 4 4 0 4 5 ° 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 '7 0

i. 4 1 0 4 2 0 430 4 3 0 440 4 5 0 4 1 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 48c

2. 420 4 3 0 440 440 450 460 4 0 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490

3- 4 3 0 4 4 0 4S« 4 5 o'- 400 470 4 7 0 4 3 0 490 490 4 xo 0

4- 440 4 S 0 460 460 470 480 4 8 0 490 4 xo 0 4 ix 0 4 XI 0

vo

O

M

t*

ts

o

E

s

B

Kk z

5- 4 5 0 4 6 0 '4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490

6. 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0

7- 4^8 0 4 8 0 - 490 4 10 0. 4 11 0 4 11 0

8. 490 4 10 0 4 10 O' 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 J3 0

9- 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 43 0 413 0 4 H 0

50. 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 x4 to 45 0 4 16 0

I. 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 >5 0 4 16 0 47 0 4 x7 6

2. 4 J5 c 4 16 0 4 10 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 x9 0

3* 4 l6 0 4 J7 0 4 18 0 4 x9 0 5 0 0 5.1 0

4* 4 l8 0 4 19 0 s 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 5 3 0

5- 5 O 0 5 I 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0

6. 5 2 0 5 3 0 7 4 0 5 5 0 s 6 0 5 7 0

2- 5 4 0 5 5 JO 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590

8. 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 590 5 TO 0 3 11 0

9- 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 5 x3 0

60. 5 10 0 5 12 0 5 13 0 5 '*4 0 5 x5 0 5 16 0

1. 5 x3 0 54 0 S 0 5 J7 0 5 18 0 5 x9 0

2. 5 16 0 5 17 0 5 18 0 0 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0

3* 5 J9 d 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4X> 6 6 0

4- 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 <S 10 0

5- <S 7 0 6 8 0 6 'to 0 6 11 0 6 x3 0 6 x* 0

6. 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 x4 0 65 0 j 6 x7 0 6 18 0

7- 65 0 6 17 0 6 x9 0 7 0 0 7 2 0 7 3 0

' 8. 6 x9 0 7 1 0 7 3 0 7 4 0 7 6 0 7 8 0

9- 7 5 0 7 6 0 7 8 0 7 10 0 7 12 0 7 x4 0

70. 7 10 0 7 12 0 7 0 7 16 0 7 18 0 8 0 0

4 10 0 4 10 0 4 n 0 4 12 0 4 13 0

4 II 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 J4 0

4 12 0 4 13 0 4 I4 0 4 H 0 45 0

4 >4 o 4 '4 0 4 >5 0 4 16 0 4 >7 0

4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 n 0 4 18 0

4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 4, 29 0 5 0 0

4 l8 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 s 2 0

5 O 0 5 I 0 5 2 0 J 3 0 5 3 0

5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 5 0

S 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 S 6 0 S' 7 0

S 6 0 $ 7 0 s 8 0 S90 S s10 Q

5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 O

10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0 5 0 5 O

5 12 0 5 13 0 S 14 0 5 >5 0, 5 16 O

5 ij 0 5 16 0 57 0.5 18 0 59 O

5 17 0 5 J996 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 O

6 0 0 6 1 0 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 O

6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 8 0 69O

6 7 0 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 13 O

6 11 0 6 13 0 6 0 6 15 06 17 O

6 15 0 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 O

7 0 0 7 2 0 7 3 0 7 5 0 7 6 0

7 5 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 7 10 0 7 12 O

790 7 11 0 73 0 7 >5 0 7 16 0

75 0 7 17 0 7 19 0 8 1 0 8 3 0

8 2 0 8 4 0 8 6 0 8 8 0 890

NO

VO

tH 'III 030 °8* rjgogi

, Schedule (E.) — continued*

TABLE, No. 3.' continued. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Tw Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every seioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not By more wan Ten Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

1* % J cPrice of the sSs per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

3. 76 78

71 72 73 74 75' 77 79 8o

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

72. 73- 74- 75' 76. 77-.78. VO O 00 81.

35- 4 3 0 4 3 0 440 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 ° 4 <5 O 4 6 O 4 7 0 4 8 0

6. 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 ° 4 6 0 4 7 O 4 7 O 4 8 0 '490

7- 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 460 470 4 7 0 4 8 O 4 8 O 490 4 10 0

8. 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 4.7 0 480 4 8 0 49O 49O 4 10 0 4 11 0

9*4 6 0 4 7 0 470 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 O 4«O 4 11 0 4 12 0

40. 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 " O 4 1* O 4 12 0 4 13 0

1. 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4'ii 0 42 O.4 ts O 4 13 O 43 44 0

2. 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 O 4 13 O 4 14 O 45 0'4 0

3* 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 43 0 4 J3 © 4 14 O 4 O 4 13 0 4 16 0 4 >7 0

4* 4 X2 O 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 45 ° 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 17 0 41» 0

'wcnr* in-03008* w*d

D. 1808.'

C. 142

48° GEO. III.

N.

00000 OOOO OOOO

O-t tTi U-J'O 00 O C*«'ONH M M M M 1 Tj-00 c* NO m VO c4 QO CO^M 1 HI M M

vrj V) A'O*N u-j tr> vo0 ^V© 'O VO VO NO vono inn^sr*oo 00 00 On Ov

OOOO OOOO OOOO 0

On O <* i-O On m ^"VO On - ^"VO Os CO VO HI inON'OO'O cv On M M' M M HI NO 1

*0Ov^vj no 'O'Oio'Oovo VO VO VO NOO rs^t^ 4^00»00 00 On

6 0 0 0 0 0OOO OOOO 0

D O H Mi tsOsw m VOQO O en \000 M m _m m«VJO cnoo t^to n MM MM H^ M VCN

+ 'O'O'O'O vj'OV^'Oio 10 VO VO VO NO NO NO NNNh 4n00 00 OO ON

0 0 0 0 3" OOOO O' OOOO OOOO 0

0\« «^H m NO 00 O N ^-NO\« ^-4>h M M M M M m ^00 ISN N on 00 Ar\ H H H MM M C4i

'O'O VO NO NO NO VO 4^ 4^ r-oo cc 00 ON

00000 OOOO OOOO.0

X^x 0 h«# - vrj m 6k m «^VO 00 1 crjVQ M M M M 0\ cn h voo^H, i\n MM MM M M

v\*ou % vq vr> no Lr, v^NO O NO NO NO VO 4>- »> rs. rnOO 00 00' On

00000 OOOO OOOO 0

NO O* ON M <* H H H t*-no oo0«vomo«u> M M M m GO m VO ON^ON Tt* 0 VJN H^ M M M M ON

t*- t*- tri i^\*\ \r> v.-) v/n vc »^no NO VO NO n6 NO NO 4s 4^00 00 00 00

OOOO oooo{ 0000000 OOOO ^O OOOO 0

r-'QO 0 H M M HI O C"* CN M '^'O Ot^M HI M M ri. 0 ^OO C4 N CJlQG cn O M M M m -M M N M

*u^»o v<0 vi-j vrj vrj vrj u-j un v^jVO VO NO NO NO NO m. 4-H ri t>*00 00 00

OOOO OOOO OOOO 0

'-nvo OO OSH' 11 — M> erj rj-vo 00 O0 vr, 00 O co m m m m NO Ol CO 4*1 M 'O HI V© M 00 mm mm w> M

*4r nh*0 VH to lf\ Vo No Lo'O VO NO NO NO VO rslNJs. r^OO 00 00

OOOO OOOO OOOO 0

'+ Ir\ r-100 O - 1 M M i — C* WJ 10 On N rt r^OO M HI HI HI M incc«i^o on vo O vo M IM. — cr>' M

VJVO NO VO VO NO 4^ I>4>»4^00 00 GO

OOOO OOOO OOOO 0 '

PPJ u-i'O ON M M M M M hi co ^j-vO 00 " c^vo r- 0 M M M M crjvo 0 tJ-oo cnoo «noo <* M M M MM M M

*V 'O^'O'O^vj^vo Vo VO NO NO O NO NO t-.4^tn 4^00*GO

'O'O r^oo on 6 H«o 4- VOO 4^00 ON VO 6 M N W)4 vrjvd 4>aQ0 ON VO d 4v

Schedule (TZ.)--continued..g

TABLE, No. 4. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives* and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will he payable for every eSioo of Stock- transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

bm U Price of the sS$ per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

9 'SJ 60 61 62 63 64 «5 66 67 68 69 7°

& <'and under 6l. and under 62. and under 63- and under 64. and unders- and under 66. and under 67. and under 68. and under 69. and under 7°. and under 71*

35- 3 18 0 39 0 4 0 0. .400 4 X 0 4 1 0 4 20 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 40 440

6. 3 19 0 400 4 0 0 410 4*0 420 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 440 450

1 400 4 1 0 4 1 0 420 420 4 3 0 440 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 460

8. 410 4x0 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 3o 440 450 4 5 0 4 6 0 460 4 7 0

9- 430 420 4 3 0 440 4 4 0 45a 460 4 6 0 4 7 0 470 480

40. 4 3 0 4 3 0 4 4 0 0 ^1 450 460 470 4 7 0 4, 8 0 490 490

1. 4 4 0 440 4 5 0 460 460 470 480 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 to 0

2. 4 5° 450 4 6 0 470 470 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0

3- 460 460 4 7 ©^10 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0

4* 4 7 0 4N« 0 4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 IX 0 4 XI 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0

5- 480 490 4 xo 0 410 0 .4 11 0 4 12 0 43 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 IJ 0 4 16 0

C. 14*;48 GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

6. 49«f 4 10 0 4 II 0 4 12 O 4 12

7- 4 II 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 43 O 4 0

8. 4- 12 0 43 0 4 14 0 4s O 45 0

9- 4 13 0 44 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0

So. 4 l5 0 4 16 0 4 J7 0 4 18 0 4 19 0

i. 47 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 4.9 0 5 0 0

2. 4 18 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 S 2 0

s- 5 0 0 5 1 0 s a- 0 5 3 0 5 4 ©

4- S a 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0

5- 5 4 0 3 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0-

6. 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 IO O

7- 5 8 0 590 S 11 0 5 12 0 5 13 0

8. 5 IT 0 5 12 0 5 »3 0 5 0 5 l6 0

9- 5 0 5 J5 0 5 16 0 5 17 0 5 l9 0

6o. 57 0 5 18 0 J9 0 6 1 0 6 2 0

i. 5 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0. 6 5 0

9.6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0

3- 6 7 0 6 8 0 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 c

6 11 0 6 ia 0 6 x4 0 6 0 6 17 0

5- 6 H 0 6 16 0 6 17 0 6 >9 0 7 0 0

43 0 4 H O 1 45 0 4 15 O 4 l6 0 417 0

4 15 0 4 IS 0 4 16 0 4 17 O 4 l8 0 4 0

4 16 0 4 »7 0 4 18 0 4 19 O 5 O 0 5 0 0

4 18 0 4'19 0 S o-o 5 O O s I 0 5 2 0

419 0 5 O 0 S 1 0 5 2 O 5 3 0 5 4 0

5 1 0 S a 0 S 3 0 5 4 0 S 5 0 s 6 0

5 3 0 5 4 0 5 S 0 5 6 0 s 1 0 s 8 0

5 5 0 5 6 0 S 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 10 0

5 7 0 S 8 0 5 90 S 11 0 S 12 0 53 0

590 S 10 0 5 >* 0 s 12 0 53 0 S >4 0

5 11 0 5 id 0 s 13 0 5 15 ° 5 16 0 5 i7 0

5 14 0 5 J5 0 56 0 5 17 0 S9 0 6 0 0

5 17 0 S 28 0 59 0 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 3 0

6 0 0 6 1 0 6 z 0 6 4 0 6 5 6 6 0

6 3 0 6 4 0 6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690

6 6 0 6 7 0 690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 13 0

6 10 0 6 11 0 6 ij 0 6 14 0 6 15 0 67 0

6 14 0 6 15 © 6 17 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7. 1 0

6 18 0 7 0 0 7*0 7 3 0 7 4 0 7 6 0

7 2-0 7 4 0 7 5 0 7 7 0 7 8 0 7 10 0

A.D. 1808ft GEO. III. C. 148.

Schedule (E.) —

TABLE, No. 4. continued, — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer-Liver of them, which will be payable for every 100 of Stock transfeired, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the yodnger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

w Price of the s€ 3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

c 3.? v £*3 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80

and under and under and undei and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

72. -73- 74- 75- 76. 77* 78, ».79-.80. 81.

35* 0 VO 4 5 0 460 4 7 0 470 480 4«0 490 490 4 10 0

6. 460 4 60 470 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 II 0

7- 4 7 0 470 480 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4110 4 12 O

8. 480 480 490 49O 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 b

9- 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 414 0

40. 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0, '4 14 0 4ij 0 4 16 0

1. 4 11 0 4 I2'o 4 12 0 4 ^3 0 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 17 0

2. 4 12 0 4 x3 0 4 14 0 4 14 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 16 O 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 x9 0

3- 44 0 4 Ho 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 x7 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 4 19 0 5 0 0

4- ,5 0 4 16 0 4* 16 0 4 17 ° 4 18 0 4 19 0 4 0 500 5 1 0 5 2 0

5. 4 16 0 417 4 18 0, 4 19 0 5 00 5*0 5 a 0 5 a 0 5 3 0

48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

0 0, 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

V) rs Os4 CO VO 00 P CO Vi 00 vo 00«VO M VO M VO 1

14 - 4 M4 14*

to >0 vo vo v> VO vo vo vo vo VO VO vo vo ts rs rs ts 00 00

0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 ' O O 0 0 d O 0 0 0 0

>0 00 0 0 + IS os N rs O co IS M os 0 <4-

M M s M M M >4 M

to vo V) V) to vo VO VO vo VO VO VO VO is rs <s rs .00 00

0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0

co tN Ov M CO VO 004 CO vo OS (S vo O co 00 co 00 CO

M H s 4 M 14

0 Vi V) vo VO 'to vo vo VO vo VO vo ts ts ts rs 0 00

O 0 O O O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O O 0 0

«o «4- VO 00 O c* vo rs 0 W4*0B M to os N ts X >4 IS M

M M M* "* Hi H 14

to vj Vi Vi VO0 to VO vo VO vo VO vo VO is r> rs is 00

O 0 O O 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0

n M iO is ov 4 -t* vo Os 0 co VO 0 CO r» 0 VO O vo 0

4 M M Hi M M4 HI

' to Vi VO Vi to vo vi tO vo vo vo VO VO vo VO IS ts rs IS QO

0 O O 0 O O O O O 0 0 0 O 0 O 6 O O 0 0

H CO 4$- VO OO, Hi CO vo OO OS M VO os c* VO Ov4- 00 CO OO

M M M M M 14 Hi M Hi

V) vo vi Vi Vi vo VO tO VO VO VO VO vo VO VO VO ts ts ts rs

O 0 O O, 0 O O O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O

O n VO rs O c* K GO M <4- is vo CO CS rs«VO

M M H M 14* M c* Hi M

' vo vi Vi vi voo VO > V» to VO v* VO vo VO 0 ts ts rr IS

0 0 0 0 O 0 O O 0 O O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 M CO Vi ts C?\ M CO VO ts O «i vo 0 <0 rs M VO 0 VO

*44 M M Hi

*o Vi vi V) vo0' VO to vo VO vo vo VO VO vo rs ts rs ts

4*

O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0.0 0 0 0 0 0

Os 0* a VO 0* 0 e* to VO Os cs vo OS (S to O -4- os CO

M M M M HI 44 M

>0 V) vo V) VO vi VO VO vo to vo VO vo VO VO ts ts r* ts

O O 0 0 0 0 O O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O

OO OS M CO. vo Is OV M "4* VO 00 M is 14 + 00 CO rs f*

H >4 H 14, «4 H M4

Vi 1 vo vo vo VO VO VO VO to vo vo VO vo vo VO rs ts ts

vd 00 6\ d Vi H C$ CO to VO 00 OS >g M«CO 4* in

Schedule. (E).« — continued,

TABLE, No, 5. — Shewing the Anvvu Amount of Lire AnnviTiae granted on the Continuance of Two Live*.

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every sgioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Fifteen Years, but not by more thin Twenty Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

V 2 Price of the s@3 per Ceqt. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

3 cr v 'o " 60 61 and under 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70

V to and under 62 and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

6l. 63- 64. 65. 66. 67. 68. 69. 7°. 7U

35 4 0 O 4 I 0 4 1 O / 4 2 O 430 4 3 0 4 4 © 446 4 5 460 460

6. 4 X 0 4 2 0 4 2 O 4 3 0 440 440 4 3 0 450 460 4 7 O 4 7 0

7- 4 2 0 4 3 0 4 3 O 4 4 0 4 4 4 5 0 4 6 0 4 60 4 7° 4 8 O 480

8. 4 3 j 0 4 3 0 4 4 0*5 0 450 460 4 7 0 4 7 0 480 490 4 90

'9- 4 4 0 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 6 0 470 470 4 8 0 490 490 4 to 0 4 11 O

40. 4 s 0 4 6. 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 480 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 4 ti 0 4 12 O

1. 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 t2 0 4*3 0

2. 4 7 0 4 8 0 4 8 0 490 410 0 4 11 0. 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 «4 0 4 14 0

3- 4 S 0 490 4 10 0 4 xo 0 4110 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 14 o- 45 0 4 16 0

4- 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 413 © 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 »5 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 17 0

8°8r TTY to030 .8*

A.D. 1808; 48° GEO. nti C. 14a.' 5*7

0 O, O O O O 0, O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

o\ O d*'O <P 0 CO vo OV d vo 00, d vo

X X X X X M X

*0o »00 VO VO vo VO VO Vo VO VO VO VO VO

0 0 0 0 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0

CO O X O0 IN, Ov d «o vo 00 X ' fN 0

X X X X X X X

T* VO V) Vo VO VO VO VO vo VO VO VO vo VO vo

O O O O 0 0 0 O O O 0 0 0 0 0 0

r- Os X d VO 00 M X IN, OV d vo OV <0

X M M M X. X X

0 vj w» Vo VO0 vo VO y> VO vo VO v> vo

O O O O'O 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

vo 00 O M CO VO in O 0 CO 'O 00 X Vo ot>4

M M M.* X X

*0 VO VO Vo000 VO vo »o VO VO vo

0 0 0 0 0, 0 O O 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0

VO IN o\ O O + VO Ov Ov N«C IN 0 CO IN. p

X X X X X.X X

o VO VO Vo VO vo VO vo VO vo VO vo VO

O O 0 O O '0 0 0 0 0 0 O O O 0 0

,0 VO 00 O X co Vo 00 00 X <0 VO OV d VO Ov

X H X - X x- X

'* w> VO VO Vo VO vo Vo Vo vo vo VO vo vo

0 0 0. O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 O O 0 0 0

't*0 fN Ov d IN, tN O d vo 00 X- IN.

X M X X X X

.«- VO VO VO W vo vo vo VO vo »o vo vo vo

O O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O O O 0 0 0

V) VO 00 0 M <0 VO vo On vc ov CO vo

X M M X X. X

o VO VO vo vo O Vo vo VO0 0 vo

O 0 O O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 O O O 0

d Th0N Ov M d Vo0 00 0 CO VO00 H vo

X M X X M X X X X

- Vo vo vo vo vo vo vo Vo vo JL vo

O O 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

(1 «0 vo 00 0 x CO- vo OV X rf- 0.CO

X X M X X X'X

Vo0 Vo vo vo VO vo Vo VO \VO vo

O O O O 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0

x <+ O IN Ov X d0 Vo 00 0 CO VO Ov d

H M H M X M X X4

*VO Vo Vo vo Vo lo vo VO vo VO

\o vo CN. 00 6v 6 X d 4 v^ VO h. Ob Ov O

- VO

Schedule (Econtinued.

TABLE, No. _J. continued, — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which, will be payable for every jfe ioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than fifteen years, but not by tnore than Twenty Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

e« Price of the£3 per Cent. Consolidated of 1 Reduced Bank Annuities.

5.SjS 0*' t- 30 < 7* and under 7*-, 72 and under 73- 73 J and under 74- 74, and under 75- 75 and under 76. 76 and under 77* 77 and under 78. 78. and under 79* 79 and under.80. 80.and under 8l.

35* 4 7 O 4 7 0 4 8 0 490 49O 4 10 0 4 10 O 4 n O 4 12 0 4 It 0

6. 4 8 O. 4 8 O 490 4 10 0 4 ia O 4 1* 0 4* O 4 i* O 413 o' 4 13 0

7- 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 O 4 0 4 i3 O 4 13 O 414 0 415. 0

8. 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 11 0, 12 ' c 4 13 e 43 0 414 O 4 «S. 0 415 0 4 l6 0

9*4 " 0 4 12 0 43 0 4 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 415 O 4 16 0 4 17. 0 4 17 0

40. 4 13 0 4 13 c 414. 0 45 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 417 0 4 i7 0 4 4 18 0, 4, .»9 0

r. 4 14 0 4 »5 0 415 0 4 16 0 4 I? 0 4 17 0 4' 18 p 4' 19 0 49 0 s p 0

2. 4 IJ 0* 4 16 0 .4 17 0 4 17 0 4 j8 © 4 T9 0 5* 0 0 5 0 0 5 I 0 5 2 c

3- 4 17 0 417 0 4 18 0 4 '9 0 5 0 0 5 0 0 5*0 5 », 0 5 3 0 S 3 0

4* 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 2 0 S 3 & r 3 0 S 4 0 5 5 0

n

H

4* w 1

V

p

M

OO

O

09

5 o © 5 O O 5 i 0 s 2 0 5 3 0

6. 5 i o 5.a © 5 3 0 5'4 0 $ 5 0

7- '5 3 o 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 6 0

8: 5 .5 o 5 0 0 5 7' 0 s 8 o- 5 8 0

9 5 7 o GO 0 590 5 10 0 s n 0

5°- 5-9o 5 IO, 0 5 11 © S 12 0 5 13 0

i. 5 ii o 5 ia 0 53 0 5 H 0 S >5 0

2. 5 J4 o 5 15 e 5 16 0 5 17 0 5 18 0

3- 5 >5 o* 55 0 57 0 5 18 0 5 Ov 0

4- 5 i7 o 5 j8 0 59 0 6 1 0 6 2 ©

6 o9o 6 i 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 5 0

6. 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 t 0

7- 6 6 o 6 7 0 6 8 0 6 10 0 6 it*0

8. 6 10 o 6 it 0 6 12 0 6 13 0 65 0

9'6 13 0 6 14 0 6 16 0 6 l7 0 6 18 0

' 6o. 6 x7 0 6 18 0 7 0 0 7 1 0 7 2 0

s 4' 0 5 4 o- s 5 O s 6 0 s 7 0

5 5 0 '5 6 0 5 7 O 5 8 0 590

S 7 0 5 8 0 .59O 5 10 0 S 11 0

590 5 10 0 5 IX O S 12 0 5 13 0

S 11 0 5 12 0 5 J3 O 5 H 0 55 0

54 0 s 'S 0 S 16 0 S n 0 .5 18 0

5 16' 0 s7 0 5 18 0 5 19 0 6 0 0

5, J9 O' 6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0

6 0 0 6 1 0 6 2 0 6 3 0 6 4 0

6 3 0 6 4 0* 6 5 0 6 6 'O 6 7 0

6 6 0 6 7 0 6 8 0 690 6 10 0

690 6 10 0 6 11 0 6 12 0 6 13 0

6 12 0 6 J3 0 6 0 6 16 0 6 i7 0

6 16 0 6 17 0 6- M 00 0 7 0 0 7 1 0

7 0 0 7 X 0 7 a 0 7 4 0 7 5 0

7 4 0 7 5 0 .7 6 0 7 8 0 790

Oi

A.D. 180$. .'48° GEO. III.

Schedule (E.y — continued* -

TABLE, No. 6.-Shewng the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, ^and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty Years, but not by more than Twenty-five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

O0 § Price of the £3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

-a 60 61 62 6$ 64 65 66 67 6S 69, 7°.

o M and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

bO < 61»62.$ 65- 66. e?. 68 I. 69. 70. 7i-

'35. 4 ft 0 4 3 © 4 3 0 4 4 O 4 5 0 4 5 0 4*0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 480

I. 4 3 0 440 4 4 04 S O 460 4«0 4 7 O 4 8 0 4 8 O 490 4 10 0

7. 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 0 4 < O 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 O 490 49d 4 10 0 4 IO 0

8. 4 5 460 4 6 0 4 7 O 4 8 0 4*0 490 4 10 0 40 0 4 I. 0 4 11 0

9*4*0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4*O 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 1* e 4* 0 4 13 0

40. 4 7 0 4 I 0 490 4 4 O 40 0 4 0 4 11 0 4». 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 14 0

1. 4 8 c 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 II 0 4* 0 4 13 0 4 11 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0

ft. 490 4 10 0 4H 0 4 1* O 4 IJ 0 4 13 0 44 0 4 IJ 0 46 0 4 x6 0 4 »7 O

3. 4 11 0 4 ii 0 4 1st 0 43 O 4 14 0 45 0 4 16 0 44 0 47 0 4 18 0 4 19 0

4* 4 i* 0 4 13 © 4*4 0 45 O 4 15 0 46 0 47 0 4 >8 0 4 »9 0 5 0 0 500

5. 4 14 0 44 0 4 if 0 4 i4 O 4 17 0 4 18 "0 4 19 0 4 19 0 5 O 0 5*0 5»0

6. 4 >5 0 4 16 O 4 17 0 48 O 4 19 0 4 19 0 5 °N 0 5.1 0 5*0 5 3 0 5 4 0

?. 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 49 O 5 ° Q 5*0 S»0 5 3 0 5 t 0 5 S 0 560

8. 48 0 4 19 0 5 O 0 5*O 5*0 5 3 0 5 t 0 5 5 0 5 $ 0 5 7 0 j 8 0

9- 5 0 0 5 1 6 5 ft o 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 0 0 5 7 0 5 8 o' 590 j 10 0

5°* 5*0 5 ft 5 3 0 5*0 5 S 0 5«0 S 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 0 5 11 0

1. 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 0 0 570 5«0 590 5° 0 5 0 5 1* 0 JJ

1 % 5 5 0 560 5 7 0 5*0 590 5 10 0 5 8* 0 58 0 5 n 0 54 0 J 16 0

3* 5 7 0 580 590 50 0 511 0 5 H 0 5 >4 0 55 0 5 16 0 3 17 0 J ll

4- 590 51x0 5110 5 13 0 S4 0 5 15 0 5 16 0*f7 0 5 19 0 6 0 0*I 0

5* 5 0 5*3 0 5 14 0 5*5 3 tj 0 J 0 5 <9 0 6 0 0 6 t 0^« 0«

- .

icila*V i'll! '0208?

Age of younger Life.

TABLE, No. 6. — continued.

n.

7

8.

9-

4°.

i.

ft.

3

4-

V

8-

r

5°*

f.

ft.

3-

4

5-

- Price of the £ j per Cent Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

71 73 73 74 75 7(5 77.78 79 80 '

nd under and under and under And under and under and under and under and under and under and unde r

72. 73* 74 75 j<5. 77- 78. 79' 80, 81.

49o 4 IO o 4 IO o 4 11 o 4 Ift o 4 Ift o 4 '3 0 4 13 0 4 M 0 4 15 0

4 IO o 4 11 o 4, Ift o 4 12 o 43 o 43 o 4 14 0 45 0 4 »5 0 4160

4 II o 4 12 o 4 12 0 4 »3 o 44- o 4 15 o 4 15 0 46 0 4 17 0 4 17 O

Ift o 4 13 o 44 o 44 o 4 15 o 4 ]6 o 4 17 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0

4 >4 o 44 o 45 o 4 16 o 47 0 4 17 o 4 18 0 4 19 0 4 19 0 5 0 0

45 o 4 16 o 4 16 o 47 o 4 18 o 49 0 4 19 0 5 0 0 5*0 5*0

4 16 o 47 o 4 18 o 49 o 4 >9 o 5 o o 5 I 0 5*0 S*0 5 3.0

4 18 o 4 '9 o 5 0 o 5 o o 5 X 0 5 ft o S 3 0 5. 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0

5 o o 5 o 0 5 i o 5 ft o 5 3 o 5 3 o 5 4 0 5 S 0 5 6 0 5 7 0

5 i o 5 ft o 5 3 0 5 4 o J' 4 o 5 5 o 5 6 0 S 7 0 5 8 0 590

5 3 o 5 4 o 5 5 o 5 5 o 5 6 o 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 5 I 0 5100

5 3 o 5 5 o 5 6 o 5 7 0 5 8.o 59o 5 IO O' 5 11 0 5* 0 5 ift 0

5 7 o 4 8 o 5 8 o 590 5 IO o5 it o 5 ift 0 53 0 5 >4 0 5 15 0

59o s IO o 5 IO o 5 ii. o 5 ift o £J3 o 5 14. 0 5 15 0 5, 6 0 5 17 0

5 ii o s 12 o 53 o 5 14 o S5 o 5 16 o' 5 17 0 58 0 58 0 5 19 0

5 I*'o a »3 o 5 14 o 5 15 o 5 16 o 5 17 o 5 18 0 5 19 0 6 0 0 610

5 H o s5 o 5 16 o 5 17 o S 18 o S9 0 6 0 0 6 x 0 6 ft 0 6 3/0

57 o $ 18 o 39 o 6 o o 6 I o 6 ft o 6 3 0 6 4 0 6 5 0 660

'9 o 6 o 0 6 j o 6 ft o 4 4 o 6 5 0 6 6 0 6 r 0 6 8 0 690

6 2 o 6 3 o 6 4 o 6 3 o 6 6 o 6 8 o 690 6, 0 6 II 0 6 12 0

6 3 0 6 6 6 7 0 6 8 0 69G 6 It 0 6 ift 0 6 13'0 6 14 0 6 t$ u

Schedule (E.y--continued,

TABLE, No. 7.-Sh$wing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance oi Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every ^100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Puice thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee " by more; than Twenty-five Years, but not by more than Thirty Years at the Time of the Transfer.

o' 3 t Price of the 4^3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. l

bO 5 o 60 61 62 63 64 6S 66 67 68 69 70

w 2nd under and under and under and under and un.lei and undei and under r.nd under and under and under md under

eJJ < 6l. 62. 63. 64. 0; 66. 67. 68 69» 70 ! 7*

35- 4 4 0 4 5 0 4 5 O 4 6 O 4 7 O 4 7 O 4, 8 0 490 490 4 IO 0 4 XO O

4. 4 5 0 4*O 4 6 0 4 7 O 4 8 O 4 8 O 490 4 10 0 4 xo 4 XI 0 4 12 O

7. 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 7 0 4 8 O 49O 49O 4 JO 0 4 IX 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 43 O

8. 4 7 0 4 8 b 4 8 0 49O 4 xo O 4 11 O 4 II 0 4 12 0 4 13 0 43 0 44 0

9*4 8 0 490 4 10 0 4 10 O O. 4 12 0 43 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 45. 0 4 16 0

40 490 4 IO 0 4 11 0 4 12, o 4 I. O 4 »3 O 4 H 0 45 0 4 15 0 4 v6 0 47 0

i. 4 11 0 4, 11 0 4 12 0 43 0, «4 O 45 O 45 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0

a. 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 15 O 4 16 O 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 l8 0 4 19 0 s 0 0

3. 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 X 5 0 4 16 0 4 17 O 4 i7 O 4 18 0 49 0 5 O 0 5 X 0 5 2 0

4- 4 15.0 4fi 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 O .4- }f O 5 0 0 5 t 0 5 2 0 5 2 0 5 3 0

I 4 16 0- 4 »7 04 18 0 4 19 0 S 0 O 5 X O S 2 0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0

6. 4 18 0 49 0 S 0 0'5 t 0 5*0 5 2 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0

7. 5 0 0 5«0 5 2 0 5 a 0 5 3 O 5 4 O 5 S 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590

8. 5 0 0 5* 5 a 0 5 3 0 5 4 O 5 5 O S 6 6 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 3 10 0

9- 5 2 0*3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 S 7 O 5 8 0 590 5 10 0 5 11 0 5 12 0

50. 5 4 0 S 5 0 5*0 5 7 0 5 B 0 590 5 xo 0 5 / 11 0 5 1 ? 0 5 >3 0 5 >4 0

"wcrv!ni*030o8t 'o

48 Geo. III.

TABLE, No. 7. — continued.

Ji 3 u Price of the£3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

M C g 71 72 73 74 79 76 77 78 79 80

O: ind under and under md under and under ind under and under and under and under and under and under

\ 7*- 73- 74- 75 76. 77* 78. 79- 80. 004

3}* 4 n 0 4 11 0 4 It 0 4 »3 0 44 0 4 14 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 >7 O

6* 4 I. 0 4 13 0 4 H 0 4 14 0 45 0 .4 16 0 4 16 0 4 n 0 4 18 0 4 18 O

7 44 0 4 14 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 16 0 1 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 49 0 5 0 0

8. 45 0 4 l6 0 4 16 0 4 >7 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 1 O

9- 4 0 47 0 4 18 0 49 0 4 »9 0.5 0 0 5 1 0 5 1 0 5*a 0 5 3 0

40. 4 X. 0 4 18 0 49 0 5 0 0 5 1 0 5 X 0 5 a 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0

X. 49 0 5 0 0 S 1 0 5 % 0 5 a 0 S 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 0 S 5 6 5 6 O

a^ 5*0 5 a 0 5 % 0 5 3 0 S 4 0 5 5 0 5 6 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0

3- 5*0 5 3 0 S A 0 5 5 0 5 4 0 J 7 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 599 5 10 0

4. 5 4 0 S 5 0 5 6 0 5 7 0 5 8 0 S 8 0 590 5 10 0 S IK 0 5 is 0

5* 5«0 5 7 0 5 8 0 590 f90 5 XO 0 5 XI 0 5 is 0 53 .0 54 0

6. 5*0 590 5 xo 0 1 XI 0 5 11 0 5 1a 0 53 0 5 14 0 55 0 5 16 0

7. 50 0 5 11 0 5 IS 0 53 0 S 14 0 55 0 S5 0 5 16 0 S 17 0 5 18 0

t. 5 xi 0 5 i» 0 5 «3 0 5 14 0 5 15 0 S 15 0 5 16 0 57 0 $ 18 0 59 0

9 53 0 54 0 5 >5 0 5 16 0 57 0 5 18 0 5 J9 0 6 O 0 6 X 0 6 a 0'

50. 55 0 5 16 0 57 t> 5 I. 0 59 0 4 0 0 6 X 0 6 a 0 6 3 0 6 4 0

tfri'O 'HI '030 o8vS08i*a*V

Schedule (E.) — continued.

TABLE, No. 8. — 'Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Live % and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every s€ioo of Stock transferred, aocording to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee*b^ mOre th&n Thirty Years, but not by morejhan Thirty-five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

viJ J Price of the a#3 per Cent. Consolidated / or Reduced Bank Annuities.

tS> C 3 O, 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70

'o and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under., and under and under

& 6l. 62. 63. 64. 65. 66. 67. 68. 69. 1 7°# 71*

3* 4 6 0 4 6 0 4 7 0 4 8 0 480 490 4 10 °. 4 11 0 4 11 0 4 12 O 4 13 />

6. 4 7 4 80 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 0 4110 4 1294120 4 13 0 4 H 0

7* 480 490 490 4 xo 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 12 0 4 lS 0 4 14 ° 4 14 0 4 15 0

8. .490 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 II Q 4 12 0 4 13 0 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 16 0

9- 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 1a 0 4 !3 a 4^o 4 14 0 4 15 © 4 16 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0

4° 4 is 0 4 12 0 4 l3 0 4 14 0 4 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 4 19 0

1. 4 13 ° 4 i4 0 4 <4 0 4 lr O 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 i8 0 4 18 0 .4 »9 © 5 00 S 1 0

2. 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 ° 4 18 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 00 5 1 0 520 520

3- 4 16 0 4 !7 0 4 17 ° 4 18 0 4 19 0 5 00 5«0 5 20 520 3 3° 5 4 0

4- 4 17 0 4 iS 0 4 19 0 500 5*0 520 3 20 5 3 0 540 5 5° 5 60

5- 4 l9 0 500 5*0 5*0 5 a 0 5 3 0 540 S 5 ° 560 5 7 0 580

48° GEO. III. A.D. 1$oS«

TABLE, No. 8. — continued.

3 Price of the£3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

oO B a o >* 7l 72 - 73 74 75 76 77 78 7-9 8c

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

So < 72. 73* 74. 75- 76. 77' 78. 79- .80. 8l.

35 4 13 o 4 14 0 415 © _45 0 46 0 4 17 0 417 O 4 18 O 4 19 0 4 19 O

6. 4»j» 4 '5 0 4 16 0 47 0 417 0 4 18 0 419 O 4 19 0 5 O 0 5 a O

7- 4 16 0 47 0 417 0 4 iS 0 419 0 4 19 0 5 0 O 5 1 0 5 % 0 5 a O

8. 4 47 0 4 18 0 4 19 -a 4 19 0 500 510 5»O 5*0 5 3 d 5 4 O

9- 4 1? 0 4 19 0 500 5 1 0 j 3 © 520 5 3 O 5 4 0 5 5 0 5 5 O

40. 500 5*0 530 530 5 3° 5 4i 5 5 O 5 6 0 5 6 0 5 7 O

*i.'5 3 0 3 a 0 5 3 5 4 0 559 560 5 7 O 5 7 0 5 8 0 59O

2. 5 3 5 4 O' 5 50 560 579 5 7 0 5»O 590 5 10 0 5«O

3- 5 5 0 5 60 5 795 7 580 590 50 O 5 " c 5 12 0 5 i3 O

4- 5 7 3. 8 0 599 590 s 10 0 5 11 0 5 O 5 i3 0 5 14 0 5 1S O

3- 5 9 5 10 0 5 10 0 5 11*0 5 IiO S3954 O S 15 0 5 16 0 5 i7 O

' Schedule (E.) — continued.

TABLE, No. 9. — Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Lfver of them, which will be payable for every 100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty-five Years at the Time of the Transfer.

V. 0 Price of the per Gent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

2* § > 60 6l 62 63'64 6S 66 67 68 69 7

O and und«r and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

SO < - t 6l. 62. 63- 64. 65. 66. 67. 68. 69. 70. 0 71*

3.5' 4 8 0 480 490 4 10 0 4 10 O 4 11 0 4 12 0 4 13 O 43 0 414 0 4 0

6. 490 490 4 10 0 4 11 >o 4 13 0 4 12 O 43 0 4 14 0 4 14 0 4 ij 0 4 0

7- 4 10 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 4 12 0 43 0 43 0 4 14 0 4 ij 4 16 0 4 id 0 4 17 0

8. 4 11 0 4 via 0 4 12 0 4*3°, 14 ° 4 15 0 45 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 418 0 49 0

9- 4 10 0 4 13 © 4 14 0 4 J4 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 18 0 419 0 5 00

40. 4 13 0. 4 14 0 4 15 0 4 16 0 47 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 > 4 19 0 500 5 10 5 1 0

Oi

Ov

C. 143. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

TABLE, Nd. continued.

£ Price of the£? per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

a* § O > 'B 71 72. 73 74 75.76 77 78 79, 80

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

72. 73- 74- 75- 76. 77- 7S. 79* 80. 8l.

35- 415 0 4 16 0 4 17 0 4 17 0 418 0 4 19 0 4 19 0 500 5*0 5*0

6. 417 0 4 17 0 4 18 0 4 19 0 419 0 500 5 1 0 J*o 5»o 5.3 0

7. < 418 0 4 19 0 4 19 0 500 5*0 5 a 0 520 5 3 0 5 4 3 4 0

8. 419 0 500 S*0 5 a 0 5 3 0 5 4 0 5 5 5 5 560

9- 5*0 5*0 5*o 5 3 0 i 40 5 5*5 560 5 7 © 580

40- 5»0 530 s 40 5 50 5 So 560 5 7 0 580 590 590

Vr»

3

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 142.

518 Cm I42> 143. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULE (F.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from Time to Time at the Bank of England.

T DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That it appear* by a Certificate and Affidavit produced to me, conformably to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

fbere insert the Titls of this Act] That A.B. the Nominee

or, in case of Two Nominees, one of the Two Nominees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] described in the Certificate, No. of the Day of

granted for the Purpose of enabling the Transfer of 4? 3 per Centum Consolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said

[or, on the Lives of the said and

and the Life of the longer Liver of them] was living on the Day of on which Day a Half-yearly Payment of the said Annuity became due.

Witness my Hand this Day* of

SCHEDULE (G.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Receipt of One-fourth Part of aa Annuity, upon the Death of a Gngie or fur living Nominee.

DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bark of*England, That it appears by a Certificate and Affidavit produced to me, conformably to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here in/2r/ the Ti{le of the Alt'] that A.B. the Nominee [or,

in case of Two Nominees, the surviving Nominee] described in the

Certificate, No. of the Day of

granted for the Purpose of enabling the Transfer of off. 3 per Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the rurchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said [or, on the Life of the said and

and the Life of the longer Liver of them] died on the Day of

Witness my Hind this Day of

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable Liquors by Retail \ and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[ad Jtdy 1808.]

Stamp Act, T TJ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the

44 G. 3. 90.«W*Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the

(A.J 'federal Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to

'gnnnt

grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ certain Stamp Duties were imposed on Licences granted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate or Magistrates for selling Ale, Beer,

or other Exciseable Liquors by retail: And whereas it is expedient

that the said Duties should be repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and singular the said Duties shall cease and determine; lave and except in all Cases relating to the receiving or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, winch may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Tenth Day of October. One thousand eight hundred and eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Person or Persons, who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who shall fell Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, shall, before he, she, or they shall fell any Beer or Ale by Retail, or any Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, take out an Excise Licence, authorising such Person or Persons to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, and also Cyder and Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises; which Licence shall be granted in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say) If any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under* the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them for the Time being shall from Time to Time appoint #or employ for that Purpose; and if any such Licence shall be taken out in any Part of England, not within the said Limits, the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts; and in case any such Licence shall be tfcken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; or if any such Licence shall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, out of the said Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts; and the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Two or more of them respectively, and the Persons to be appointed or employed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, on the Person or Persons so applying, first paying for such Licence a Duty of Two Pounds

LI4 Two

Dulles on Licences to fell Ale, &c. under recited Act repealed.

After 10th October 1698, in Great Britain, such Licences shall be granted by Commissionera of Excise at the Head Offices, and by Collectors in the Country.

Licence Duty til. 2s.

Duty on such licences shall be paid to the Head Office or to the Collecton.

Duration of licence; 10th October yearly.

Time of taking out licences, in certain Cases of Charters* &c.

Licences (ban be renewed within Ten Days after Inspiration.

Penalty 50l. Eaecutorsand Assignees may nave the Benefit of licences.

Two Shillings* to be applied and accounted for as herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act directed to be paid for such Licences* shall be paid at such Places* or to such Persons as are herein after in that Behalf respectively mentioned; (that is to say) For Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Extrife iu London, the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; and for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and for Licences which shall be taken out in any1 Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits* the lame shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise granting such respective Licences; and all Licences which shall be granted under and by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons, to fell Beer and Ale by Retail* and Cyder and Perry* to be drank or consumed in his* her* or their House or Premises, shall remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of 0Sober next ensuing the Time of granting thereof* and no longer.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Case* where the Licence or Authority granted by any J11 dices of the Peacp or Magistrates* or other competent Persons to any Person or Persons to keep a Common Inn, Ale House or Victualling House, shall under or in pursuance of any Charter, Cudom, or Usage, be issued at any Time of the Year except in the Month of September % and terminate or expire at any Time of the Year except in the Month of September, then and in every such Case the Excise Licence required by this Act to be taken out for the Sale of Beer, Ale, Cyder* or Perry, shall be taken out within Ten Days next after the Date of the said Licence or Authority of the Justices of the Peace, Magistrates* or other competent Persons and such Excise Licence shall continue in force for Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the Date of the Commencement thereof* any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall fell any Beer or Ale by Retail* or any Cyder or Perry* to be drank or consumed in his* her, or their House or Premises* after the Expiration of such his* her* or their Excise Licence* unless such Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence* for the said Purposes, in the Manner herexn-before directed within Ten Days after the Expiration of such former Licence* and so in like Manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; or if any Person or Persons shall fell any ^>eer or Ale by Retail* or any Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his* her* or their House or Premises, without fird taking out an Excise Licence* authorising him* her* or them so to do* or without renewing the same as is herein in that Behalf directed, he* (he* or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any Person so licensed, or upon the Removal of any Person or Persons so licensed from the entered House or Premises in which such his, her, or their Excise Licence shall authorize him* her* or them to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, of their House or Premises, it shall be lawful for the Commissionen rf Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the Time

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. in

.143; j*l

being; or any one or more of thenJ, and to and for the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, within their respective Collections and Districts, upon the Production of a Certificate of a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate or other competent Person, given after the Death or Removal of the former Occupier of the House or Premises, approving of the Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall be given, to authorize and empower such Person or Persons in like Manner, to fell Beer and Ale by Retail, or Cyder and Pdrry to be drank and consumed in his, her, ' or their House or Premises, in the same House or Premises where such Person so licensed by virtue of such Excise Licence earned on such Trade, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Excise Licence during the Residue of the said Term: Provided always, that Person j trading in Partner- 1

ship, and in One House or Premises only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Excise Licence to fell Beer and Ale by Retail, or Cyder and Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, in any One Year and that no One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, v

to be drank and consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, iu any other House or Premises, than the House or Premises in which he, she, or they shall fell or have fold Beer or Ale, or Cyder or Perry, at the Time of granting such Licence.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither His licence* ftcB Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, h

nor any Persons who shall be appointed or employed by the said Com- toPcrfw* mi (Honeys in England\ to grant Licences to Persons for selling Beer

or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be di'ank or consumed in the House or Premises of the Person or Persons applying for such,

Licence, nor any of the Collectors or Supervisors of Excise, shall grant or deliver any Licence to (ell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in the House pt Premises of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors or itrong Waters or Wine or Liquors by Retail to any Person or Persons who shall not produce a Licence or Authority granted to him, her, or them in due Form of Law, by Justices of the Feace or Magistrates, of other competent Persons, to such Person or Persons to keep a common Inn, Ale House, or V idualling House, and every such Licence or Authority shall be in the Form following; videlicet,

County of1«a T a General Meeting for

3 ' the holden at

within the said on the Day of

*. for the Purpose of authorising and empowering

Persons to keep common Inns, Ale Houses, or Victualling Houks,

We being His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the or Magistrates of £as the Case

may be] do hereby authorize and empower, A.B. at the Sign of

in the of

in the aforesaid, to keep a common Inn, ' Ale

House, or Victualling House, and' to utter and fell in the House

in which he now dwelleth, and in the Premises thereunto belonging,

and not elsewhere, Victuals, and all such Exciseable Liquors as he shall

Form of

Magistratefr

Allowance.

A.D. 1808.

S»

Saw me for Hesitations aa to licences by Ma^illrttes, in Cu/parat'kons, &c,

Clerks to Justices may take Frear aa hereto! ore.

Persons disabled from keeping Ale Houses by CovnrKftion, shall thereby forfeit licence under this Act.

C. 143* 48° GEO. III.

shall be ficensed and empowered to fell under the Authority and ? Permission of any Excise Licence which shall be duly granted by the Commissioners of Excise, or Persons to be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, or by any Collector and Superviforof Excue respectively, provided that the true Assize in Bread, in Beer, Ale, Cyder, and all other Liquors, be duly kept, and that no un« 4 lawful Game or Games, or any Drunkenness or other Disorder, be suffered in his House, Yard, Garden, or Premises, but that good Order and Rule be maintained and kept therein, according to the Laws of this Realm in that Behalf made: The Authority a: d 4 Power hereby granted to continue in force for One whole Year from the Day of and no longer. Signed.'

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter or in any Manner to affect any Law or Laws or any Provision in any Charter or Charters or any Privilege of any City or Town Corporate or of any University now in force, or lawfully used or exerciLd, in relation to the granting of Licences by any Justices, Magistrates, or other Persons authorised by Law to grant Licences for Perfo.is keeping common Inns, Ale Houses or Victualling Houses; or in relation to the taking of any Recognizances upon granting of any such Licences, or requiring or doing any other Act, Matter, or Thing relating to any such Licences: Save and except as to the Payment of Duties and Form of Licence as aforesaid, or to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament as to the Sale of Table Beer at a Price not exceeding Three Halfpence per Quart.

Licences granted before October 10, 1808, shall continue in full Force for the Term for which granted. §9."

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to diminish or alter any Fees heretofore lawfully taken and received by any Clerks of any Justices or Magistrates; but it shall be lawful to continue to demand and take such and the like Fees, and no other or different Fees, for Licences to keep any /common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling House, as have heretofore been taken by such Clerks in that Behalf.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having any Licence to keep a common Iun. Ale House, or Victualling House, who shall be disabled by any Conviction from keeping a common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling House, shall also by such Conviction be disabled from felling any Beer or Ale by detail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, under any Excise Licence obtained for such Purposes; and every such Excise Licence shall from the Time of such Conviction be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and in all Cases of Prosecution cf any such Persons, whose Excise Licences Hull have become null acd void by such Conviction, a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace, or Person acting as such, of any such Conviction, shall be legal Evidence 5 which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace, or other Person, is hereby authorised and required to grant on demand, without F^e or Reward.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by filth Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty,

or

Rrforery and

Application of penalties.

A.D. 180ff.

4^ GEO. III. C« 14$)

or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill* Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminfisr^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

Powers of former Excise Acts extended to this Act. $ 13. Duties 41 shall be carried to Consolidated Fund of Great Britain. §14."

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act for the more effectual Protection of Oyster Fisheries and the Brood of Oysters in England* [ad July 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for bet Ur protecting the federal OyJIer Fisheries within this Kingdom: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act have been found inadequate to the Protection of the Oyster Fisheries of this Kingdom: And whereas Doubts have arisen, since the passing of the said Act, whetherithe taking Oysters or Oyster Brood from any Oyster Bed or Laying, or from any Oyster Fishery, can under any Circuxnstances be deemed Felony, and punishable as such .* And it is therefore expedient and nfccefiary that more effectual Provision should be made for the Protection of the Oyster Fisheries, and for removing such Doubts as aforesaid: Miiy it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted and be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall at any Time after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, knowingly and wilfully Ileal, take, and carry away any Oysters or Oyster Brood from any Oyster Bed, or Oyster Laying, or Oyster Fishery, being the Property of any Person or Persons or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, and sufficiently marked out as such, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall and may be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in any Common Gaol or House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, or imprisoned only for any Term, not exceeding Three Years; as the Court before whom any such Person shall be convicted may adjudge.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject or make liable any Person or Persons to the Penalties of this Act who shall take or carry away any Oyster or Oyster Brood from any Oyster Bed, Oyster Laying, or Oyster Fishery, wherein such Person or Persons shall have or claim to have a Right to take and carry away such Oysters, or Oyster Brood.

III. And whereas Doubts may arise in what Parish or County any Oyster Beds, Layings, or Fisheries are situated, and on that Account Difficulties may occur in bringing Offenders to Justice be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be sufficient in any Indictment under this Act, or under the said recited Act of the

4 Thirty-

sn

si G.s.s.*1.

Penalty on Persons Healing Oysters or Oyster Brood from Oyster Beds, Felony, punishable by 'JTra importation, &c.

Proviib for Persons claiming Right.

Parish need not be named in Indictments, and Offence may be laid in the County where Indi&rnent is preferred.

A.D. 1808.

524 C. 144, 48° GEO. III.

TJurty-first Year aforesaid, to describe, either by Name or otherwise, the Bed, Laying, or Fishery in which the Offence shall hare been committed, without fitting the same to be in any particular Pariflt; and where the Offence 1* committed on the Border of any County, so as to make it difficult to ascertain the County, such Offence may be stated to have been committed in the County in which the Indictment shall be preferred, being either the County in which the Offence was committed, or the adjoining County.

IV. And whereas it is doubtful whether Justices of the Peace for Towns Corporate, Boroughs, or other Places, and not being .*Counties of themselves, and having special or exclusive Jurisdictions, can aft by virtue of the Statute of the Thirty-fird Year aforesaid Justicei for be it therefore enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for such Towns, Sic. mty Jijftices to act in all Cases arising within their respective Jurisdictions " Justices \ in like Manner as any Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, for Counties, or mZy act for such County, Riding, or Division, in the

Execution of the said Act, or of any Law for protesting the Oyfier Fisheries, and Broods of Oysters.

Pm»ifions of V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained

aiG.a. c. si. shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to repeal any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty-fird Year aforesaid, except so far as the same respect the dealing and taking of Oydera from any Oyder Bed, Laying, or Fishery,

CAP. CXLV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer in /Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices.

[2d July 1808.]

d9G.a. c. 110.«X WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the ? Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts in Westminder Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary y and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to.Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts e/" Westminder Hall, on the Resignation of their reJheBive

17-Offices, it is enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, to give and grant unto any Person who

may have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, or shall have executed the Office of the Master of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of

*'4 the Exchequer, or of Puisne Judge of the Court of King's Bench

or Common Pleas, or of Baron of the Coif of the Court of Ex-

*chequer*respectively, certain Annuities therein mentioned, upon the

§ 5.4 Resignation of their several Offices: And whereas by the said in

part recited Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is further enacted, that the Successor of

every such Person so dying or resigning should be entitled to have and receive from all Persons whatsoever, such Salaries and Profits

as should arise and become due from the Death or Resignation of his

Predecessor, in like Manner as if his Patent had borne l)ate the Day

next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Pre-» ' decessor: And whereas it is reasonable and expedient that Annuities

«should

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 14

S*S

should in like Manner be granted to the Judges of the Courts of Session and Judiciary, and to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Resignation of their respective Offices; and also that the Successor of every such Judge should in like Manner be entitled to have and receive such Salaries and Profits as may arise and become due from the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor:

4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ? and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His Majesty's Sign Manual, to give and grant unto any Person who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Session, or of the Lord Justice Clerk, or of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or of any Judge or Lord of Session, or of any Lord Commissioner of Judiciary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, as well before as after the passing of this Act, and who shall have respectively resigned any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, sot exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such Office at the Period of the Resignation thereof; and evexy such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money mall commence from and after the Period when the Person to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall have resigned his Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be gvantca as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be paid out of the Monies that shall ariie from auy of the Duties and Revenues in Scotlandt which by Acts made in the Seventh ?md Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Jtnnr, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be paid and payable, free of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, (Property Tax excepted,) at such and the same Times and in such and the same Manner as the Salaries of the Judges of the said Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, are notv paid and payable: Provided always; that no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, granted to any Person having executed the Office of Lord President of the Court of Session, Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Lord Justice Clerk, Judge or Lord of Session, Lord Commissioner of the Court of Justiciary, or Baron of the Court of Exchequer respectively, shall b* valid, unless such Lord President, Lord Chief Baron, Lord Justice Clerk, Judge or Lord of Session, Lord Commissioner of the Court of Judiciary, or Baron of Exchequer respectively, shall have continued in one or more of the said Offices for the Period of Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirpiity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distiti&ly recited in the said Grant.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Successor of every Person who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Session, or of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland\ or of the said Lord Justice Clerk, or of a Judge or Lord

Session, or of \ Lord Comraiffioper of the said Court of Judiciary,

or

His Majesty may grant Annuities for Life to tits Judges of tite Court of Seifioii and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, on their Resignation, not exceeding Three-fourth* of their Salary.

Conditions on which Auuuitiflf shall be granted. Fifteen Years Service, or permanent Infirmity.

Successor* of Judges, &c.

shall receive theif Salaries from the Death, &c. of the Fredeeefibr*

AJO. i8o£.

516

96 G. 3. C. 46.

46 G. 3. o. 154*

C. 14St 145. 48 GEO. III.

or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, shall be entitled to have and receive, and there shall be issued and paid to such Successor, out of the Monies anting from any of the Duties and Revenues charged or made chargeable with keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland as aforesaid, such Salary as shall have arisen and shall have become due from the Death or Re-jxgnation of his Predecessor, in like Manner as if his Letter Patent r Commission had borne Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Retignation of his Predecessor.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act for vesting the Stock of the Court of Session in Scotland in Trustees, for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice, and a Publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act jpafled in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary % and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a certain Fund, calied, The Stock of the Court, which was raised by Grants before the Union of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and amounted at the Period of the passing of the said Act to Twenty-two thousand seven hundred Pounds, together with the Sum of One thousand one hundred*thirty-five Pounds, being One Year's Interest thereon, was directed to be paid in to the then Receiver General of His Majesty's Land*Rents in Scotland, in order to be by him remitted to the Exchequer*of England; And whereas the said Sums of Money were accordingly*paid to the said Receiver General, who died before accounting for the same to the Publick, and which Sums so unaccounted for by the said Receiver General, did, on the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, amount to the Sum of*Twenty-seven thousand seven hundred sixty-six Pounds.Four Shi!- lings and Eight-pence, including Intereil to that Date, which has*been or is in course of being recovered from the Representative of the said Receiver General, and have been, so far as recovered, lodged with Banks or Bankers in Scotland: And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty-six th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were Jttuated, atfd ending new Buildings in lieu thereof, certain*Sums of Money therein mentioned, arising from certain forfeited*EHates in Scotland, were directed to be paid to the King's Re- membrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, or to his Deputy, to be by them applied with all convenient Speed towards erecting and com- pitting the said new Buildings, according to such Instructions as Should from Time to Time be given by the Chief Baron and Barons of the said Court of Exchequer: And whereas additional Accommodation is required for carrying on the Business of the Courts of Session and Judiciary in Scotland, and for the Use and Convenience*of the Judges, and of the Clerks and Officers thereof, and the

Buildings

A.D. 1808.

5*7

48° GEO. III. C. 146.

Buildings necessary and proper for this Purpose may be erected so as

to be connected with the Buildings now used for the Courts of Seffian and Judiciary, and with the Buildings now ereAing for the said Court of Exchequer, and also in such Manner as to give further

Accommodation to the Library of the Faculty of Advocates, which has always been deposited in those Edifices, being of the greateffc Service to the Courts of Justice, and accordingly encouraged by Parliament: And whereas the present Prison or Gaol in the City of9Edinburgh has been employed, not only for confining Debtors and for the local Service of the City of Edinburgh and County of Edinburgh, but as a National Gaol for confining Per finis accused of '.Crimes, who are brought from all Parts of Scotland for the Purpose of being tried before the Lords of Judiciary, and Criminals who have been convicted before them and suffer Imprisonment for the Purpose of their Sentence, and the same is not only too small, incommodious, and unsuitable for a Prison for such Purposes, but is also deca) ed and not sufficiently secure: And whereas it is therefore necessary that a new Gaol should be erected for the Purposes of a 4 National Gaol as aforesaid, which may be combined with the Gaol for the City of Edinburgh and County of Edinburgh, and towards the Expence of which the said City and County may and ought to contribute: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pfefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Clerk Regider of tfcotkmd, the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Lord Provod of the City of Edinburgh, the Dean of the Faculty of Advocates, the Soliditc General of Scotland, and the Members of Parliament for the City and for the County of Edinburgh, all for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed TruAees for the Purposes of this A A, and any Three or more of the said Tmftee3 shall be fufneient for doing any Matter or Thing which the said Trustees are authorised to do by this Act.

Said 27, 766/, 4/. Sd. shall be paid to the King's Remembrancer in Exchequer for the Purposes of this Act, under Order of the Trustees. §2. Money shall be forthwith paid by Remembrancer into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank, and be accumulated, until applied to the Purposes of this Act. §3. Money so de- posited shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, from Time to Time, under Order of the Trustees. §4. Additional Buildings for the Court of Session to be erected, under Direction of said 44. Trustees. §5. Afterwards Trustees may agree with the Magistrates of Edinburgh for ereAing a Gaol. §6. And apply Money then iu Hand to that Purpose. §7. Bodies Politick, 8cc. may be admitted to join with Trustees for the Purposes of ereAing Offices or Halls, or Places of Meeting, adjoining to the Courts, &c.< §8. Trustees empowered to purenase, and incapacitated Persons to convey, for the Purposes of this Act. §9. But none shall be compelled to fell. §10."

Tiufleei appointed far the Purpose of this Act

5* C. 147, 148. 48° GEO. III. A.D. 1808.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act to permit the Sale of the Dantfb Prize Ship Confianlia Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of Ftnvej, in the County of Cornwall.

[3d July 1808.]

_*The Ship and Cargo allowed to be sold at "Fowey, notwithstanding the Provisions in 43 G. 3. c. 134. §4. — Paying the Duties due to " the East India Dock Company under the A&» 43 G. 3. cap. cxxvi. and 40 G. 3. cap. cxiii. as if the Ship had hies brought into the " East India Docks."

5 I.

Hr

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousai^d eight hundred and eight* and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament* [2d July 1808.]

£. 5, 500, 000 Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund.

III.

43 G. 3. c

20, 000, 000 From the following Duties, w*.

Additional Customs under Additional Excise Duties on Property 1 Additional Customs

Additional Duties on Property Additional Excise Tobacco, &c*

Additional Customs

Additional Duties on Property — < Additional Excise on Brandy 47 G. 3. >?. 1 Customs 486.3.

5, 000, 000 Part of the Sum of £. 19, 80^, 000

granted by 47 G. 3.Jl. 2. r. 76.

41G. 3.

45 G. J.

46 G. 3.

70. 81..122.

S3-

39*

: % c. 27. c. 26.

IV. 726, 870 9

Surplus of Consolidated Fund on 5th April 1808.

5} Surplus of Grants for 1807.

V. 2, 253, 111

VI. The following Sums, viz<

Produce of Malt and Pension Act, not exceeding

3.000. 000

3.000. 000 500, 000'

10.500.000

3.000. 000 1, 500, 000

10.500.000

Lotteries,

6.000. 000

20, 000, 000

5.000. 000 726, 870

2, 253, 111

3*500, 000

o

o

o

Of

o

o

0

48 G. 3*

advanced by the Bank

Unclaimed Dividends -

Exchequer Bills -

Ditto ——

Ditto ——

Loan (after deducing 2, 500, 000l. remitted to Ireland,) -

(deducting Otic-third (or Ireland,) -

o o Exchequer Bills -' —

0 0 out of War Taxes (granted above. See n II. Y o (granted above, § III.)

8^ (granted above, § IV.)

c. 3. c. 4. c. 7.

53-

c. 54.

r. 76. r. 139.r. 114.

si Surplus of Grants (See § IV.) o out of Consolidated Fund (See $ I.)

XOD

'SO

nC K

J8

st .2 a

C SO

c

O

o

a.

8

i

is

p«-

of s

S co

a

<S

*C

Ol

VII. The

A.D. 1«o8.

48° GEO. III.

G148.

5*9

VII. The following Sums, viz,

*.1, 250, 000 o o (I.C.)Treasury] 2, 500, 000 o o (Loan)

750, 000 o o (I.C.) Loan'Share of Lotteries, 500, 000 o o (Treasury Bills) VIII. Application, viz,

18, 317, 547 19 10 3, 126, 500 o o

'liM5ji*'48^.3^.103/; C, 76.*0-

03*

ill J A 9, f*, 39* r.ri2.d

3, 211,000

5, 070^00

591, 500

M4*»959

o o o o o 3 19* 10

2, 351, 188 o o

I*757»5°°

281, 400

o

o

505, 500 o o

50, 000 230, 000 IX. 2, 200, 000

X. 500, 000 o

XI. 1, 100, 000 o XII. 300, 000 o XIII. 19, 439, 189 6 7, 277, 98° o

25, 281 12 9

3, 082, 870 17 10

43M04 7 9

3*>99l

197, 602

5

6

226, 017 15 3

for the Navy Services following,1*. for Wages of 130, 000 Men, including 31, 400 Marines)5 & their Victualling - - ( SS J

Wear and Tear of Ships I Ordnance for Sea Service I l Ordinary of the Navy including ' Half-pay.

Building, rebuilding, and repair* ing Ships of War extra.

Hire of Transports.

Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad.

Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad.

Ditto Sick. - -Ordnance for SeaJService.

For the Service of Great Britain, "

" to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigencies of Affairs may require."

For the Service of Ireland for like Purpose.'-Advanced to the King of Sweden* Advanced to the King of Sicily, for the Land Services following, viz for Land Forces at Home and - Abroad (except in the East Indies and Foreign Corps.) -for Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for recruiting the Regiments serving in India, for the embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry in Great Britain and Ireland, '--for General and Staff Officers and Hospital Officers in Great Britain and Ireland,

Supernumerary Officers of the Forces.

Principal Officers of publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, and ExchequerTees. on account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including British, American Foroes, &c.

Mm

it* <r. 1 17 1 18 3 o o 7

d.

o I For 13 o t Months.

oj

For the Year 1808.

Out of all or any of the Aids or Sup* plies aforesaid.

From 25th Dee, 1807, to 24th Dec, 1808.

For the Year 1808;

48 Geo. III.

Si o

A.D. 1808.

C. 148.

10, 464 13 434»4io .8

48° Geo. nr.

46, 495 10

293*487

o o

866, 558

18, 852

118, 676

5 3 8 9

From 25th ZW. 1807, to 24th Dec. 1808.

13*500 o o

442, 262 13 J90>253 7

579, 086

26, 814

625, 000

o o

4 7

o o

XIV.

500, 000 o 2, 901, 890 10

256, 949 12 O 432, 748 15 II 121, 482 13 I

XV. 10, 500, 000 o o

XVI. 5, 000, 000 o o

XVII. 3, 000, 000 o o

XVIII. 1, 500, 000 c 3 XIX. 4, 024, 200 o o XX. 27, 288 8 11

for Military Allowances to ditto. For the Year 1808. Chelsea and Kilmainham x In and From 25th 1Dec. Out Peiifioner9, and Expences > 1807, to 24th

of the Hospital. - - J Dec. 1808.

Widows' Peiiiion8 in Great Bri- 1 -c* .1 v 0

Am and Ireland. - - } For* Year 1808.

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland.

Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service.

Allowances to Chaplains of'

Forces.

Medicines and Hospital Contingencies. - - )> For the Year 1808.

on account of Land Officers'

Children and Widows not entitled to Pensions.

Barrack Department in Ireland. for the Commissariat and Extra Forage of the Cavalry in Ireland.

Barrack Department in Great '

Britain. -

Probable Expenditure of Commissary General's Office.

Probable extraordinary Expenditure ditto.

From 25th Dec.

1806, to 24th

J Dec. 1807. Extraordinary Services of the't

Army in Great Britain - >For the Year 1808. Ditto in Ireland. -

For Ordnance Office for Land 1 v 0

Service for Great Britain. J For the Year l8oS-Ditto not provided for - In 1807.

for Ordnance Office in Ireland For the Year 1808. Ditto not provided for - In iSo7*

To discharge out-standing Exchequer Bills under

47' G. 3*Jl* 1 c. 2.

Ditto issued for the Service of 180/.

To discharge Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of 1807, under 47 G. $.J1. 2. c. 6.

Ditto under 47 G. $.Jl. 2. c. 7.

Ditto ----- ----- c. 73.

From 25th Dec. 1807, to 24th Dec. 1808.

-^For the Year 1808.

147, 179 15 2 Extraordinary Expences of the

Army.

2, 850, 000 o o

v

To make goqd Money issued by Addresses of the Houfie of Commons.

XXI. Civil Establishments, viz.

26, 310 O .0 Sierra Leone.

13, 583 4 aj- New South Wales.

600 o o Dominica.

1, 030 o o Bermudas Islands.

3, 700 O o Bahama Islands.

1, 985 o O Newfoundland.

2, 060 o o Cape Breton.

From 1st Jan. to 31st Dec. 1808.

A.D. 1808.

C. 14$.

XXII.

48° GEO. III.

*3.*

£. 3, TOO o o 10, 10$ o o 5, 500 o o 8, 430 o o

23.000 o o 21, 525 17. 4 i9>9°893 73»587 2 1

80, 109 16 8 5, 000 o o

12.000 o o 7, 548 o o 4, 696 o o

f44*45 17 1

*>337

1, 400, 000

1, 299

5

o

4

6, 345 16 o

19

3>5°°

348

5>597

219

55

547

1, 623

2, 698

127

1, 560

661

82

344

2.175

434

166

12

o

11

6

H

13

8

o

9

16

9

11

14

3

17 17

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

o

6

7

o

o

6

10.

- J

Ac-

For the Year 1808.

Prince Edward I (land. -1

Nova'Scotia. - - Ftqm 1st Jan. to

New Brunswick. - - 31st Dec. 1808.

Upper Canada. -

For British Forts on Coasts of Africa.

S# SR cum }F"theY"'lte8'

Discharging 5 per Cent. Annuities, under 37 G. 3. c. 10. J, Qth CSober 1808. Ditto, under 42 G. 3. c. 8.

Fees on passing publick counts.

Publick Office Bowdlreet.

Superintendance of Aliens.

Deficiency for printing Votes, Bills, &c. House of Commons in 1807.

French Clergy, TouIoufe9 Dutch y and Corsican Emigrants, and > For the Year 1808. American Loyalists.J \

Deficiency of Grant for ditto for the Year 1807.

f Interest on Exchequer Bills paid qff in 1808.

Thames Police Office for Plan of Security for Shipping.

Horse Patiole round the Metropolis, to loth October 1807.

Mathematical instruments for New South Wales. Repairs, &c. at the Audit Officeinthe Adelphi. For Services in investigating Debts of the Prince of Wales.

Bounty on British American FHh imported into West India lilands.

Deputy Sergeant at Arms to House of Commons for House to Midsummer 1807.

For Trouble relating to the Act for enforcing the Residence of Clergy.

For Index to Journals of the Peers.

<{ Serjeant at Arms to the House of Lords for Services during 1807.

Chairman of Committees of House of Lords for the Year 1807.*

Etftra Expences respecting the Non-residence of Clergy.

Expences of Commissioners of Military Inquiry, under 45 G. 3. c. 47.

Removal of Monuments in Westminster Abbey. Reimbursements of Fees on American Loyalist Grant.

Stationary for New South Wales.

Bills drawn from New South Wales for the Year 1808.

Publishing Average Price of Brown Sugar.

For Fish imported into St. Vincent's from New*

' foundland.

Mm2

i

is

o

g

to

J8

ca

o

b

53?

A.D. 1808.

C. 148.

*-W5 5 3, 238 10

*, 085 4 534 4

8, 702 18 2, 311 12

368 i» 762 10

*3.393

48.250 o

*»*34 4 3M°° o

5, 016 6 4.4594

21, 800 o

1, 389 o

5, 000 o 14*420 o

10.250 14

3, 19* >9

20, 000 o 25, 068 6

5.000 o

1.000 o 68, 767 10

9.547 14 54, 000 o

1, 913 12

6.000 o

' 51, 250 14

12, 100 6

V

8, 960 o

48° GEO. III.

6

o

o

II

10

8

S*

o rs

ll

-a.£ '

: cj .3

O o

o

o

5

0

1

3

4

o

o

|S

>For the Year 1808.

o

3

o'o o

7

o

Printing Tattles of Plan of Finance, in 1807. For promoting Discoveries in the Interior of Africa* t

Ditto.

Salary to Commissioner for the Affairs of Trinidad from the 226 Day of July 1806 to the 14th Day of February 2808.

Arrears of Salary as First Commissioner for ditto. Arrears of Salary to Surveyor General of Trinidad from 31st January 1806 to 15th August 1807.

For Attendance of sundry Officers of the House of Commons on publick Committees. Coilnfel to Chajrman of House of Lords for 2807.

For the Royal Military Canal.

Convicts at Hornet

For Stationary for Exchequer.

Printing and Stationary for both Houses of Parliament.

For Deficiency of Grant for ditto, for the Year 1807.

For Printing by Order of Commissioners of publick Records.

For Printing Votes, Bills, &c. of House of Commons during Semon 48 G. 3.

For Printing Vol. 35. of the Journals of the Peers.

Naval Asylum.

To 'discharge Bills from South Wales* -

For Roads and Bridges in Highlands of Scotland, under For the Year 1808.

43 <7. 3. r.8o.

For printing Vol. 6o. of the Journals 0? the Commons.

For Law Charges.

For purchasing Buildings and Grounds in and near Palace Tardf under 44, 45, and 46 G. 3. (See 46 G. 3. c. 89.)

To assist the Levant Company.

For repairing Henry VII.'s Chapel* Westminster Abbey.

For Secret Services for 1808.

For re-printing Journals, 4c. of, the Commons for 1808.

For Expences in building- a new Mint on Tower HiUf for 1808.

Salaries, &c. to Officers of both Houses of Parliament, for Session 1808.

Bounties for Fish brought to London and Westminster, for 1808.

Inland Navigation from the Eastejm to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, for 1808.

Work done at the House of Parliament.

Works at the House of the Speaker.

381, I<

?J

For 1808.

533

48° GEO. III. C. 148.

7&QO 0 o

9, 000

2, 908

i, 3*8

o

6

5

20, 000 9'O

3.000 O O

1.000 O O

1, 500, 000 o o

For the Year 1808.

14, 09°.

o o

1,000 o p 75, 250 11 o 6, 790 o 10

50.000 o o

5i°°°

10.000

o .0 o o 4 o

£5, 000 o p

20.000 O O

20.000 o O

6, 093 o o

Irish Currency.

I xxiii. A 34° © O

240 o o 200 o .0

500 o o

Extra Contingencies of the Three'

Secretaries of State.

Extra Messengers to ditto.

Prosecutions relating to the Coin.

The Ministers of the Vaudoit.Churches, &c.

Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity Of Francs.

Board of Agriculture.

Veterinary College.

To the East India Company on account of their Expences incurred in the publick Service.

To the Commissioners bn American Claims, under

43 G- 39-Further Allowance to Commissioners of Military Inquiry. Purchase of Buildings in Palace Yard.

British Museum, for general Purposes.

For Relief of Sufferers by Fire at Roseau, in 1805. Repairing the Harbour at Margate.

Improving the Harbour at Holyhead.

Protestant Dissenting Ministers 'j

in England and Ireland, and > For the Year 1808. French Refugees. -

Annuity to the late Duchess of Gloucester to her Death. Further for the Naval Afyliun.

Erecting the Military College at >For the Year 1808.

Sandhurst., -

To Lord Fairfax?s Representatives for Lob of Pro* perty in Virginia.

Military Roads in North Britain for the Year 1808,

Accountant General for preparing publick Accounts for Session 1808.

His Deputy.

Examinator of Corn Boun- - ties.

400 o o 200 o o 150 p o

200 O O

XXIV. 25, 000 o o

1, 200 O O

Inspector General of Imports and Exports preparing Accounts.'-.-

His first Clerk for extra Trouble.

Examinator of Excise preparing Accounts -His Alustant.

Clerk in Auditors of Exchequer Office preparing Accounts.

Civil Buildings.>

Printing, &c. 250 Copies of the -A&s 48 G.$.

22, 018 o e Printing and Disbursements

for Secretaries, Office and j^other publick Offices in I £ Dublin Castle. -

iTo s&Jan. 1808.

>2

From 5th Jan.

1808, to 5th Jan.

1809,

534

G. T^Sfi

48° GEO. III.

18681

Irish Currency.

£4 2>500 0 0

s 9>4*9 18 0

1, 047 10 2

740 0 0

10, 000 0 0

1, 250 13 1

10, 500 o o

355, 000 o o 997 o > o 475 o o

512 8 o

4, 434 o o

6.000 o o

XXV. 21, 600 o o

5.000 o o jo, 000 o o

2.000 o o 4, 500 0 o

10, 000 o o

XXVI. 23, 163 o o

22, 500 o o 2, 896 o o 14, 958 o o

3*758 O 6

1*926 o 6

11, 786 o o 28, 797 o o

4, 122 o 6

2, 668 o o

5i30O o o

too O o

824 o o

From, 5th Jan.

1808, to 5 th Jan.

1809.

Apprehending publick Of- ") fenders.

Non-conforming* Ministers.

Expence of rratique L 4 Dublin Port. - - J L

Cloathing Battle-axe Guards for 18 Months from 1st Dec, 1898.

Building a Pier at the North Side of Howth.

To refund the like Sum paid into the Chief Secretary's Office for Wool Licences fmee 5th Jan, 1801. Proclamations and Advertise- 1 v T

ments in the Dublin Gazette. / V? cth -Criminal Prosecutions. - - ( 5* Jaa,

The Gold Mine of Wicklow. .)1809'

Arrears of Allowances to Clerks in Office of Acountant General in Chancery.

To E, Kent, Esq. for Money paid into Treasury in his own Wrong.

For Lottery Officer*. - -7 Fr°* £h.Jfan'

Incidents of the Treasury - J^g*a*'

Trustees of the Linen Manufactures for one Year ending 5th Jan. 1809.

Farming Society of Ireland.

Dublin Society for promoting"

Husbandry, &c.

In aid of the Initiation at Cork.

Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets' in Dublin.

Board of first Fruits for building and rebuilding Churches, &c.

Incorporated Society for promoting Engiyb Protestant Schools.

Foundling Hospital in Dublin*

Hibernian Marine Society.

Hibernian School for Soldiers'

Children. -

Female Orphan House, near Dublin.

Affiliation for discounteriancing Vice, &c.

Westmoreland Lock Hospital.

House of Industry and Penitentiary.

Eighty Patients in the House of Recovery, &c.

Lying-in Hospital.

Completing Royal College of Surgeons.

Commissioners of Charitable Donations.

Doctor Stephens's Hospital.

From 5th Jan. 1808, to 5th Jan, 1S09.

48° GEO. III.

0.148, 14*

53t

'-I

Irish Currency.^From 5th Jan.

d?. 4, 038 o o Sir Patrick Dude Hospital. - k 1808, to 5th Jan.

9, 250 o o Roman Catholic Seminary. - J 1809.

XXVII. Supplies shall be applied only to the Purposes") authorised, &c.

XXVIII. Rules for receiving Half-pay. - y As in former Act#.

XXIX. Application of Overplus of Sum (under 47 G. 3.

Jl. 2. r. 76.) to reduced Officers.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

[2d July 1808.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend the Descriptions of divers Instruments, Matters, and Things, in respect whereof certain Stamp Duties were granted by the several Acts passed in the Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, and Forty-sixth Years of Your Majesty's Reign, herein after specified, and for that Purpose

to repeal such Duties, and grant others in lieu thereof; and it is

also expedient to grant certain additional Stamp Duties, towards

raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Publick f Revenue, as shall be equal to the increased annual Charge occasioned

by the Funding of Exchequer Bills, and by any Loan made pursuant to any Act or Acts passed or to be patted for that Purpose in this Session of Parliament: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal f Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament

uflembled, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the several Duties Hercio-after mentioned; at.fj do moftihumbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, all such of the Duties granted by the Aa passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeat the/ verctl Duties under the Commissiorfers for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum. Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ as are comprised; n the Schedule marked (A.) thereunto annexed save and except the Duties on Licences for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, Hats, and Medicines, for exercising the Trade of a Pawnbroker, for letting to Hire Horses for the Purpose of travelling Pol} or otherwise, and for letting to Hire Stage Coaches or Carriages, and the Duties on Newspapers, Pamphlets, Almanacks, and Calendars, and Books or Pamphlets serving the Purpose of Almanacks or Calendars!; and also all the Duties granted by the Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies / and sdfo the several Duties granted by the Act,

M m 4 passed

Duties in the Schedule (A.) annexed to4 G. 3.

(except certain Duties.)

[-See as to die Licences,

4Q G. 3. c. 143.] and Duties granted by

45 G. 3. c. 99.

46 G. 3. c. 43* repealed, ex0fcptAsfea*i

53*

C149;

48° GEO. III.

AiS. ito8.

and except Portions of Legacy Duties.

New Duties granted, as uttciften in the schedule annexed, from 10th Oa. 1808.

The new Duties shall be under the Management of the CommissionenofStamps, who shall'pionde proper Stamps,

TbnCematab

flowers may nfc M Stops to

passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His MajestyV Reign, intituled An ASfor granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Appraisemn* and on Licences to Appraiserf in Great Britain, shall respectively cease and determine; save and except such of the said respectnre Duties, or so much and Such Parts thereof respectively, as shall have become due or payable before % or upon the said Tenth Day of October, and remain in arrear or unpaid after that Day; and also save and except so much and such Parts as shall remain to be paid of any Duties in respectiof Legacies, given by way of Annuity, or so that the Value thereof cannot be ascertained at once, where Part of such Duties shall have been paid or have become payable before or upon the hud Tenth Day of October; all which Duties so in arrear, or remaining to be paid as aforesaid, shall be recoverable by the same Ways and Means, and with such and the same Penalties, and in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as if this Act had not been made, except so far as any Proviuon is hereby made to the contrary;

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight there shall be raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and throughout the whole of Great Britain, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Matters, and Things mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed (except those standing under the Head of Exemptions), or for and in respect of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which such Instruments, Matters, or Things shall be written or printed, the several Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures against the same respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth, in the same Schedule; and that all the Provisions, Regulations, and Directions therein contained with respect to the said Duties, and the Instruments, Matters, and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act, and shall be observed and enforced accordingly, and that such and the like Discounts or Allowances shall be made or allowed in respect of the Duties hereby granted as are now authorised by Law to be made or allowed in respect of the Duties hereby repealed, as far as the same shall be applicable.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted ihaD be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed and authorised by His Majesty, His Hein or Successors, to manage the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment,

1 and Paper; which said Commissioners, and the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required so provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies, forexpreifing and denoting the several Duties hereby granted, upon the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper chargeable therewith; and to alter and renew the same from Time to Time, as Occasion shall reauire; and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things 'as shall be thought necessary or expedient, for effectually raising; and collecting the Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner, as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorised to do, for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto. '

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to use any of the Stamps or'Dies heretofore provided

to

A*l)i x 80S.

53"

48° GEO. III. C. 149.

to denote any former Stamp Duties, for the Purpose -of expressing 2nd denoting any of tjfi£ Duties hereby granted of the faific Amount; and also to use Tyro or more Stamps* for denoting the Amount of any one Duty hereby granted, as Occasion may require, until a Angle Stamp shall be provided for that Purpose; and that all Instrumenta which have been or shall be damped with Two or more Stamps, for (denoting the Amount of any Angle Duty charged or chargeable thereon, shall be as valid as if the same had been damped with a Angle Stamp for denoting such Duty; but no Stamp, appropriated to denote the Duty charged on any particular Instrument, and bearing the Name of such Instrument on the Face thereof, shall be used for denoting any other Puty of the same Amount, or, if so used, the same shall be of no Avail.

f* Paper, &c. damped with the former Duties, may be used for In? ?* Itruments, charged with new Duties of the same Amount, except " where a specifick Stamp is required. §5. Stamped Paper, &c. u rendered useless by this or any former Act, may be exchanged

or have additional Stamps, under this Act, within Twelve Months f* from 10th October 1808. §6."

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Stamp or Die which shall be provided, made, or used in pursuance of this Act, or any Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made, or used, in pursuance of any former Act or Acts, relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or shall forge, counterfeit, or resemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or resembled, the Impression of any such Stamp or Die as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the Dufies hereby granted; or if any Person or Persons shall utter, or fell, or expole to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, having thereupon the Ixngreflion of any such forged or couifterfeited Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited, or resembled Impression as aforesaid, knowing the same respectively to be.forged, counterfeited, or resembled.; or if any Person or Persons shall privately and secretly use any Stamp <or Die, by this or any former Act directed or allowed to be used for denoting any of the Duties granted by. this or any former Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

M Powers and Provisions of former Acts shall be put in Execution u with regard to the Duties under this Act. §8."-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions and Regulations of former Acts relating to Agreements shall be applied only to such Agreements as are hereby charged with a Duty of Sixteen Shillings; and that the Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of One Pound and.Ten Shillings, shall be subject and liable to the same Provisions and Regulations as Deeds hereby charged with a like Duty 5 and that all Agreements for granting Leases or Tacks, which have been or shall be stamped with the Duty, for the Time being payable in rtffpeft of such Leases or Tacks, shall be as valid as if the same

denote new Duties — and two or more Stamps to denote one Duty.

Certain Stamp* appropriated t<* particular lidiru* menu only.

Forgingqf Stamps,

Felony, without Clergy.

Pmrifiont

respecting

Agreements.

C. 149.

48° GEa nr.

A.D. 18c 8,

Secfmd Articles of Orkship toAttorhics ehaurgrd with )t ]Qs. opijr.

same had beqn stamped with the proper Agreement Stamp; and that all other Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of Sixteen Shillings shall be valid, if stamped with a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafSng of this Act, where any Person shall -have become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any jof His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of the Great Semons in Walts, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or in any other Court of Record in England, by Articles of Clerkship duly stamped, according to the Daws in force at the Time of the Date' and Execution thereof, and shall, after the patting of this Act, in consequence of the Death of his Matter,

pr from any other Cause, find it necessary or expedient to enter into new Articles of Clerkship, for a new Term of Years, for the same Purpose, such new Articles of Clerkship shall be chargeable only with a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings, and the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof with the like Duty 5 any Thing in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

make, fig*; or issue, or cause to be made, signed, or issued, or shall accept or pay, or cause or permit to be accepted or paid, any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, or Promissory Note, for the Payment of Money, liable to ariy of the Duties imposed by this without the same being duly stamped for denoting the Duty hereby charged thereon, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. x

XII.*And, for the more effectually preventing of Frauds and Evasions of the Duties now payable, or hereby granted, on Bills

f of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders for the Payment of Money, under colour of the Exemption in Favour of Drafts or Orders upon Bankers, or Persons acting as Bankers, contained in the Schedule (A.) annexed to the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majeny's Reign, or in the Schedule hereunto annexed; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shaft, after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, make.and issue, or cause to be made and issued, any Bill, Draft, or Order

dated, or without for the Payment of Money, to the Bearer*on Demand, upon any

Peud ty on Person* giving fUlls or Not* not duly fanned, 30k

Penalty for HTuing Bills or Drafts post-

menttoiung the Place where'drawn, without Stamp, Under colour of the Exemption of Banker* Checks, tool.

Penalty for receiving or paying such Bills

laying tucti t Drafts, iool. &c.

Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons a6ling as a Banker or Bankers, which shall be dated on any Day subsequent to the Day on which it shall be issued, or which shall not truly specify and express the Place where it shall be issued, or which shall not in every Respect fail within the said Exemption, unless the same shall be duly damped as a Bill of Exchange, according to the Law in force when the same shall be issued, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hund^d Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly receive or take any such Bill, Draft, or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein mentioned, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Baiiker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons acting as a Banker, upon whom any such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be drawn, shall pay, or cause or permit to be paid, the Sum of Money therein expressed, or any Part thereof, knowing the same to be post-dated, or knowing that the Place where it was issued k not truly specified and set forth therein, or knowing that the same

does

A.D. 1808.

539

48° GEO. III. C. 149.

does not, in any other RespeCfc, fall within the said Exemption, then the Banker or Bankers^ or Person or Persons, so offending, shall, for, every such Offence, forfeit the Sume of One hundred Pounds, and moreover shall not be allowed the Money so paid, or any Part thereof, in account against the Person or Persons, by or for whom such Bill,

Draft, or Order shall be' drawn, pr his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, or his, her, or their Assignees or Creditors, in case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or any other Person or Persons dairying under him, her, or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth p^tnifloryNotfs Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall be law- for 2I. a*. <« less, ful for any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, who shall nny be re-issu«4 have made and issued any Promissory Notes, for the Payment to the wicSnitdyT Bearer on demand of any Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, to re-issue the same from Time to Time after Payment thereof, as often as he, she, or they shall think fit, without being liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof; and it shall also Notes above be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Person*, 21. 2s. and not who shall have made and issued any Promissory Notes for the Payntent exceeding 100J. to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and not exceeding One hundred Pounds*

each, duly stamped according to the Directions of this A Cl, from Time to Time after the Payment thereof, and within the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, to re-issue any such Promissory Notes, without being liable to pay any further Duty ip respect thereof; and that all Promissory Notes, for the Pay- promissory Note ment to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money not exceeding rc-iffuaMe under Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, which shall have been actually 9.fi

and buna side issued and in Circulation before or upon the said Tenth.nd 111*'

Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, duly stamped i^os^may* according to the said Act of the Forty-fourth Yeai^of His Majesty's rc-if fiied for Reign, and which shall be then re-issuable within the Intent and certain limited Meaning of that Ad, shall, if the same shall hear Date before or upon the Twenty-hfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, continue to be re-issuable until the Expiration of Three Yeans from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwards, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; and if the same shall bear Date after the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, then the same shall continue to be re-issuable until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine inclusive, but not afterwards; and all Promissory Notes, for the Payment to the Bearer on demand of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, which (halk have been actually and bond side issued and in Circulation before or upon the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, duly stamped iccording to the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and which shall be then re-issuable within the Intent and Meaning of that Ad, shall continue re-issuable until the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwards, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; and every such Promissory Note, hereby allowed to be re-issued, after the Payment thereof, shall from Time to Time, after the re-issuing of the same, be as good and valid, and as available in the Law,

to

A.D. 1808.

Penalty 04 antedating*ic-issuable Notes, boL

Promissory

Notes, re-issuable for limited Periods, shall be cancelled on Payment alteiv vanlij and Notes, &c. not re-issuable, Wimjediately of fajjneqt.

Penalty for unduly re-ifliung Notes, &o. or not cancelling die (imej 50l. &c.

sol. Penalty on taking Notes unduly re-issued,

Bank of England Notes exempted from Duty, on Payment of a yearly Com-.

C. 149. 48° CEO. III.

to all Intents and Purposes, as it was upon the first issuing, and before any Payment thereof 5 and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall at any Time after the said Tenth Day of October, issue or-qause to be issued, for the first Time, any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on demand, faring Date before or upon that Day, he, (lie, or they, v shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Promissory Notes, allowed to be re-issued by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or by this Act, for the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, shall, upon the Payment thereof, at any Time after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof, aTld all Promissory Notes hereby allowed to be re-issued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine inclusive, but not after, wards, shall, upon the Payment thereof at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and all Promissory/Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders for Money, not allowed to be re-issued, shall, upon any Payment thereof, respectively be deemed and taken to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable or available in any Manner whatsoever, but shall be forthwith cancelled by the Person or Persons jpaying the same 5 and if any Person or Persons shall re-issue or cau(e or permit to be re-issued any Promissory Note, so allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration of the Term or Period allowed for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons shall fe-issue, or cause or permit to be re-issuea, pny Promissory Note, Bij) of Exchange, Draft, or Order for Money, not allowed to be re-issued, at any Time after the Payment thereof; or if any Person or Persons, paying or causing to be paid, any such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order as* aforesaid, ftiali refuse or neglect to cancel the same, according to the Directions of this Act; then and in either of th'ofe Cases the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in case of any such Note* Bill, Draft, or Order being re-issued, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons re-issuing the same, or causing or permitting the same to be re-issued, shall also be answerable and accountable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for a further Duty, in respect of every stich Note, Bill, Draft, or Order, of such and the same Amoupt as would have been chargeable thereon, in case the same had been then issued for the first Time, and so from Time to Time as often as the same shall be so re-issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly as a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successort; and if any Person or Persons shall receive or take any such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expressed, knowing the same to be rc-issued contrary to tl; e Intent and Meaning of this Act, he, she, or they fltell, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Xy. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes and Bills whatsoever, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from and after the said Tenth Day of Odoler One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be freed and exempted froin all the Duties hereby granted; and

A.D. 1£o8.

48° GEO. III. C. 149.

54*

that the said Governor and Company (hath in lieu of and as a Compensation for the Duties, which would otherwise have been payable for such their Notes and Bills, pay into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, the yearly Sum of forty-two thousand Pounds, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, tQ be made on or before the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of 0Sober, in every Year and the First Payment thereof to be made on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousandi eight hundred and nine; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to re-issue any of their Notes after Payment thereof, as often as they Hull think fit: Provided always* that the said Yearly Compensation shall be reduced by the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, wheo the said Governor and Company shall cease to issue Promissory Notes for less than Two Pounds, agreeably to the Provision of the Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Ma-'

certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes mail Sums of Money.

XVL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Conipauy of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland and the British Linen Company in Scotland, respectively, to issue their Promissory Notes for the Sums of Oue Pound, One Guinea, Two Pounds, and Two Guineas, payable to the Bearer on demand, on undamped Paper, in {he Manner hitherto practised, with regard to Notes of One Pound and One Guinea, by the said Bank of Scotland and Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Authority of the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp 'Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes for small Sums of Money; they the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland and the British Linen Company respectively, giving such and the like Security, and keeping and producing true Accounts of all the ^>Iote8 so to be issued by them respectively, and accounting for and paying the several Duties, payable in respect of such Notes, in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as is and are prescribed and required by the said Act, with regard to the Notes for One Pound and One Guinea of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland, thereby allowed to be issued on undamped Paper; and also to re-issue such Promissory Notes respectively from Time to Time, after the Payment thereof, as often as they shall think fit: And for the said Licence and Privilege hereby granted, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, and the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the British Linen Company, respectively, shall, in (lead of taking out such Licence as herein after is mentioned, pay. into the Hands of the Head Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh the Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, on the Fifteenth Day of October in every Year, to be by him accounted for, and io be applied in the same Manner as the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Bankers as herein after is directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, (except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the British Linen

Company}

39G. 3. c. 107.

The Bank of Scotland, Royal B&nkof Scotland, and British Linen Company, may issue Notes for One Pound, Out Guinea, Two Pounds, and Two Guineas, on unftaraped Paper, accounting for Dudes as under Regulations of 39 G. 3. c. 107.

§ 9* &c.

Gying ?ol. as a cence Duty. (See17, 19.)

Re-issuable Notes shall not issued by Bankers or otheis, without % Licence £of |hat Purposa.

A.D. 1808.

542 C. 149. 48° GEO. nti

(Six $ 16, 1C.)

Regulations

lelpecting

Licences.

lVr(»ns applying for Licence* shall deliver^ JSptciinens of their Notes. Penalty f T ilfuing Notes without Licence.

100I.

The Pank of Scotland, Royul Jr n1*'

of »idp

and Urliifk

Company*) to issue any Proihi{Tory Notes for Money payable to the: Bearer on demand* hereby charged with a Duty and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without taking out a Licence yearly for that Purpose; which Licence shall be granted by Two or more of the Commissionerd of Stamps for the Time being, or by some Person deputed and authorised in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, on Payment of the Duty charged thereon in the said Schedule hereunto annexed; and a separate and distinct Licence shall be taken out, for or in respect of every Town or Place* where any such Promissory Notes shall be issued, by, or by any Agent or Agents for or on account of any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons; save only and except that one Licence Yearly shall be sufficient for all the Towns or Places where any such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall have established a Branch of his or their Bank, or have employed an Agent for the issuing of such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, previously to the passing of this Act, so that every such Town or Place shall be notified to the Stamp Office, and* be specified in the first Licence to be granted in pursuance of this Act, and that an Affidavit of the Fad shall be trans-rnitted to the Stamp Office at the Time of applying for such Licence; and every such Licence shall specify the proper Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, and also the Name of the Town or Place, Towns or Places where, and the Name of the Bank, Firm or Title, under which such Notes are to be issued; and where any such Licence shall be granted to Persons in Partnership, the same shall specify and set forth the Names and Places 6f Abode of all the Persons concerned in the Partnership, whether all their Names shall appear orf the Promissory Notes to be issued by them or not; and in default thereof such Licence shall be absolutely void; and every such Licence, which shall he granted between the Tenth Day of October and the Eleventh Day of November, in any Year, shall be dated on the Eleventh Day of October; and every such Licence, which shall be granted at any other Time, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and every such Licence respectively shall have effect and continue m force, from the Day of the Date thereof until the Tenth' Day of October following, both inclusive.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons applying for any such Licence as aforesaid, shall produce and leave with the proper Officer, a Specimen of the Promissory Notes propoied to be iflhed by him, her, or them, to the intent that the Licence may be framed accordingly; and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) shall issue, or cause to be issued by any Agent, any Promissory Note for Money, payable to the Bearer on demand, hereby charged with a Duty, and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without being

licensed so to do in the Manner aforesaid, or at any other Town or Place, or undei any other Firm or Title, than shall be specified in his? her, or their Licence, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. Pro\ided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exception hereinbefore contained, in favour of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the British Linen Company, shall only extend to exempt them' from

1 taking

I

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 149.

taking out such Licence as aforesaid, in respect of their several.present Edablishments and Branches, that is to say, those of the Bank of Scotland, at Edinburgh, Glasgow, Perth, Aberdeen, Dun* Jrietf Cupar9 St. Andrew'>, Kirkaldy, Dunfermline, Kelso % Inverness, Ayr, Stirling, Banff, Tain, Dundee, Montrose, Haddington$ Greenock, Wigton, and Kircudbright $ those of the Royal Bank of Scotland at j?<//fi£tfr^A.and Glasgow; and those of the British Linen Company at Edinburgh, Leith, Cupar, Dunfermline, Montrose, Inverness, Forres9 Elgin, Glasgow, Dumfries, Hawick, Jedburgh, Dunfe, Dunbar9 Newton Stewart, and Perth; but that if any of them shall, after the passing of this Act, establish or set up a Branch of their Bank, or employ an Agent for the issuing of such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, at any other Town or Place whatsoever, they shall be liable and be obliged to take out such Licence as aforesaid, for or in respect of every such other Town or Place, in such and the same Manner as* other Bankers are required to do, and, in default thereof, shall be subject to such and the same Penalty or Penalties, as any other Banker or Bankers, for issuing any such Promissory*Note or Notes as aforesaid, at any such other Town or Place, without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted to any Persons in Partner ship, the same shall continue in Force for the issuing of Promissory Notes, under the Firm or Title therein specined, until the Tenth Day of Odoher inelusive, following the Date thereof, notwithstanding any Alteration in the Partnership.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, Promissory Notes for the Payment of Money, made out of Great Britain, or purporting to be made out of Great Britain, or purporting to be made by or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons resident out of Great Britain, shall not be negotiable, or be negotiated, or circulated, or paid, in Great Britain, whether the same shall be made payable in Great Britain or not, unless the same shall have paid such Duty, and be damped in such Manner as the Law requires for Promissory Notes of the like Tenor and Value made in Great Britain; and if any Person or Persons shall circulate or negotiate, or offer in Payment, or shall receive or take in Payment, any such Promissory Note, or shall demand or receive Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Money, mentioned in such Promissory Note, from or on account of the Drawer thereof, in Great Britain, the same not being duly damped as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons in Great Britain shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum of Money expressed in any such Note, not being duly damped as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, either as Drawer thereof, or in pursuance of any Nomination or Appointment for that Purpose therein contained, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that this Clause shall not extend tef Promissory Notes made and payable only in Ireland.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, in all Cases of the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or'other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or bf any Right, Title, Intered or Claim, in$ to, out of, or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, where a Duty is imposed

on

43

Linen Company shall udte out Licences, ottiy in icfpcA of future Branches.

(Sic % 17).

Alteration m Partner

dull not vacate Lictuces.

Promissory Notes, made out of Great Britain (halt not be negotiable iti Great Britain, un'elis damped.

Penalty on Persons

circulating such Noics, &c. Sol-

Irish Notes.

On the Sale of any Property, real or prrfooal the Purchase Money or Confuicrition shall be fully and truly set fouh in the Conveyance, Ac.

A.D. 1808.

S44-

IVtwhies on Purchasers and Sellers for Default in fcfiinp forth ('ottfiflcration. Quintuple Duty.

l'artie*'tiable to such Penal tie*', informing agaitifl oihcts shall be indemnified slid rewarded.

Where the Confide ration shall not be tTuly set forth

Purch&frr may recover back so much thereof at fnalluot be flatted.

c. 149* 48° geo* nr.

on the Conveyance thereof, in the Schedule hereunto annexed, in proposition to the Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Money therein, or thereupon expressed, the full Purchase of Consideration Money, which shall be directly or indirectly paid, or secured or agreed to be [/aid for the same, shall be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length, in or upon the principal or only Deed or Instrument, whereby the Land or other Thing fold shall be granted, aligned, transferred, released, renouneed, or otherwise conveyed to, or veiled in, the purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Person*, by his, her, or their Direction; and also where, upon the Sale of any Annuity, Easement, Servitude, or other Right, not before in Exigence, the same shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract, or other Security, the full Purchase or Confident ion Money* which shall be directly or mdiredtly paid, or secured or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expressed and set forth, in Words at length, in or upon the Bond or other Iniirumeot or Instruments, by which the same shall be secured; and if, in any of the said. Cases, the full Purchase or Confederation Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth in the Manner hereby directed, the Purchaser or Purchasers, and also the Seller or Seliers, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable witji, and be bolden liable t6#, the Payment of Five Times the Amount of the Excels of Duty, which would have been payable for such Deed, Bond, or other Instrument as aforesaid, in respect of the full Purchase or Consideration Money, in case the same had been truly expressed and set forth in or upon the same, pursuant to the* Directions of this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, beyond the Amount of the Duty actually paid for the same; which Quintuple Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Party or Parties respectively hereby made liable to pay the lame, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of such Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforesaid, shall give Information to the Commissioners of Stamps, whereby such Penalty, or Quintuple Duty, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered from any other Party or Parties liable thereto, the Party or Parties giving the Information shall not only'be indemnified and discharged of such His, her, or their Liability, but shall also be rewarded by the Commissioners of Stamps, out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty so recovered, to such Extent as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them shall think proper, but not exceeding One-half of what shall be so recovered j and where any other Person shall give Information, whereby any such Penalty or Quintuple Duty shall be recovered, he or she shall be rewarded in the like Manner.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where the full Purchase or Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth, in the Manner hereby directed, it shall be lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers, o^any of thepi, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, to recover back from the Seller or Seliers, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, so much and such Part of the Purchase or Consideration Money a§ shall not be expressed and set

forth

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

C« i^pi

545

forth as aforesaid, or the^WhoIe thereof, if no Part of the same shall ho so expressed and set forth, either in an Action for Money had and received, for the Use of the Party or Parties suing for the same, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> wherein no Eifoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, or by ordinary Action or summary Complaint in tli? Court of Sessionj or in the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry, where the Person or Persons sued or complained of shall reside in Scotland, as the Case may require, together with Double Cpfts of Suit.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if iny Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, Or other person, who shall be employed in or about the preparing of any such Deed, Bond Or other Instrument, in or upon whifcH the full Purchase or Consideration Monty is hereby required to be truly expressed and set forth as aforesaid, «or who shall be employed for any of the Parties thereto; in ainywife about or relating to the Transaction therein mentioned, shall knowingly and wilfully insert Of set forth, or cause to be infhrted or set forth in or upon any such Deed; Bond, ' or other Instrument, any other than the full and true Purchase or Consideration Money directly or indirectly paid, or fectuned or agreed to be paid for the same, or (half in any wise aid or assist in the doing thereof respectively, ' every such Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Person Jo offending, (h'al), for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Attorney, Solicitor, and Writer to the Signet so offending; and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also be from thenceforth disabled to pra&ifi* as an* Attorney, Solicitor, or Writer to the Signet; and any other Person, being entitled or intruded to prepare any such Deed, or Other Instrument, m virtue of any Publick Office or Employment, and being guilty Of such Offence in the Execution of his Office or Employment, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also forfeit and lose his Office or Employment and be from thenceforth incapable* of holding the same.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Party, Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Person whomeyer, shall be liable to any Penalty, Disability, or Forfeiture whatsoever, by reason of the full Purchase or Consideration Money not being truly expressed and set forth ift or upon any such Deed, Bond, 61' other Instrument as aforesaid, unless the Duty or Duties actually paid for the same; shall be less than would have been payable for the same; in case the full Purchase or Consideration Money had been* truly expressed and set forth according to the Directions of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, where, upon the Sale of any Estate of inheritance or Freehold in any Lands Or Hereditaments in England, the same shall be conveyed by Bargain and Sale inrolled* and also by Lease and Release or Feoffment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby required, on the Production of both Conveyances, and on Proof, to their Satisfaction; that the fiill Purchase or Consideration Money is truly expressed and (ct forth therein, ' in the Manner hereby direaed, and on its appearing that the Release or Feoffment is damped with the ad valorem Duty hereby charged thereon, and that the Bargain

48 Geo. III. N 4nd

Penalties on Attoiniet, &c. fur not infrrtin*the true Consideration in any Convex -ance, &c.

5001, and

Incapacity.

No Penalty unlrfs the Duty paid be Icfetlun the Duty payable.

Where Lands are conveyed by Bargain and Sals broiled, and also by Lease and Release or Fepff-nent, die'boner shall be specially (Utaned, to tef-tify Payment o€ the ad valorem Duty on the latter.

A.D. 180S*.

Penalty on Of-ik'ers inroliitig PecHs of Bargain and Sale not duly stamped sol.

X

On surrender'tig Copyhold Lands ia Court, the Consideration of Sale shall U fiated, &c.

i

i

C. 149. 48° GEO. ' III.

and Sale is {lamped with the ordinary Duty hereby charged thereon, to cause the Deed of Bargain and Sale to be also stamped with some particular Stamp, for testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty on the Release or Feoffment; and also where, upon the Sale of any such Edate of Inheritance or Freehold, the same shall be conveyed by Lease and Release, and also by Feoffment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, on the Production of both Conveyances, and on Proof to their Satisfaction that the full Purchase or Consideration Money is truly expressed and set forth therein, in the Manner hereby directed, and on its appearing that the Release is stamped with the ad valorem Duty hereby charged thereon, and that the Feoffment is stamped with the ordinary Duty hereby charged thereon, to cause the Feoffment to be also stamped with some particular Stamp for testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty on the Release; and thereupon the Bargain and Sale in the former Case, and the Feoffment in the latter Case, shall be as available in Law, and of the like Force and Effect, in all Rc-spe&s, as if the same had been stamped with the ad valorem Duty itself, but until the same shall be so damped as aforesaid, the same (ha& not be given in Evidence, or be available in any Manner whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster % or any Clerk of the Peace, or other Person intruded to inrol Deeds of Bargain and Sale of Estates of Freehold in England, shall inrol any Deed of Bargain and Sale, made after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, whereby any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed to any Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, by his, her, or their Direction, unless such Deed of Bargain and Sale shall appear to be stamped with the proper ad valorem Duty, hereby cHarged on Conveyances upon the Sale of Lands or other Property, according to the Amount of the Purphafe or Consideration Money therein expressed, or with such particular Stamp as aforesaid, for tefli-fying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty on a Deed of Release or Feoffment of the same Lands or Hereditaments, every such Officer or Clerk of the Peace, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Conveyances of Property, contracted to be sold before 12th jffrtl* 1808, exempted from the ad valorem Duty, though executed after 4i 10th October 1808. §29."

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of OQoher One thousand eight hundred 'and eight, where any Copyhold or Cudomary Lands or Heredi tangents. shall be proposed to be surrendered in Court, the Person or Persons, propodng to surrender the same, shall deliver to the Steward of the Manor or Honour, wherebf such Lands or Hereditaments shall be holden, a Note in writing, dating whether the Surrender proposed is upon a Sale or not upon a Sale, and in the former Case specifying the Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Money agreed upon for such Lands or Hereditaments, to the Intent that the same may be inserted and set forth, in Words at length, in or upon the Copy of Court Roll, to be afterwards piade out of such Surrender, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and until such Note in writing shall be delivered, the Lord or Lady, or Steward^ of the Manor, or Honour, shall not accept or

& - take

A.D. 1808.

547

48° GEO. III. C. 149.

take the proposed Surrender, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and where the proposed Sur- Penalties on render shall be upon a Sale, if the Steward shall neglect to insert the gt^[^'50j said Purchase or Consideration Money, in or upon the Copy of Court gcc> Roll, to be afterwards made out of such Surrender, in Words at'length, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds: and if upon the Sale of any such Lands or Hereditaments, any Person or Persons shall in the Note so to be delivered as aforesaid, ft ate the proposed Surrender to be not upon a Sale, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Penalty for in* Tenth Day of 08oberf where any Copyhold or Customary Lands or rolling Surren-Hereditaments shall be intended to be conveyed to any Person or' de»<n*tofCourt, Persons (either upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof, or otherwise) by

means of a Surrender made out of Court, or by a Deed of Bargain &e. not

and Sale, or other Deed, by Commissionere named in a Commimon duly fUmped;

of Bankrupt, or by Executors or others, by virtue of a Power given 50L,

by Will or by Act of Parliament, the Lord or Lady or Steward of the Manor or Honour, whereof such Lands or Hereditaments shall be

Parcel or be holden, shall not inrol any such Surrender or Deed, or

accept any Preferment thereof, or admit any Person to be Tenant

of such Lands or Hereditaments, under or by virtue of the same respectively, unless such Deed or Surrender, or the Memorandum of such Surrender, shall be duly damped with the Duty hereby charged thereon respectively, on pam of forfeiting for every such Offence, the

Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Lord or Lady, Penalty on taking

or Steward'of any Manor or Honour, shall after the said Tepth Day Surrenders, or of October, accept or take any Surrender, or admit any Person Tenant granting Admis-of any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments, out of Court, 'r^dui^ or make any voluntary Grant of any such Lands or Hereditaments,

out of Court, or grant any Licence to demise any such Lands or Hereditaments, out of Court, without causing the same, or1 some Memoran- f

vdum thereof respectively, to be put in Writing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly damped with the proper Duty hereby charged thereon respectively, then and in every such Case, he or she mail for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Sur- penalty on Ste#-renders, Admittances, and voluntary Grants, of or to any Copyhold ards of Manors or Customary Lands or Hereditaments, and in all Cases of Licences neglecting to to demise any "such Lands or Hereditaments, which shall betaken, make out and da-made or granted in Court, after the Tenth Day of October One thou- ^>n*whh-sand eight hundred and eight, the Steward of the Manor or Honour in Four Month*

whereof such Lands or Hereditaments shall be Parcel or be holden, duly damped,

shall make out a Copy of Court Roll of every such Surrender, Admit- < sol.'tance, voluntary Grant, and Licence to demise, on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly damped according to the Directions of this Act, within Four Calendar Months next after the Surrender, Admittance, voluntary Grant, or Licence, shall be made or granted, and shall deliver^the same to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, or any other Person authorised to receive the same, whenever the same shall be called fot, after the Expiration of Cuch Four Calendar months.; and if the same shall not be called for, then the Steward shall deliver the same to the JJailiff of the Manor or Honour, or to the Crier of the Court, or to

N n 2 font

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 180l.

Sump Duty, a I)«: bt to the King.

Feet.

Steward* of Manors may infilt on. Payment oi'Fees and the Scimp Duty, before ai-ccjjfinjy Surrenders, ike.

t*r >hatrs of*With and letters of Administr* tion valid u* to Trust Property, althwii^h the Value thereof be hot covered by the S.anp Duty

*149.

some Copyhold or Customary Tenant of the Manor or Honour, for the Use of the Party or Parties entitled thereto, at the next General Court to be holden for the said Manor or Honour; and if any such Steward shall neglect to make out and deliver such Copy or Copies of Court Roll, in the Manner and within the Time aforesaid, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Surrender, Admittance, voluntary Grant, an A Licence to demise, of which he shall neglect to make out and deliver a Copy of Court Roll, in the Manner and within the Time aforesaid; and the Stamp'Duty, payable in respectc of every such Copy of Court Roll, shall be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Steward so neglecting to make out and deliver the same, whether he shall have received the Duty or not 5 and if It? shall not have received the Duty, the same shall also be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Party or Parties entitled to such Copy of Court Roll; and the said Steward shall also be bound to make out and deliver such Copy of Court Roll to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, whenever afterwards the same shall be demanded, without being paid any Fees for the same; and if any Fees shall have befcn previously paid to him for the same, such Fees shall be deemed to have been paid without Confederation, and the Party or Parties, who paid such Fees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled to recover back the same, in an Action for Money had and received to his, her, or their Use, with full Costs of Suit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, Thjit it shall -be lawful for the Steward of any Manor or Honour, previously to the Acceptance of any Surrender, or the granting or making of any Admittance, voluntary Grant, or Licence, to demise, iu Court, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, to demand and infill on the Payment of his lawful Fees for the same, and for the Copy of Court Roll to be made out thereof, together with the Stamp Duty payable on such Copy of Court Roll 5 and lb case of Non-payment of such Fees and Stamp Duty, it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lady, or Steward of the Manor, to refuse to accept the Surrender, or to ^rant the Admittance or Licence, or to make the voluntary Grant, which shall be proposed or have been contracted for, until such Fees and Stamp Duties shall be paid*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the«passing of this Act, the Probate of the Will of any Person deceased,

or the Letters of Admini ft ration of the EfffefUof any Person deceased, heretofore granted, or to be hereafter granted, either before or upon or after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be deemed and taken to be valid, and available by the Executors or Administrators of the Deceased, for recovering, transferring or assigning any Debt or Debts, or other Personal Estate or Efty&s, whereof or where to the Deceased was node (Ted or entitled, cither wholly or partially, ns a Ti ultee, notwithstanding the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debts, or other Personal Estate or Effects» or the Amount or Value of so much thereof, or such Interest therein, as was Trust Property in the Deceased (as the Case may be) shall not be included in the Amount or V alue of the Estate, in re(pe& of which the Stamp Dufy was paid on such Probate cr Letters of Adminif. tration*

A.D. 18c8. 48° GEO. III. C. 149.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Executors or Administrators, of any Person deceased shall be desirous of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share, (landing in the Name of the Deceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds transferrable at the Bank of England, or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of apd in the Stock and Funds of any other Company, Corporation, or Society whatsoever, passing by Transfer in the Books of such Company, Corporation, or Society, under and by virtue of any such Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, and shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly-or partially, as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respective Officers, for their Indemnity and Protection, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad, as herein after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not othepvile satisfadonly appear; and thereupon to permit such Executors or Administrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects: And where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have occasion to recover any Debt or Debts, or other perftmal Effects, due or apparently belonging to the Deceased, and shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially, as a Trustee, it shaft be lawful for the Person or Persons, liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or other Effects, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfadonly appear; and thereupon to pay, deliver, or make over the Debt or Debts, or other Effects in question, to such Executors or Administrators, or as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will or the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects: And; where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have occasion to assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real, or other Personal Effects, whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, and shall* diledge that the same respectively was or were due to or vested in the Deceased, either wholly or partially, as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, to whom or for whose Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real, or other Personal Effects, shall be proposed to be aiflgned or transferred, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise satisfadonly appear; and thereupon to accept the proposed Alignment or Transfer, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp-Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Requisition as aforesaid, the Executqr or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of the Deceased, or fotpe other Person or Persons, to whom the Fads shall be known, shall make a special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumstances of the Case, dating the property in question, find that the Deceased had not any beneficial

N n 3 Iutercft

K9

Where Executor*, &e. alledge, tluu any Property wi vrited iit the Deceased, as* Trustee, a l'pet ial Affidavit thereof may be required in the several lul'uncc* specified.

Particular* tote1' stated in such Affidavits by Executors, &c. respectipg; Trull Property,

A.D. 180S

S5«f'

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

Penalty of Perjury for false 1 Oath.* '

Executor* and others intromitting with the Effects in Scotland, of any Person dying after the roth Oa« 1808, shall exhibit an Inventory thereof, in the Commiflkry Court there, duly stamped}

Interest whatever in the same, or no other Beneficial Interest therein than shall be particularly mentioned and set forth (as the Case may be), but was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or in part (as the Case may be) in trust for some other Person or Persons, whose Name or Names, or other sufficient Description, shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purposes as shall be specified therein9 and that the Beneficial Interest of the Deceased, if any, in the Property in question, doth not exceed a certain Value to be therein also specified, according to the best Efti-xnate that can be made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Estate, for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of, the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Administradon of his or her Effects, is sufficient to include and cover such Beneficial Interest of the Deceased, as well as the Rest of the Personal Estate, whereof or where to the Deceased was beneficially possessed or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as far as the same have comp 'to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators; and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumstances of the Trails shall be made by any other Person than the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, shall make Affidavit or Affirmation, that the same are true to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge, and that the Property in question isintended to be applied and disposed of accordingly; which Affidavits or Affirmations shall be sworn or made before a Matter in Chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, (who is hereby authorised to take the same, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose) and shall be delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the same, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and protect the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons, making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation, of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set forth, 4very Person so. offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall he subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in force, Persons coiivicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubie& and liable to v

aXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who as Executor or Executors, nearest in Rin, Creditor or Creditors, or otherwise, shall intromit with or enter upon the Possession or Management of any personal or moveable Estate or Efie&s in Scotland* of any Person dying after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and emit, shall, on or before disposing of or distributing any Part of such Estate or Effects, or uplifting any Debt due to the peceased, and at all Events within Six Calendar Months next after having assumed such Possession or Management, in whole or in part, and before any such Person or Persons shall be confirmed Executor or Executors, testamentary or dative, exhibit upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, in the proper ComitiifTary Court in Scotland (which Oath or Affirmation any Judge of or Commissioner appointed by such Cotiit is hereby authorised to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall not be chargeable with any Stamp Duty) a full and true Inventory, duly stamped a* required by this Aof all the

personal

A.D. 1808.

ss*

48° GEO. III. C. 149.

personal or moveable Estate and Effects of the Deceased, already recovered or known to be existing, distinguishing what shall be situated in Scotland, and what elsewhere, together with any Testament or other Writing relating to the Disposal of such Estate and Effects, or any Part thereof, which the Person or Persons, exhibiting such Inventory,

shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power; which said In,

- ventory, together with such Testament or other' Writing (if any such there be) shall be recorded in the Books of the said Court, without any other Expence to the Party than the Ordinary Fees of Registration; and if at any subsequent Period a Discovery shall be made of and an additional any other Effects belonging to the Deceased, air additional Inventory Inventory, on or additional Inventories of the same shall, within Two Calendar v ollier

Months after the Discovery thereof, be in like Manner exhibited L

upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, by any Person or Persons, intromitting with or aifuming the Management of such Effects, which additional Inventory or Inventories shall also be recorded in the Manner aforesaid; 'and in case any Person or Persons, hereby required Penalty for to exhibit any such Inventory or Inventories as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, within the Time prescribed for that Purpose, or Jot shall knowingly omit any Part of the Ellate or Effects of the Deceased

therein, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offepee, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by ordinary Action or summary Complaint, in the Sheriff, Stewart, or Borough Court, or before any Justice of the Peace, of the Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, where the Person or Persons sued or complained of shall reside; which Court or Justice shall have Power, if there shall appear Cause, to mitigate such Penalty, so that the same be not reduced below one Moiety thereof, besides Cods of Suit; and the Person or Persons so offending shall also be charged and chargeable with, and be holden liable to the Payment of double the Amount of the Stamp Duty? which would have been payable upon such Inventory or Inventories' so neglected to be exhibited, according to the Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects, which ought to have been speriiied therein, or double the Amount of the further or increased Stamp Duty, which would have been payable upon any such Inventory or Inventories exhibited, in respect of the Estate or Effects so omitted therein as aforesaid, as the Case may require j which double Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every1 the In- Such Inventories ventory and Inventories, so to be exhibited and recorded as aforesaid, being record^, shall be retained by the Clerk of the Commissary Court, wherein the same, shall be exhibited^ and shall be transmitted by him from Time ritor of Stamp* to Time, as often as required, together with the said Oath or at-fetyubuith. Affirmation relating thereto, to the Solicitor of Stamp Duties at Edinburgh, who shall fife and preserve the same in the Stamp Office {.here 5 and if the Clerk of any such Court shall fail to record, retain, dr transmit any fych Inventory, which shall be exhibited thereto be.

-recorded as aforesaid, or shall receive or record any fqch Inventory, # i

which shall not be duly stamped as the Law requires, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any such additional AddHlrmal Tn- inventory shall be exhibited to be recorded as aforesaid, the same shall

Nn4 also

A.D. 1808.

S3 2

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

the former {halt I>e repaid to the Party.

Amount of the also speeffy the Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects of the

in former same person, compiled in any former Inventory or Inventories; and sHm^Dutvihall Stamp Duty to be charged on such additional Inventory, shall be

hc^Kl acceding the ad valorem Duty, payable in respect of the total Amount or Value to the Total; of the Estate and Effects specified therein, and in any such former

and the Durr on Inventory or Inventories; and upon any such additional Inventory, duly stamped, being recorded and transmitted as aforesaid, the Solicitor of Stamp Dpries shall, upon the Application of the Party, who shall have exhibited the same, deliver out to fitch Party the former Inventory, jjrith a Certificate thereon signed by him, bearing that an additional Inventory of the Effects of the Deceased duly damped, had been transmitted to him, and filed as aforesaid; and such Certificate shall entitle the Party exhibiting the additional Inventory, to demand and receive the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such former Inventory, from the Head Di ft rib 11 for of Stamps at Edinburgh, who shall pay the same out of any Monies in his Hands, arising from the T)uties. hereby charged qu such Inventories as aforesaid, on a proper Receipt being given for the same, and upon the former Inventory and Certificate being delivered to him, tu be produced with the Receipt as a*Voucher for such Payment.

XLI. provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duty charged in the Schedule hereunto annexed upon any such Inventory, % o be exhibitedts aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be charged and payable only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Parts of the Estate and Effects therein mentioned as shall be situated in Scotland.

XLII. And fye it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Commifiaiy Court in Scotlandto grant Confirmation of any Teiiamens, leftamentary ojr dative, or eik thereto, of or for any Estate qr Effects whatever, of aqy Person dying after the Tenth Day of 0Holer One thousand eight hundred and eight, unless the same shall be mentioned and included in fomq such inventory, exhibited and recorded as aforesaid; and it shall not bp competent to any Ex* ecutor or Executors, of other Person. or Persons, to recover any Debt or other Effect in Scotland, of o* belonging to any Person dying after the said Tenth Day of Odober9 unless- the same shall have been previously ipqluded in fume fuqti Inventory, exhibited and re* corded as aforesaid; except the same respectively were vested in the Deceased, as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially; but these Provisions are not, in other Respects, to pre* judice the Law* of Scotland, regarding total or partial Confirmation^ or the Rules of Succession there established.

" Commissioners authorised to remit Penalties incurred before passing " this Act9 by Non-payment of the Duty on Legacies, if the Duty J* in Arrear shall be paid on or before 31 January 1869. $ 43-" '

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases not provided for by the preceding Clause, where any Receipt or Dischacge given for any Ecgacy* °F for the Residue, or any Share of the Residue, of any Persona) Estate, which shall Jiave bee# given by Will or other Pk of D testamentary Inftripoent, or have devolved to aqy Person or Persons and Penalty; ud f*P9n Iuteftacy, shall be to the Head Office, to be damped

remit Penalty after the Expiration of Threp £a{endar Months from the Date thereof* (within 21 Days) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to caqfe the same to* be O^t&itaL^ for making the same availably on Payment of the

" Duty*

Duty on such JnvcntOTyfiiaH lie only in respedi of Effeifis in Scotland.

Confirmations of TtHamenis ftmli, he granted only for Effe£s included in such Inventory. Executors shall tim recover Dfe&s tinlcfs so included: ('except Trust Property;

Commissioners may (lamp Receipt! for Legacies, after Three Month* from the Date, on

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

P«49*

to

Duties fl»1I be paid to the Re* ccivpt General, and by him into the Exchequer.

46 G. 3. C. 8U §1*.

Duty, which shall be payable in respect thereof, together with tint Penalty incurred, in consequence of the same not having been brought to be stamped, before the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months s and where any such Receipt or Discharge shall have been signea out of Great Britain, if the same shall be brought to be damped, within Twenty-one Days after its being received in Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the said Commimoners to remit any Penalty that may have been incurred thereon, and to cause the same to be duly damped, on Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof; any thing contained in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

" The Duties on Admissiong of Solicitors, &c. in Scotland, shall take place immediately from the passing of this Act. $ 45."

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies toarife from the Duties granted by this Act, together with the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by the aforesaid Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and remaining unrepealed, and from the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace, granted by an'

Ad of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign*, and now under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall from Time to Time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Cudody, pursuant to' the Ad in that Case made and provided, and shall thereafter pay the same, (after deduding the Charges of raising, collecting, and r accounting for the lame, and all other Charges fird payable thereout) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in one Sum, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the present Stamp'

Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid j and that the Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Appropriate tenth Day of QQoher One thousand eight hundred and eight, out of Duties, the Mdnies so to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Three Millions nine hundred and fifty-six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten-pence, being the aggregate Amount of the net yearly Produce of the Duties, granted by the aforesaid Acts of the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign, (except the Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets since repealed, and except the Duties on Ale Licences and Game Certificates, which are intended to be removed from the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps by certain Acts of the present Session) upon an Average of Two Years, ending on the Fifth Day of January last, and of the Net Produce of the Duties on Appraisements and Licences to Appraisers, granted by the aforesaid Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for One Year, ending on the same Fifth Day of January; and which said yearly Sum shall be set apart, by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of /Ipr'd, the Fifth Day of Juh, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year 3 and them shall also be set apart, at the Exchequer, quarterly, on the Days aforesaid, or as soon after as the same can be done, such further Sum, asihall be equal to Uie Net Produce of the Duties on 1 / Licences

AaD* iSO^i

S54

C. +49*

48° GEO. III.

An Kqnjraxnt frctired to Scotland for additional Duties on Deeds, &c. nfed there, from which Scotland was exempt by tl«t* Ael of

by low Duties pt» Charters of gnaiion, &c.

Licences to deal in Thread Lace, granted by the aforesaid Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, of which a separate Account shall be kept at the Stamp Office, and be transmitted to the Exchequer; and after setting apart the said several Sums, the Remainder of the Monies io to be paid into' the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Addition made to the publick Revenue of Great Britain* for the Purpose of defraying the increased Annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created, by virtue of any Act or Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

XLVIII.*And whereas by the Act for the Union of the Two

Kingdoms of England and Scotland\ it was declared that during th"

Continuance of the respective Duties on stamped Paper, Vellum and

Parchment, by the several Acts then in force in England* Scotland should not be charged therewith, and that Scotland should not b*

charged with any other Duties to be laid on by the Parliament of ' England before the Union s And whereas at the Time of passing the

Act of Union, the Stamp Duties, in force in England, were tho£r

granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for a Term of Years, and continued by

subsequent Acts till the First Day of Avgujl One thousand fe^en

hundred and ten, and those granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of King William, for ever; and before the Union, the Duties, granted

by {he Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen ' Mary, were continued for a further Term of Ninety-six Years, from the last Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ten, during ' which Period Scotland was entitled to an Exemption* from the same:

And whereas by an Act passed in the First Session of the Parliament

of Great Britain, the said Duties, granted by the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, were continued for One Year more after the Expiration of the said Ninety-six Years,

and were made payable throughout the whole Kingdom of Gre.zt 4 Britain, and the same Duties were afterwards made perpetual by ' an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fidl;

so that those Duties would, have been now payable in Scotland,f 4 all the existing Stamp Duties had not been repealed by the aforesaid

Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, ar.d

other Duties granted in lieu thereof; in which Act, Scotland is not charged equally with England, by reason of the Exemptions then

in force; And whereas Scotland not being any longer entitled, under the Act of Union, to an Exemption from the Amount of the Stamp

Duties, granted by the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of

King William and Queen Mary, and it being more convenient ar.i ' delirable, that one uniform Rate of Stamp Duty should be payable

in England and Scotland, upon all Deeds and Instrumenis common ? to both, the Duties upon all such Deeds and Instruments are ' equalized in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and itlbeing reasonable,

that Scotland should have some other Exemption, by way of Equivalent for the A mount of the Duties granted by the said Act of the

Ninth Year of King William, the Duties now payable in Scotland upon Charters of Resignation, Instruments of Seisin, and other In-

struments in life there, for the completing or renovating of Titles to ? Lands and other heritable Subjects, are, in the said Schedule here-f unto annexed, reduced from Fourteen Shillings to Seven Shillings:

Now, in order to preserve and secure such Equivalent to Scotland,

be

A.D. 1808.

5 55

48° GEO. III. C. 149.

be it further enacted and declared, That the said Duties so reduced, in Scotland, shall not at any Time hereafter be added to or increased, in any greater Degree, than the Duties of Fifteen Shillings, charged in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, on Surrenders and other Lift ruments of or relating to Copyhold Lands in England; and that if the said last mentioned Duties shall at any Time hereafter be reduced, the said Duties on Charters of Resignation, instruments of Seidn and other Indruments, for the completing or renovating of Titles to Lands and heritable Subjects in Scotland, shall also be reduced in the same Degree.

V A & may be altered or repealed this Session. §49."

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refer*,

SCHEDULE,

>.*1

PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices,; on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION, and SECURITY for Money; on DEEDS in general; and on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not falling under either of the Two following Heads.

PART THE SECOND:

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS, or Proceedings in the Admiralty and Ecciefiailical Courts, and in the several Courts of Law and Equity at Westminster, and

' other Courts in Great Britain, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

PART THE THIRD:

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on CONFIRMATIONS of Testaments, testamentary and dative; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Commissary Courts in Scotland; on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estate? upon Inteftacy.

ADMIS-

55*

C, i49»

4«° GEO. III.

A.D. 180S.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Advocate, in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the High Court of Admiralty, iu England; or in any of the Cotlrts of Justice in Scotland

' Exemption from the preceding and all other

Stamp Duties.

Where an Advocate, admitted in one Court in England, shall he admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in England; or being admitted in one Court in Scotland, shall be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in Scotland; Lis latter Admission shall he free of Dutyf provided he shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on his former Admission, according to the Laws then in force. '

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister at Law, in either of the Inns of Court in England; for the Register or Entry thereof -

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Proctor, in any Court in England; or as a Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Court, or other Clerk or Officer, in any Court in England, whose Business and Emoluments (like those of an Attorney or Solicitor) Audi depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be whojjy uncertain in Amount«-

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Person9 duly admifled an Attorney in either of His Majesty's Courts at Wfl- piin/ler, or in either of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, end Durham, JhalLhe also admitted to a8 as an Attorney in any other of the feud Courtsy or in any inferior Court of Law, or as a Solicitor in any Court.9f Equity, in England, the latter Admission shall he free of Duty

And where any Person, dffy admitted a Solicitor in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at Westminster, or in either of the Courts of the Great Srssions in Wales, or of the Duchy of

Lancaster, or of the Counties Palatini of Chfier, Lancaster, and Durham, shall hi also admitted to act as a Solicitor in any other of the said Courts, or in any inferior Court of Equityor as an Attorney in any Court of Law in England, the latter Admijjwn shall he free of Duty:

5 000

20 o

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

ADMISSION — continued* s.

Provided such Attorney or Solicitor shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on hit former Admission, according to the Law then in force.

But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

d.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, At- L torney, or Procurator, in any^Court in Scotland 5 or as a Clerk or Officer in any Court in Scotland, whose Business and Emoluments (like those of a Solicitor) (balk depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount

And where any Person shall be admitted to act. as a Solicitor', or Agent, in the Court of Session, Judiciary, or Commission of Teinds in Scotland, who shall not have served an Apprenticeship for Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor or Agent, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship, or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the same at the Date thereof; his Admission shall be charged with a further Duty of

J\nd where any Person shall be admitted to act as a Procurator or Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland % the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, or any inferior Court in Scotland\ who shall not have served an Apprentice ship foV Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor, Agent, or Procurator, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the same at the Date thereof; his Admission shall be charged with a further Duty of

20 o

SS

2*

<a

a

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Person, duly admitted a Writer to the Signet^ or a Solicit or9Agent, or Attorney, in either of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer, or Commission of Teinds* shall he also admitted to aS in either of those Capacities injtny other or others of the same Courts: his loiter Admission shall be free of Duty: Where any Person, duly admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the High Court of Ad-

ADMISSION — continued.

mhralty, or in the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, shall be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the other of those Courts; his latter AdmiffonJhali be free of Duty

And where any Person, duly admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any of the inferior Courts in Scotland, shall be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any other or others of the same Courts; his latter Admission shall be free of Duty

Provided in each, of the foregoing Cases, the proper Stargp Duty shall have been paid, on'ihe former Admissidn of such Perf on, according to the Laws then in force

But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

£ / d+

ADMISSION of any Person as a Mailer in ordinary in Chancery, or as one of the Six Clerks, or one of the Cunitprs, of the Court of Chancery in England; or as p. Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Court or other Clerk or Officer whatsoever, in any Court in Great Britain, who msft necessarily be, employed to do certain official, Business, and whose Emoluments shall therefore «. be so far fixed and certain

Where the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment shall not amount to .50I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 50I. and ' not amount to iool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool.

and r.ot amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200I.

and not amount to 3ool. per Annum*

And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum

A»d wheVe the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount to iccol. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iooool.

and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001.

and not amount to 2, oqo1. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ocol.

and not amount to 3, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. or upwards per Annum

The said Fees and Emoluments to be "estimated according to the Average

I IO 0

3 0 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

5° 0 a

75 0 0

100 0 0

IJO 0 0

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 149.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

ADMISSION — continued. Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, if practicable; and if not, according to the belt Information that can be obtained. £* d.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties* Where any Officer shall he admitted annually, every Admission after the jirfi shalljft free of Duty, provided the proper Duty shall have hi'cu paid on his first jfdmission all! Admissions of Officers proceeding upon ary Grants of or Appointments to Offices, which shall he charged with the Duties herein after mentioned* But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person. '

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notar)' Publick. — See Faculty. 1

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Member of either of the Four Inns of Court in England ADMISSION of any Person to be a Member of either of the Societies, commonly called Inns of Chancery, in England ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the College of Physicians, in England or Scotland -ADMISSION or Licence of any Person, by the College of Physicians, in England, to exercise the Faculty of Physick in the City of London and within Seven Miles thereof ADMISSION or Matriculation of any Person in either of the Universities^ in England ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Bachelor of Arts, in either of the Uni verities in England, for the Register or Fntry thereof.

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University -

If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility, or otherwise mt of the ordinary Course ADMISSION of any Person to any other Degree in either of the Universities in England, for the Register or Entry thereof.

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University -

If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility or otherwise out of the ordinary Course, conferring any Right of Election in such University

20 o

20 O O

IO o o

O 10 o

3 o* o

6

io o o

559

ADMISSION — continued.

ADMISSION of any Perfop to the Degree of Doctor of Medicine, in either of the Universities, in Scotland -, k

Note. — The said herein-before mentioned Du-v ties on Admissions are, in all Cases not expflefsty provided for, to be charged on the Instruments of Admission, delivered to the Persons admitted, by whatsoever Name the same may be c&led, if there be any, such; or if not, on thtf Register, Entry, or Memorandum of each Admission, in the Rolls, Books/ or Records of the Court, College, Inn, or Society, in which the Admif&on shall be made; of for Want thereof, on the Rescript or Warrant for such Admission.

ADMISSION of any Perffcn into inj Corporation or Company, in any City, Borough, Burgh, or Town Corporate, in Great Britain 5 for the Register, Entry, or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll, or Record of such Corpora-^>n or Company;

Where the Admission ftiaff be in respect of feirth, Apprenticeship, or Marriage And where the same shall be upon any other Ground -

d:

IO o c

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Tie Admissions of Craftsmen or others entering in any Corporation, within any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Regality, or Burgh of Barony, in Scotland, incorporated by the Magistrates and Council of such Burgh; provided such*Craftsmen or others shall have been pre-viovjfiy admitted Freemen or Burgesses of the J&urgh, and have paid the proper Stamp Duty on such Admiflicnt according to the Laws then in force.

ADMISSION to Ecclesiastical Benefices in Scotland.

- Sec Collation.

ADMISSION or Admittance to Copyhold Lands. -See Copy hold.

AFFIDAVIT, not made for the immediate Purpose of being filed, read, or used in any Court of Law -or Equity; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment, or Vellum, on which the same shall Be written or printed

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties*

Affidavits required or authorised ly Law* to be made before any Justice or Justices of the

Q 2 6'

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

AFFIDAVIT — continued.*£ % Jt

Peace; or before any Commissioner or Commissioners of any publick Board of Revenue, er nary of the Officers acting under them; or before any other Commissioner or Commissioners.appointed or to be appointed by Act of Parliament.

Affidavits made turfuant to the Statutes for burying in Woollen.

Affidavits which may be required at the Bank of England, to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds transferable there y or to identify the Person of any such Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks on Funds.

Also all Affidavits relating to the Lofty Mutila- tion, or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bank Poffi Bill.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

AGREEMENT, or Contract, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security on any Estate pr Property therein comprised. — See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of an Agreement, made in England under Hand only, or made in Scotland without any Clause of Registration (and not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty)y where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards, whether the same shall be only Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto;

Where the same shall not contain more than 1080 Words (being the Amount of Fifteen Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy-two Words each)

And where the same shall contain more than 1080 Words'

And for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progress xve Duty of Provided always, that where (Evers Letters shall be offered in Evidence, to prove any Agreement between the Parties, who (frail have written such Letters, it shall be suffi-cien* f any one of such Letters shall be 48 Geo. III. Oo

0 16 o

1 10 a

too

1

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

AGREEMENT — continued.

stamped with a Duty of il. ios.4although the same shall in the whole contain* twice the Number of 1080 Words or upwards.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other'fiamp Duties*

Label\ Slip, or memorandum, containing the Heads of Infvrcmccs to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance9 and London /IJfurance; or by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange /IJfurance of Houses and Goods from Fire9 and London jIJfurance of Houses and Goods from Fire: Memorandum or Agreement for granting a Lease or Tachf at Rack Rent9 of any messuage, Land, or Tenement, under the yearly Rent of Five Pounds

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, manufactureer9 or Menial Servant

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares9or Merchandise:

Memorandum or Agreement made between the

Master and Mariners of arty\ Ship or Vessel, for Wages f on any Voyage Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain

Letters containing any Ag/cement (not before exempted) in respeR of any Merchandise, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pass by the PoJl9 between Merchants or other Per fans carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Great Britain, and refidxng and actually being, at the Time of fending such Letters9at Use Dislance of Fifty Miles from each other.

See also the General Exemptions at the find of this Part of the Schedule

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, real or personal or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Wpting, not being a Deed or Will And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words (being the Amount of Thirty common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy two Words each) or upwards, then fof etery entire Quantity of 1080 Words (or Fifteen common Law Folios or Sheets) contained therein, over and above the first io8o Words, a further progressive Duty of

£ j.

1 10

I O

d.

<y

o

APPOINTMENT — continued.

If made by Deed* — See Deed.

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclesiastical Benefices in England -

APPOINTMENT of a Game keeper — See Deputation.

APPOINTMENT to Offices. — See Admission* Grant.

APPRAISEMENT or Valuation of any Estate or Effects, real or personal, heritable or moveable; or of any Interest therein; or of the annual Value thereof; or of any Dilapidations; or of any Repairs wanted; or of the Materials and Labour used or to be used in any Buildings; or of any Artificers* Work whatsoever;

Where the Amount of such Appraisement or Valuation shall not exceed col;

And where it shall exceed <oL and not exceed' 100I.

And where it shall exceed 100I. and not ex.

ceed 200L - b

And where it shall exceed ?ool. and not ex.

ceed 500I.

And where it shall exceed 500I.

j(?.

I 10

O' 5

o id

0 15

1 o

d.

O

6

o

o

o

O'

Exemptions

Any Appraisement or Valuation, made in pursuance of the Order of any Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty^ or of any Court of Appeal from any Sentence^ Adjudication* or Judgment of any Court of Admiralty, or Vice-Admiralty*

APPRAISER, Licence to a & as such. — See Licence.

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP. — Indenture or other Instrument, containing the (Covenants, Articles, or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, who shall be put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkship h Attornies and others, herein after specifically charred;

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other Matter or Thing which shall be paio, given, assigned, or conveyed, or be secured to be paid, given, assigned, or conveyed to or for the Use or Benefit of the Master or Mistress, with or in respect of such Appren-l tice. Clerk, or Servant, or both the Money

and Value of such other Matter or Thing, shall pot amount to jol.*-.-

o 15 o

APPRENTICESHIP, &c. — continued.

If the same shall amount to 30I. and not amount to 50I.

If the same, shall amount to joL and not.amount to 100I.

If the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200I.

If the same shall amount to 200L and not.

amount to^ool.

If the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 400I.

If the same shall amount to 400I. and not amount to 500L If the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount to fool.

If the same shall amount to 600L and not amount to 800).

If the same shall amount to 800L and not amount to iooool.-

And if the same shall amount to 1000L or Upwards

And where there shall be no such Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the Matter or Mittreft if the Indenture or other Instrument shall not contain more than 1080 Words

And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity -

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP. — In-

£. s.

I 10

2 10

5 0

10 0

15 0

20 0

*S 0

3° 0

40 0

jo 0

0 l5

1 10

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

V

denture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles, or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Cleck, or Servant as aforesaid, who shall be put or placed to or with a new Matter or Mistress either by AfSgnment or Turnover, or upon the Death, Absence, or Incapacity, of the former Matter or Mittress, or otherwise

Where there shall be any such valuable Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the new Matter or Mittress, exclusive of any Part of the Consideration to the former Matter < or Mittress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Mutter or Mistress -

And where there shall be no such new Consideration 5 if the Indenture or other Instrument shall not contain more than 1080 Words -

And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity

And where there shall be Duplicates, or Two£j*xti % of such Indenture or other In*

'Such and tb tike Duty n proposition to Amount or Fiatut of fitch. netc federation o*/y as ii befont charged on any original Indenture of Appro> Jict/kip,

o 15 O

L 19

- v

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. in C. J49. 565

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty,

APPRENTICESHIP, &c. — continued strument, relating to any fitfh Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant as aforesaid; each Part shall be charged with the Duty before mentioned, in all Cases where the same shall not d*

exceed Thirty Shillings; and where the same shall exceed that Sum, only one Part shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, or Duty in proposition to the Con-(ideration, and the other Part shall be charged with a Duty of -Note. — And the Party bearing the ad valorem or higher Duty, shall belong to and be kept by the Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, or some Person on his or her Behalf, upon his or her beiner first placed out; and in case of any subsequent placing out, by Assignment or otherwise, the Part bearing the ad valorem Duty on that Occassion (ifany} shall belong to and be kept by the former Matter or Mistress, or his or her Represent-ativeg, or by the Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, or some Person on his or her Behalf; and in each of the said Cases, the other Party bearing the lower Duty hereby charged thereon, shall belong to and be kept by the original Matter or Mistress, or the new Matter or Mistress as the Case may be; and the same shall be respectively received in Evidence accordingly, I 10 s

Exemptions ' from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. ftidentures or other Instruments for.placing out poor Children Apprentices, by or at the foie Charge of any Parish or Township, or by or at the foie Charge of any Publick Charity, or pursuant to the Act of the % id Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices: And all Assignments of such poor Apprentices; provided there shall be no such valuable Confederation as aforesaid, given to the new Master or Mi/lrefs, other than what may have been, or shall be given by any Parish or Township, or by any Publick Charity ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall, first become bound to serve as a Clerk; in order to his Admission as an /

Attorney, or Solicitor,

is any of His Majesty* Courts at Westminster XV. O O03 v

s 66

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 180S.

C 149. 48° GEO. III. AJ>.1803.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIPcontinued. in any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales9or of the Counties Palatine of /. d.

Chester, Lancaster, and Durham; or in any other Court of Record in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings And for any Counterpart or Duplicate of any 0 0 t/> to

men Articles or contract ot Cierkltup*ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, ^whereby any Person (not Being an Attorney of one of tie Courts at Westminster) shall first become bound to serve as a clerk, in order to his Admission as a Sworn Clerk, in the Office of the Six X IO 0

Clerks of the Court of Chancery, or as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, or Side Clerk, in the Office of Pleas, or the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer, in the Court of Exchequer, in England - And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to any such Admission as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Mailer, or of the YIO 0 0 I IO 0

Contrail between them being vacated by Con* sent, or by Rule of Court, or in any other Event And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof And where any Person, having entered into any Articles of Clerkship or Contrail, bearing a Stamp Duty of 1 tol. in order to his Admission as as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court t 10 0 I IO 0

or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or in order to his Ad-miffiori as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at WeRminsters shall afterwards enter into any such Articles or Contrail as aforesaid, for any other of those Purposes; the said last mentioned Articles or f Contrail shall be charged only with a Duty of And the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof And where the same Articles of Clerkship shall be a Qualification to any Person, to be admitted, not only as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Westminster, but alfq as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the inferior Courts aforesaid; such Articles shall not be charged with more than'one Duty of 1 soL I 10 0 1* 10 0

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contra, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Pro&oV. in the High Court of Admiralty in England, or in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Doctors Commons

And for any Countepart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Ad million as a Proctor, in any of the Courts aforesaid,

for the Residue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, ia consequence of the Death of his. former Mailer, or of the Contrail between them being yacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person' shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, or Attorney, in any of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, Exchequer, and Commission of Teinds, in Scotland, -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Ap« prentlceship, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission to act as a Procurator or Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty, the CommilTary Court at Edinburgh, or any other, inferibr Court in Scotland

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall become bound to fer/e as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to any such Admission in Scotland, as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contra£l between them being vacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ASSIGNATION or Assignment, upon the Sale of any Property, — See Conveyance. ASSIGNATION in Security. — See Mortgage. ASSIGNATION of any Wadset, Heritable Bond, 8cc. — See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other similar.Security, — See Mortgage.

£.*.

110

1

10

10

io.

55

1

0

10

*5

1

o

10

10

10

d.

o

a

o

o

a

o

a

o

o

o

ASSIGNATION or ASSIGNMENT of any Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable, not otherwfe charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the tirft 1080

Words, a further progressive Duty of AWARD in England, and Award or Decreet-Arbitral in Scotland

And where the same, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease) for a Year, for veiling the Possession of Lands or other Hereditaments in England, and enabling the Bargainee

- to take a Releate of the Freehold or Inheritance, upon the Sale thereof;

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money expressed in the Release shall not amount to 50I.

And where the same shall amount to 50L and not amount to r yol.

And where the same shall amount to 1501. or upwards -

BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease) for a Year,

- upon any other Occasion

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments^ England, upon the Sale thereof or by way of Mortgage. - See Conveyances Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments in England^ upon any other Occafian " than the Mortgage or Sale thereof

And where any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, 'Receipt, or other Matter; put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity <Sf 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first ro8o Worsts, a further progressive Duty of-

£m /, dm

i 10 o

100 I 10 o

100

0 15 o

IOO X xo o

1 10 0

509

BARGAIN and SALE — continued.

s£. x.

Exemptions from tie preceding Duty. Bargains and Salesf made by Commissioners to the sffpgnees of Bankrupts, which are to pay a Duty, only as Deeds in general.

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE, Draft, or'Order, for the Payment to the Bearer, or to Order, either on Demand, or otherwise, of any Sum of Money, .'

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5I. ys. Exceeding 5I. 5s. and not exceeding 30L Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding yol.

Exceeding 50!. and not exceeding 100I.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I. Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 500I. Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooooI. -Exceeding i, ooooI. and not exceeding 3, 000l. Exceeding 3, 0001.

Inland BILL, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his tfr her Behalf*- -

Inland BILL, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, weekly, monthly, or at Any other Rated Periods, if made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or if delivered to the Payee or some Person on his or her Behalfwhere the total* Amount of thfe Money thereby made payable shall be specified therein, or can be ascertained therefrom -

010

016 020' 030 040 050 076 010 0 100 (The same Duty \ as on a Bill <3 J Exchang^for the j like Sum, pay-I able to Bearer or ^Order.

The same Duty

as on a Dill payable to Bearer^or Order, for a Sum equal to fuek total Amount.

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be indefinite

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Drafts, or Orders, for the Payment of Money within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing Act; vifc.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, by a Bill or Promissory Note, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Note, in Payment or Satisfaction of'any Sum of Money; where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment pr Delivery to be made, to the Bearer or to Order, or shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf:

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers,

' or other Person or Persons for Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to

rThefame Duty J as an a Bill far \ the Sum \jsxprejfedmdy.

BILLS — continued*

entitle, the Person or Person s paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum front any Third Person or Persons:

And all Bills, Drafts, or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be avauable $ or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, or if the lame shall be delivered to the Payee or some Person on his or her Behalf:

Foreign BILL of EXCHANGE, (or BUI of Exchange drawn in but payable out of Great Britain,) if drawn singly, and not in a Set

foreign BILL of EXCHANGE, drawn in Sets according to the Custom of Merchants; for every Bill of each Set; where the Sum made payable thereby shall not exceed 100I.

And where it shall exceed iool. and not exceed 2Cd1..-

And where it shall exceed 200I. and not exceed 500I.

And where it shall exceed cool, and not exceed i, ooq1.

And where it shall exceed i, ooool. and not exceed 3, 000l.

And where it shall exceed 3, 000l.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties dll Bills of Exchange, or Bank Post Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England:

Jill Bilhf Orders, Remittance Bills, and Remittance Certificates, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters, and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commi/poner or Commissioners of the Navy, under the Jiuthority of the Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His Mujfly's Reign*, for the more expeditions Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy

All Bills drawn pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissioners of the Navy, or by the Commissioners for ViSualTing

the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, and for taking care of sick and wounded Seamen, upon and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy

4

Duty.

s. dm

fThc fame Dsf;

<u <hi an it -

land Bill of the

\Jfime -4rr.r>u*t

land Tenor.

O I O

O 2 O

O 3 O

O 4 O

O S O

O 10 O

35 G. 3.C. 94.

SCHEDULE, PART I,

BILLS — continued.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons aSing as a Banker, who; Shalt refiie or trapfaEt the Business of a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Drafts or Orders /halt Be drawn; Pro aided such Place shall Be specified in such Drafts or Orders; and provided the same shall bear Date on or before the Day, on which the same shall be issued; and provided the same do not direQ the Payment to be made, by Bills or Promissory Notes

All Bills, for the Pay and Allowances of His Majestys Land Foroes, or for other Expenditures liable to be charged in the publick Regimental or DiflriB Accounts, which shall be drawn, according to the Forms now prescribed or hereafter to he prescribed by His Majesty's Ordbn, by the Paymasters of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief Paymaster or Deputy Paymaster and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the Paymasters of Recruiting Districts, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorised to perform the Duties of toe Pay mastership, during a Vacancy, or the Absence, Sujpension or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as afore-saidf save and except such Bills as shall be drawn in favoun of Contractors or others, who furmjb Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their Contracts or Agreements shall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for tie Articles supptted by them.

Duty.

" — Mvr

s* d*

BILL of LADING, of or for any Goods, Merchandize, or Effects to be exported BILL of SALE absolute.-rSee Conveyance. BILL of SALE as a Security. — See Mortgage..BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money,

Not exceeding 100I.

Exceeding 100I. and not exceeding 300I. Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I. > -Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool. -Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool. Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, 000l. Exceeding 3, ooool. and not exceeding 4, 000l. Exceeding 4, 000l. apd not exceeding 5, 000l.

03#

too 1 10 o 200

4 0 0

4OO

5 0 0 6 00 700

SCHEDULE, PART I.

BOND — continued

Exceeding 5, 000l. and not exceeding io, ooooh Exceeding 1 o, ooool. and not exceeding 15, 000l. Exceeding 15, 000l. and not exceeding 20>ooool. Exceeding 20, 000l.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, % ^iven as a Security for the Re-payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, to be thereafter lent, 'advanced, or paid, or which may become doe upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Cgfe may be)

Where the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -And where the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited, not to exceed a given Sum

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company

Heritable BOND in Scotland for any of the Purpose$ aforesaid. — See Mortgage.

'BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland* given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, which shall be in part secured by a Mortgage or Wadset, or other Instrument herein after charged with the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, bearing even Date with such Bond; or for the Performance of Covenants contained in such Mortgage or other Instrument; or for both those Purposes BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as the only or principal Security, for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof\ — See Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, See.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland,

?iven as a collateral or auxiliary Security for the 'ayment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof, where the same shall be

Duty.

£. 1. <L

9 O Q 12 0 0 15 O O

20 O O

20 O O r The same Duty j as on a Band fee j fitch limited kSum.

-Thc same Dvfy asana Band form Sum of Momy, equal to the fit-hit of the Stock or Fund fieuredm j according to the 'i average Prire thereof, an the Day of tho Date of the Band, or on either of the Ten Daw. t preceding.

loo

BOND — continued.

granted or conveyed, or secured, br any other Deed or Instrumenc, liable to and charged with the ad valorem Duty, herein after imposed on Conveyances upon the Sale of any Property BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland* given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity, (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof) or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods, (not being Interefi for any Principal Sum, nor Rent reserved or payable upon any Lease or Tack) for any definite and certain Term, so that the total Amount of the Money to be paid, can be previously ascertained BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of, any Annuity, {except as aforesaid), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods, (not being Interest for any principal Sum, nor Rent reserved Mr payable upon any Least or Tael) for the Term of Life, or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity or Sums secured shall not amount to rol. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iol. and not amount to 50]. per Annum And where the same mall amount to 50I. and not amount to 100I. per Annum.-And where the same shall amount to 100L and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200L and not amount to 30c!. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 400I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 400I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to yocL and not amount to 750I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount toi, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to i, ooool.

and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500b and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. per Annum, or upwards -

But where there shall be both a Personal and Heritable Bond, in Scotland, in separate Deeds of the same Date, for securing any such Annuity, or Sums payable at Hated Periods, and the ad valorem Duty above charged thereon

j£. /. dm

100

The same Duty as on a Bond of the like Nature* j for the Payment J of a Sum of Money, equal to fitch total simount.

I O 0

I 10 < 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 9

6 0 0

7 0 0

9 0 0

12 0 0

lS 6 0

20 0 0

JBQND — continuedL

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Bonds of the Royal Exchange and London Assurance Corporations, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of King George the First, under which they were incorporated f

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duty, ly the Act of the 2 6th Year of His frefent MajeJlfs Reign, or any other AB now, in force for the Encouragement of the British

Fisheries

Bends, exempted from Stamp Duty, ly the Act of the 28 th Year of His present Majesty's Reign % of any other Act now in force9relating to the Exportation of Wool, or any Manufacture thereof or FullerV Earthy Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay; or ly the AB of the 29th Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, relating to the Exportation of Tolacco from His MajeJlfs Warehouses

Coast Bonds, or Bonds relating to the carrying of Goods or Merchandize Coast wife, whether f the same shall be given pursuant to the Act of /the 32 d Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain, or pursuant to the Directions of any Proclamation or Order in Council, ly His Majesty, His. Heirs or Successors

Bonds and other Securities, ' exempted- from Stamp Duty, by the Act of the $$d'Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any other Act now in force, for the Encouragement of Friendly Societies .*

Administration Bonds, given ly the Wide, w9 Child, Father, Mother y Brother, or Sifter of any Common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be flain or die in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors

Admintftpotion Bond given by any Perf on, where the Ajlate to be administered shall ndt exceed ZCJ. in Value

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schtdule.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly, by every Person admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in

£. s.

d.

48° GEO. III. C. 149.

'577

A.D. 1808.

C E RTIFIC ATE — continued

any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, hnd Durham, or in any other Court in England, holding Pleas where the Debt or Damage, amounts to Forty Shillings; — and by every Person admitted as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts in England; — and by every Person admitted as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney, or Procurator, in any of the Courts in Scotland; — and by every Person admitted or inrolled as a Notary Publick in England or Scotland; — and also by every Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, and other Clerk or Officer in any of the Courts aforesaid, who, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, shall commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, in any of the Courts aforesaid,

or do any Notarial A A whatever, for or in ex-, pe&ation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, as an Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Proctor, Procurator, or Notary Publick, although' not admitted or inrolled as such;

If he shall reside'in the City of London, or City of Westminster^ or within the Limits of the Two-penny Post in England, or within the City or Shire of Edinburgh 5 And if he shall have been admitted, or*been in possession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards Or if he shall not have been admitted or been in possession so Ipng If he shall reside elsewhere;

And if he shall have been admitted, or been in >possession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years of upwards Or if he shall not have been admitted or been in possession so long But no one Person is to be obliged to take out more than One Certificate, although he may act in more than one of the Capa* cities aforesaid, or in several of the Courts aforesaid.

10

5

6

x. d

o o o o

o o o o

Exemptions 1

dll Clerlt and Officers of any of the Courts aforesaid, who shall aQ or he concerned in the ConduQ or Management of any dffion, 'Suits Prosecution^ or other Proceedings by virtue and in the Execution of their respective Offices or Appointments only, and shall not be 48 Geo. III. " P p

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

S7»

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CERTIFICATE — continued*, £m

also retained or employed by any Party to such Action* Suit* Prosecutioi1* or other Proceeding* or by any Attorney* Solicitor* Agent*

Proctor* or Procurator on behalf of any Party thereto* for or in expectation of any Fee or Reward9 other than the established x Fees due and payabte in respect of their Offices and Appointments

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly* by every Person, being a Member of One of the Fbur.Inna of Court in England, who in the Character of Conveyaneer, Special Pleader, Draftsman in Equity, or otherwise, shall for or in expedition of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed or Instrument relating to, any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, or any other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleaalngs or Proceedings in any Court of, Law or Equity 5

If he shall reside in the City of London* or City of Westminster* or within the Limits of the Two-penny Post in England And if he shall reside else where

Exemptions

Serjeants at Law* and Barristers

Attorn its. Solicitors* Prodors* and Notaries Publish* and other Persons acting as such by virtue of any Office or Appointment who shall respectively tale out Certificates in those Char afters

Publick Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Instruments* by virtue of their Offices* and in the course of their official Duty only* h and not otherwise

CERTIFICATE of Admission to Degrees in the Universities — See Testimonial, CERTIFICATE of Marriage, except of any common Seaman, Marine* or Soldier CERTIFICATE of any Person's having received the Holy Sacrament CERTIFICATE of anys Goods, Wares; or Merchandize, having been duly entered inwards, which shall be entered outwards for Exportation, at the Port of Importation, or be removed from thence to any other Port, for the more convenient Exportation thereof from Great Britain; where such Certificate shall be issued, for enabling any Person to obtain a Debenture or Certificate, entitling him to receive any Drawback of any 2

TO

6

o

o

o o Q o

5 O

5

SCHEDULE, PART L

CERTIFICATE — continued.

Duty or Duties of Customs, or any Part thereof — +See also Debenture -

CHARTER of Resignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novodamus, or upon Apprising, or upon a Decreet of Adjudication or Sale, of any Lands, or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland, holden of any Subject Superior

And where the same shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ro8o Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty Of -

CHARTER-PARTY, or any Agreement or Con- trad for the Charter of any Ship or Vessel, or any Memorandum, Letter, or otheV Writing, between the Captain, Master, or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any other Person for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods, or EiTe&s, on board of such Ship or Vessel

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contaip 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and abore the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contract of — See Ap-PRBNTiCEsHrp, Articles.

COLLATION, by any Archbishop or Bishop, to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds of upwards in the King's Books COLLATION, by any Archbishop or Bishop, to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion lyhatsoever, in England COLLATION, Institution, or Admission, by any Pryfbytefy or Other competent Authority, to any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Scotland COMMISSION, granted by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons duly authorised by him ojr them, to any Officer in the Army, or in the Corps of Royal Marines

Exemptions from the preceding and all other

Stamp Duties.

Commission* granted to Officers of Yeomanry Cavalry* or Volunteer Infantry.

COMMISSION, granted by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, of the United Kingdofti| to any Officer in the Navy Ppa

Duty, jfi. /« d* 040

O^O

o 70

I 10 o

109

20 O O

lo e o 10 6-

l 10 9

9 5

jto

G.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

COMMISSION — continued.

COMMISSION, or Deputation, granted by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise COMMISSION, appointing any Person Receiver General of the Land and other Taxes, for any County or District in Great Britain COMMISSION, appointing any Manager or Director, Managers or Directors, of or concerning any Lottery or Lotteries to be drawn pursuant to Act of Parliament COMMISSION to act as a Notary Publick in Scotland*--See Faculty.

COMMISSION, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland* — -See Letter or Attorney.

COMPOSITION — Deed or other Instrument of Coir.position, between a Debtor or Debtors, and his, her, or their Creditors

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, oyer and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of CONDITIONAL 'Surrender of any Copyhold or Customary Estate, by way of Mortgage. — See Mortgage.

CONSTAT of Letters Patent. — See Exemplification.

CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Alignment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation, or of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, upon the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, Title, Interest, or CUim, in, to, out of, or upon, any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property -That is to say, for and in respect of the principal or only Deed or Jn/lrument9 whereby the Lands or other Thing fold shall be granted, assigned, 'transferred, relcased, renouneed, or otherwise conveyed to, or veiled in, the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, by his, her, or their Direction;

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money, therein or thereupon expressed, shall not amount to 50I.

And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to 1501.

And where the same shall amount to 1501. and not amount to 300L

£ tm

I IO

20 O

20 O

I IO

I O

0 15

1 0 1 10

d.

O

o

o

o

0

0

o

Q

schedule; PART I.

CONVEYANCE — continued.

And where the same shall amount to 306L and not amount to 500!.

And where the same shall amount 105001. and not amount to 750I.

And where the same shall amount to 75pl. and not amount to i, ooooL

And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 2, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 2, 0001.' and not amount to 3, 000l.

And where the same shall amount to 3, 000l. and not amount to 4, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 4, ooool. and not amount to 5, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 5, ooool. and not amount to 7, 5001.

And where the same shall amount to 7, 5001. and not amount to 10, 000l.

And where the same shall amount to 10, 000l. and not amount to 1 c, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 15, 0001. and not amount to 20, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 20, ooool. and not amount to 30, 000l.

And where the same shall amount to 30, 0001. and not amount to 40, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 40, 0001. and not amount to 50*0001.

And where the same shall amount to 50, 0001. or upwards

And where any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments in England shall be conveyed by a Deed of Feoffment, with or without any Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained to deliver or receive Seisin, or by a Deed of Bargain and Sale inroiled; such Deed of Feoffment or Bargain and Sale, unless accompanied with a Lease and Release, shall be charged with a further Duty as follows:

If the Purchase or Confederation Money,therein or thereupon expressed shall be

under 50I.

If it shall amount to 50I. and not amount to 156.

If it shall amount to 1501. or upwards -

But if there shall be both a Feoffment and a Bargain and Sale inrolled, then the said further Duty shall not attach on either.

Note. — The Purchase or Confederation Money is to be truly expressed and fat forth, in Pp3

Doty

£. /. IT

2 10 0

S Q 0

7 20 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

3° O 0

5? O 0

7 5 O 0

too O 0

t; o O 0

200 0 0

300 0 0

400 0 0

O O V. 0 9

°5

° 0*to e

SCHEDULE, PART CONVEY ANCE-wtfu/iWJ. '

I.

Duty. A I-

Words at length, in or upon every such Principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance.

And where any Lands or other Property, corttracted to be sold at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed, in separate Parts or Pareels, by different Instruments, the Purchase or Consideration Money fh^fl be divided and apportioned, in such Manner as the Parties shall think fit, so that a distinct

?onsideration, for each separate Part or areel, may be set forth m or upon the principal or only Instrument of Conveyance relating thereto.

And where any Lands or other Property, shall be sold and conveyed, subject to any Mortgage, Bond, or other Debt, or to any gross or entire Sum of Money, to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Debt or Sum of Money shall be deemed Part of the Confederation, in respect whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid.

And to prevent Doubts, respelting what shall be deemed the principal Deed or Instrument of Conveyance9 in certain Cases, it is hereby declared;

That where arty Lands or Hereditaments, in England, shall be conveyed by Bargain and Sale iarolied, and also by Lease and Release, or Feoffment with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Release or Feoffment shall be deemed the principal Deed 5 and the Bargain and Sale shall be charged only with the Duty hereby, imposed on Deeds in general. — (See Deed) — But the same shall not be inrolled or be available, unless also damped for testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Release or ^feoffment, as directed by this

Aa.

And where any Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed by Lease and Release, and also by Feoffment, with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Release shall be deemed the principal Deed; and the Feoffment shall be charged only with the Duty hereby imposed on Deeds in general. — (See /)e(d)-But the same shall not be available, unlessv also liamped for testifying the Pay-

SCHEDULE, PART I

Duty.

CONVEYANCE — continued.

£ s* d*

znent of the ad valorem Duty oiTthe Re* lease, as directed by this Act.

And where any Copyhold pr Customary Estate shall be conveyed, by a Deed of Bargain and Sale, by the Commissioners named in a Commission of Bankrupt, or by Executors, or others, by virtue of a Power given by Will, or by Act of Parliament, the Deed of Bargain and Sale shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

And in other Cases of Copyhold or Customary Estates, the Surrender, or Voluntary Grant, or the Memorandum thereof respectively, if mad? out of Court, Or the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender, or Voluntary Grant, if made in Court, shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

Ana where, in Scotland, there shall be a Dif-position or Assignation, executed by the Seller, and any other Instrument or Instruments to complete the Title, the Disposition or Assignation shall be deemed the principal Instrument.

And where, upon the §ale of any Annuity or other Right not before in Ext/hncer the lame shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, jContrad, or otherwise; the Bond or other Instrument, by which the same shall be secured, or foine one of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall be deemed and taken to be liable to the same Duty as ao actual Grant or Conveyance.

And where the principal or only Deed or In-. strument of Conveyance, ('except the Surrender or Voluntary Grant out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof or the Copy of Court Roll of a Surrender or Voluntary Grant in Court of any Copyhold or Cudomary Estate) together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain, 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, oyer and above the first 1080 Words, a furtherprogressive Duty of -

And where any such Surrender or Voluntary Grant out of 'Court, or the Memorandum thereof, or the Copy of Court Roll of a Surrender or Volun - mt in Court of

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

CONVEYANCE — continued.

any Copyhold or Customary Estate, shall be the principal or only Instrutnent of Conveyance, and shall, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, contain a 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of And where there shall be Several Deeds or Instruments for completing the Title to the Property fold; such of them, as are not liable to the Said ad valorem Duty, shall be charged with the Duty, to which the same may be liable, under any general or

?articular Description of such Deeds or nstruments contained in this Schedule.

£ Sm

o 15

sL

o

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Conveyances upon the Sale of Lands, i£c.

All Leases and Tacit s of Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, for a Life or Lives9or for a Term of Tears, determinable with a Life or Lives, or for a Term absolute, not exceeding Ninety-nine Tears, in consideration of a Fine or Graffum paid for the same; which Leases and Tacks are herein after otherwise charged.

All voluntary Grants, made by the Lord or Lady of any Manor9of any Copyhold or Customary Lands' or Hereditaments, for a Life or Lives, for a pecuniary Consideration, and the Copies of Court Roll of such voluntary Grants; which Grants and Copies are herein after otherwise charged

All Surrenders and other Instruments, relating only to Copyhold or Customary Estates, whose clear yearly Value shall not exceed 2 ox.

which are herein after otherwise charged.

All Transfers of Shares in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea and East India Companies; which are herein after otherwise charged

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for tie.Consideration Money.

Conveyances of Rents purchased under the AB of the 34/0 Year of His Majesty's Reign9 c. 75, for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of

A»13» i8dB« 48 GEO. III. C« 149*

CONVEYANCE — continued.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, upon subseaucnt Sales thereof by the Purchasers or their Heirs or AJfgns % to the Owners of the Lands or other Hereditaments, out of which the same are payable; where the Con-Jideration Money to be paid on such subsequent Sales shall not exceed the Sum of lol.

4?.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other \ Stamp Duties.

All Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds.

For other Exemptions, fee the Titles, Grant, Lease, and at the End of this Part of the Schedule

CONVEYANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to' the Crown. — See Grant.

CONVEYANCE of any Estate or Property, ip trust for Sale, which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock.- — See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of Lands or other Pro-, perty, to a Purchaser, in the same Deed with a Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security made thereupon. — See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

COPY, attested to be a true Copy, in the Form which hath been commonly used for that Purpose, or in any other Manner authenticated or declared to be a true Copy, or made for the Purpose of being given in evidence as a true Copy, of any Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other Instrument of Conveyance, or any other Deed whatever, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, or of any Part thereof rc-( spectively 5

Where such a Copy shall be made for the Security or Use of any Person, being a Party'to, or taking any Benefit or Interest im-

t 10 o

low

5*5

COPY — continued.

mediately under, such Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other Instrument And if the same shall contain 1440 Words (being the Amount of Twenty Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy-two Words each) or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 720 Words (or Ten Common Law Folios or Sheets) contained therein, over and above the first 726 Words, a further progressive t)uty of -

And where any such Copy shall be made, for the Security or Use of any Person, not being a Party to, or taking any Benefit or Interest immediately under, such Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other instrument And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words contained therein, over and above the first 720 Words, a further progressive Duty of -And all Copies, which shall at any Time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose.

£. i.

o 10 o

o 10 o

OIO

O f o

Exemptions from the Receding and all other Stamp Duties.

Al7 Copies attested or authenticated as aforesaid, which shall be made for the private Use only of any Person having the Custody of toe original Infruments % or of his or her Counsel, Attorney 1 nr Solicitor.

COPY, attested or authenticated as aforesaid, or made for the Purpose of being given in Evidence as a tme Copy, of any original Will, Testament, or Codicil 5 or of the Probate or Probate Copy of any Will or Codicil; or of any Letters of Adminifl ration $ or of any Confirmation of a Tcfiament testamentary or dative % or of any Part thereof respectively -

And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words, contained in any such Copy, over and above the first 720. Words, a further progressi/oc Duty of

And all Copies, which shall at any Time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose.

Office COPY or Extract of any Will or Codicil, deposited in any Ecclesiastical Court mJZngland And for every entire Quantity of 90 Words, contained in any such Copy or Extract, over and above the first 90 Words, a further progressive Duty of

010

010

010

010

A.D. 1808.

4* GEO. III. C. 149.

C O PY — continued.

COPY or Extract of any Memorial, or of the Register of any Memorial, registered pursuant to any Act of parliament, made or to be made, for the publick registering of Deeds and Conveyances, in England

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extract shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -COPY or Extract of any Deed, frr of any other -In strument qot falling under the Description of Lava Proceedings, which shall be made or taken from the Rolls or Records of any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extract shall be written, after the first, a further progressvce Duty of Jfltejlcd COPY or Extract, of any Deed, Instrument, or Writing, given out from any Publick Register, or from the Books or Records of any Court, in Scotland -

And where the same shall contain more than 1296 Words, then for every entire Quantity of 1296 Words contained therein, over and above the first. 1296 Words, a further progressive Duty of

And for any less Quantity of Words contained therein, over and above the first 1296 Words, or over and above any second, third, or Other full Quantity of 1296 Words, further Duty of r «r

t

Enepiptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Dutiesf Ext rads of the Decrees of Courts, other than such formal Decrees of Regiflration as are ufuauy annexed to the ExtraSs of Writings. Copies or ExtraS* of f*jrotefls9 upon Pills or Promtffory Notes* for any Sum under Forty Shillings Jlerlingm Extracts of Commissions of Per fane as Delegates or Representatives to tie Generql AJfanbiy, or to any Presbytery or Church Courts in Scotland; and ef Commt/ftons of Delegates to the Qonvention of Royal Burghs; and of Commissions of Delegates from any Royal Burgh for the Election of Members of Parliament.

COPYHOLD Estates; and Customary Estates passing by Surrender and Admittance, or by

<£ s* it

050

050

020

020

0 s a

Q 2 P

0 2 P

shall v exceed

C O P YH O LD — continued

Admittance only, and not by Deed; — Instruments relating thereto, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage, or of Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, — viz.

Any Surrender made out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof 5 — where the clear yearly Value of the Eft ate Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands$ &c. and Mortgage.

'Any Admittance out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings And where both a Surrender and Admittance, or more than one Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, shall be contained in the lame Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said Duties shall be paid, in respect of each Surrender and each Admittance.

And where any such Surrender or Ad- mittance, or the Memorandum thereof, together with iny Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a furthej pro-

SreJfive ^ut7 of

The Copy of Court Roll of any Surrender made in Court; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings - - '

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings $ce also Conveyance upon the Sak of Lands, t&e. and Mortgage.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Admit tance in Court; — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings And where Copies of both a Surrender and Admittance, or of more than one Surrender or Admittance, shall be contained

£ / d»

o 15 o 050

o 15 o P 5 0

o 15 ©

G 15 O ©JO

O 15 G p 5 o

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 149*, 589

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

COPYHOLD — continued. in the same Piace of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said Duties shall be paid, in respect of each Surrender and each Admittance, except in the Case of a Recovery herein after provided for. And where the Copy of any such Surrender or Admittance, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put Or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, £. / dm

shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entfre Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over, and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of The Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances, and other Acts, which shall take place in Court, for the Purpose of perfecting a Common Recover y of any entailed Copyhold or Customary Estate; from the Surrender to make a Tenant to the Praecipe, down to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, in fee, or to the Admittance for Life of the former*Tenant for Life, with Remainder to the Tenant in Tail, in fee, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, both inclusive $ or from the Surrender to make a Tenant to the \ °5

Praecipe, inclusive, to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, or Tenant for Life, otherwise than as aforesaid, or to the Admittance of any other Person, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, exclusive where the dear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings*And if the Copy of Court Roll of any other Admittance or Surrender, Admit-. tances or Surrenders, shall be contained in the same Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances, and other Acts for the Purpose aforesaid; the same shall be charged with such and the same Duty or Duties, as if the same had been written upon a separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, over and above the said Duties heteby imposed 011 the Copy of Court Roll of the Recovery. Any Voluntary Grant by the Lord or Lady, or Steward, of any Manor, made out 5 r Five Times I 0 15 0 r Fire Times 1 0 5 0

59

C. 149.

48* do. lit.

A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

COPYHOLD — continued.

of Court, or the Memottadafn thereof, with or without Admittance thereon; - whefe the clear yearly Value of the Estate Audi exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

See atfo Conveyance Upon the Sale of Lands, tefe. and Mortgage.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Voluntary Grant made in Court, by the Lord or Lady, or Steward, of apy Manor, with or without Admittance thereon 5 — where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exdfeed Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands* and MortcagE.

And where any Voluntary Grant* or the Memorandum, or Copy of CcAirt Roll thereof, together with any Schedule* Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain ii6o Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further frngrejfvre Duty of -Any Licence to demile, or the Memorandum thereof, if granted out of Court 5 and the Copy of Court Roll of any Licence to.demise, if granted in Courtwhere the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings -

Duty.

dim /. dm

Twice PI 50

Twice

050

Twice o 15 a

Twice

05O

0 ig

P 15 0

050

Exemptions from the preceding and nil other Stamp Duties.

Original Surrenders out of Court to the Uses of a FVillj or to a Trustee fr the Uses or Purposes of a Will.

The Court JRJls or Books of any Manor $ wherein the Proceedings relating thereto shall be entered or minuted

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

DEBENTURE or Certificate, for entitling any Person tot receive any Drawback of ary Duty or Duties* or Part of any Duty or Duties, oi Cuf-

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

DEBENTURE — continued.

toms or Excise, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain to any Part beyond the Seas

£ /.

o 4

d.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

All Debentures or Certificates for Bounty, which were heretofore exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament, granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Linetu or Sail Cloth

DECLARATION of any UseorTrust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estate or Property, real or personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the (ird 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed. — -See Deed.

DEED, whereby any teal Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or heritable Subjects in Scotland. — See Mortgage, Disposition.

DEED containing an Obligation to infeft any Person, in heritable Subjects in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, as a Security for Money, but without any personal Bond or Obligation therein for Payment of the Money intended to be secured. — See Mortgage.

DEED of any Kind whatever, not other wise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

DEFEAZANCE. — Deed or other Instrument of Defeasance, of any Conveyance, Dispoiirion, Assignatton, or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security for Money or Stock.

See Mortgage.

DEPUTATION by the Commissioners of Custoxns or Excise. — See Commission.

1 10 6

too

I to o

too

SCHEDULE, PART I.

DEPUT ATION — continued*

DEPUTATION or Appointment of a Gamekeeper

DISCHARGE for Money. — See Receipt. DISPENSATION, for holding two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity and a Benefice, in England; where either of them shall be above the yearly Value of Ten Pounds in the King's Books -'-

And in all other Cases -

DISPENSATION of any other Kind, from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Matter of the Faculties for the Time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritualties during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See

DISPOSITION of Lands or heritable Subjects, in Scotlandf to singular Successort or Purchasers. — See Conveyance.

DISPOSITION of Lands or other heritable Subjects in Scotlands to a Purchaser, containing a Clause, declaring all or any Part of the Purchase Money, a real Burden upon or affecting the Lands or heritable Subjects thereby disponed, or any Part thereof:

Such Disposition shall be charged, not only with the ad valorem and progressive Duties t herein-before charged on a Conveyance upon

the Sale of Lands or heritable Subjects in Scotland, but also with the ad valorem Duty herein after charged on any Deed creating % t a real Burden on Lands in Scotland. — See Conveyance, Mortgage. DISPOSITION in Security, in Scotland. — See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Wadset, heritable Bond, &c.-See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Lands or other Property, heritable or moveable, in Scotland> or of any Right or Intcrett therein, not otheraur/e charged in this Schedule -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of DOCQUET, made on pamng under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, any Grant, Letters Patent, Exemplification, Conttat, or other In-ftniment, requiring a Docquet DONATION, by His Majesty, His Hcift or Successors, or by any other Patron,

Duty.

j£. x. d. I IO O

30 o o

AO O O

30 o o

1100

100

0 2 0

S93

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

DONATION — continued. Of aay Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in the King's £. e. d.

Books - 20 0 0

Of any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever, in England DRAFT for Money. — See Bill of Exchange. EIK to a Reversion. — See Mortgage. 16 0 0

EXCHANGE of Lands, or other Hereditaments or heritable Subjects, whether any Sum of Money shall be paid for Equality of Exchange or not -And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 1 10 0

Words, a furtherprogrcffive Duty of EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* of any Letters Patent or 100

Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, or of any Lands, Office or other Thing whatsoever; For every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Exemplification or Constat shall be written EXTRACTS from Registers and Records in England and Scotland. — See Copy. AFCTORY, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland. — See Letter of Attorney. S 0 0 /

FACULTY, Licence, or Commission, for admitting or authorising any Person to act as a Notary Publick in England FACULTY, Licence, or Commission, for admitting or authorising any Person to act as a Notary 30 0 0

Publick in Scotland 20 0 p

FACULTY from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritmdties during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See, not otherwise t

charged -FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England\ upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof. — See Conveyance — Mortgage. 30 0 0

FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England, not otherwise charged 48 Geo. III. Q q x 10 0

594

*8* GEO. III.

A.D. 1&o8«

C«149.

Duty.

FEOFFMENT — continufd.

And where the same shall contain any Letter or Letters of Attorney to deliver or receive Seiiin, a further Duty of And where the same, together with any such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and any Schedule, Receipt, or bther Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, theu for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of FURTHER CHARGE. — See Mortgage.

GIFT of Ultimus Hasres, Bastardy, Escheat, or Forfeiture, in Scotland. — See Grant.

GIFT of the vacant Stipend of any Parish in Scotland, whereof the Presentation to the Church shall belong to the Crown - s. i

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or under the Seal kept and used in Scotland m place of the Great Seal formerly tried there

Of the Honour or Dignity q£ a Duke

- of a Marquis

- of an Earl

of a Viscount

- of a Baron

- of a Baronet

Of a Congo d'elire, to any Dean and Chapter, for the Election of an Archbishop or Bishop Of the Royal Assent to or Signification of the Election made by any Dean and Chapter, or of the Nomination and Presentation by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in default of such Election, of any Person to be an Archbishop or Bishop Of or for the RcAitution of the Temporalties to any Archbishop or Bishop Of any other Honour, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever, or of any <Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate And where two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the same Letters Patent to the Tame Penon, speh Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in f, rdhed of the highest in point of Rank| only.

jg. / dm

I IO O

i o e

1 10 a

200 O- <X

200 O O

SCO O O

150 O O

IOO O O-

50 O O

23 O O

20 O O

20 O Qr

23 O O

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III.

0.149.

595

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

GRANT — continued.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or Persons, in remainder, the Letters Patent shall be charged with such further Duty, in respect of evciy Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the same Honourr Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than one Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet, or Piece thereof, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

20

s.

o

o

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Commissions of Rebellion in Process

Letters Patent or Briefs for collecting Charitable Benevolences

Letters Patent for confirming any Dispensation hereinbefore charged with a Duty. '

GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors GRANT or Licence to take and use a Name and Arms, or either of thein GRANT, Lease, or Tack, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal of the Exchequer in England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Seal kept and used in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal formerly used there $ or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Royal Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, unless directed to any of the Seals afgre-said;

Of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, whatever the Tenure thereof may be, which have or shall come to His Majesty, His Heirs or Siiccedors, by Escheat or Forfeiture9 or by reason of the same being purchased by or for any Alien; or which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, is or shall be otherwise entitled to, in right of the Crown, and be authorised to dispose of, absolutely, as he or they shall think fit; whether such Grant, Lease, or Tack, shall be in fee or fee tail, or for Term of Life or Years 5

Qi*

20 O O

10 O O

59*

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

G R A NT — continued. Or of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to the Crown in Scotland, whereof His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, is or shall be authorised to make only certain limited Grants, Leases, or Tacks; whether such Grant, Lease, or Tack, shall be for Term of Life or Years; Or of any Goods, Chattels, or personal or moveable Estate, or other Profit, whereof the Grant is not otherwise charged in this Schedule; Where such Grant, Lease, or Tack shall be £. dm

intended to operate in any Degree, as a Gift, except in the Cases next herein after mentioned, then for every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the same shall be written, a Duty of -And where any such Grant, Lease, or Tack, operating as a Gift, shall be of Lands or other Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by £scheat9 for want of Heirs of.auy Person, who was a bare Trustee thereof, or seized into the Hands of the Crown upon any Outlawry in a Civil Action, at the Suit 20 a

of any of His Majesty's Subjects And if the lame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over 1 10 0

and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of And where any such Grant, Lease, or Tack, shall be made for what shall be deemed and intended as a full and adequate Consideration for the same, either in Money paid at once, or in Rent, or in Lands or Hereditaments given in Exchange, or otherwise 100 CTfte same Dufy I as an a Grant, I Lease, or Turk J of the like Dt-| jeription, made I ly any of His Majesrfs Suh-Ejects.

GRANT, or Conveyance, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, made in pursuance of the Act passed in the 19th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 45. for enabling the Chancellor 'and Council of the Duchy, to fell certain Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey'The same. Duty as for any other Conveyance upon the Sale of j any Property, for a Ctuf/ides c-tion of the like Amount, See Convey* V.ANCE.

GRANT — continued.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for the Consideration Money.

All Grants and Conveyances under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, made in pursuance of the said Act of the 19 th Year of His Majesty's Reign, where the Confide ration Money paid for the same shall not exceed iol.

GRANT, Lease or other Conveyance, from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any personal Eft ate, being respectively the private Property of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and subject to His or their absolute Disposal, by virtue of the Act passed in the 4: th Year of His Majesty's Reign, concerning the Disposition of certain real and personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors GRANT under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or the Seal kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal formerly used there; or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, unless diredfced to any of the Seals aforesaid; out of the Civil List, either of England or Scotland, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament;

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and to 250I.

' Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I.

Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to 750I.

Amounting to 750I to i, ooool.

Amounting to i, ooool. every iool. thereof

Or of any Annuity or Penjton*

Not amounting to iool. per Annum Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200I. per Annum -Amounting, to 20ol. and not amounting to 490L per Annum

9*3

Em I. dm

The same Duty us on a Grata, Lease, or Conveyance of the'like Dejcrtpticm, from any of His Majesty's Subjects.

cot amounting

and

not amounting or upwards; for

I IQ Q 400 IO O920 O Q 30 O O 5 0 0 X IO O 4 0 0 10 O O

GRANT — continued.

Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to fool, per Annum -

Amounting to 690k and not amounting to 800I. per Annum -

Amounting to 800L and not amounting to i, ooool. per Annum Amounting to i, oooo1r per Annum, or upwards

But where any tuch Grant of an Annuity or Pension shall be made in confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

And where Several and di(lin& Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the same Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole.

GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any other Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, of or to any Office or Employment* by Letters patent, Deed, or other Writing;

Where the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments appertaining thereto, shall not amount to 50k per Annum And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200k per Annum And where the lame shall amount to 200k and not amount to 300k per Annum And where the lame shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500L and not amount to 750k per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750k and not amount to j, 000k per Annum And where the same shall amount to i, ooool.

and not amount to 1, 500k per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500k and not amount to 2, 000k per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, 000k and not amount to 3, 000k per Annum And-where the same shall amount to 3, 000k per Annum or upwards

£. X.

20 O O

3° O O

40 O O

5° O O

I IO Q

1 IO 0

3 0 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

*0 0 0

30 0 0

4a 0 0

50 0 0

7S 0 0

ISO 0 0

IJO 0 0

4

A.D. 1803.

48° GEO. III

C. 149.

599

G RANT--continue<I.

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Yearspreceding, where practicable; and in other Cases, according to the belt Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment, shall be made to or of Two or more Persons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees, or Emoluments; the same shall be charged with a separate and distinct Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments appertaining to such Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Person, to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees, k and Emoluments appertaining to such Person, shall be in any Manner augmented; and in that Case, a Duty shall be charged, in respect of such Person, only in proposition to the Amount of the Augmentation. GRANT by Copy of Court Roll. — See Copyhold. GRANT upon the Sale of any Property, not belonging to the Crown. — See Conveyance. HERITABLE Bond. — See Bond, Mortgage. INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in and to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England

Where the same shall proceed upon a Presentation

And where it shall proceed upon the Petition of the Patron to be himself admitted and instituted 5 if the Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, shall be of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in the King's Books -Qr if the same mail be of any other Description But such Petition shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

INSTITUTION, by any Presbytery pr other competent Authority, to Ecclesiastical Benefices, in Scotland. — See Collation.

INVENTORY. — See Schedule.

LAND TAX. Instruments relating to the Redemption and Sale thereof. — See the General Exemptiont at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

£. x. d.

r.

too

20 O O IO O O

SCHEDULE, PART I.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. belonging to His Majesty, in Right of the Crown, or otherwise. — See Grant.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. not belonging to His Majesty, viz.

LEASE (or bargain and Sale) for a Year. — See Bargain and Sale.

LEASE, or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, for a Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at a yearly Rent of iol. or less, and without any Fine, or Graflum paid for the same -

LEASE, or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects for a Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years determinable with a Life or Lives, or for a Term absolute, not exceeding Forty Years, in consideration of a Fine or Gral-sum paid for the same, not exceeding Twenty Pounds;

If the Rent referred or stipulated shall not exceed Forty Shillings And if the Rent reserved or stipulated shall exceed Forty Shillings LEASE, or Tack of any Kina, not other wise charged in this Schedule

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any Lease or Tack, hereby charged with a Duty.of il. the like Duty of And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any other Lease or Tack whatsoever And where any such Lease or Tack, Counterpart, or Duplicate as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Mat- ter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed

thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro* grejfive Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

Leases or Tacts of wqfie or uncultivated Landsf to any poor or labouring Personst for any Term not exceeding three Lives, or Ninety-nine Tears, where the Fine shall not exceed Five Shillings, nor the reserved Rent One Guinea ter Annum; and the Counterparts or Duplicates of all such Leases

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier serving as a Mferine, for receiving Prize Money

Duty.

d.

o o

O o IO o IO o

O o to o

O o

' LETT E R — contin utd.

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, of any other Kind, or Commission or Fadory in the Nature thereof -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of LETTER of Licence from Creditors to a Debtor -An4 where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of LETTERS of Marque and Repri&l.-LETTERS Patent. — See Grant.

LETTER of REVERSION, in Scotland. — See Mortgage.

LICENCE for Marriage, in England, if Special -

- if not Special

LICENCE to be granted by any Archbishop, fiishop, Vicar-General, or other competent Authority, in England, for the Non-residence of any Clergyman upon his Living, pursuant to the AGl of the 43d Year of His Majesty's Reign -LICENCE of any Kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seal of any Arch-bishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court, in England; or whiqh mail be granted by any Presbytery, or other Ecclesiastical Power, in Scotland

1 o

1 10

1 o

5 0

5

o 10

o

2 O

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

o

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

Licences to Stipendiary Curates in England, wherein the Annual Amount of the Stipend shall be specified, and Licences for the lion-Ref dence of Clergymen upon their Livings, where granted on the Ground of there being no House or no Jit House of Residence thereon.

LICENCE to use and exercise the Calling or Occupation of an Appraiser

To be taken out, yearh, by every Person who shall exercise the said Calling or Occupation, or make any Appraisement or Valuation, herein-before charged with a Duty, for or

060

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 18c8.

6o*

LICENCE — continued

in expectation, of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, except licensed AuQioueere.

LICENCE to be taken but, yearly, by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, who shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money, payable to the Bearer on demand, and allowed' to be re-iSTued -, -

LICENCE to exercise the Faculty of Physick, in London, and within Seven Mues thereof. — See Admission.

LICENCE Jo aft as a Notary Publick. — See Faculty.

LICENCE to demise Copyhold Lands. — See Copy-hold.

MARRIAGE LICENCE. — See Licence. MATRICULATION in the Universities. — See Admission.

MEMORIAL, to be registered pursuant to any Act of Parliament, made or to be iqade, for the publick registering of Deeds and Conveyances, in England -

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a furtherprogrejjwe Duty of -

MEMORIAL, to be registered or inrolled pursuant to Act of Parliament, of any Deed qr Instrument, Deeds or Instruments, whereby any Annuity shall be granted or secured, in England

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of

MORTGAGE, Conditional Surrender by way of Mortgage, Further Charge, Wadset, and Heritable Bond; Disposition, Assignation, or Tack, in Security; and Eik to a Reversion; of or affecting any Lands, Estate, or Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable whatsoever

Also any Deed, containing an Obligation to infeft any Person in an Annual Rent, or m Lands or other heritable Subjects, in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, but without any personal Bond or Obligation therein contained, for Payment of the Money or Stock intended to be Secured

Also any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, in trust to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which shall be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeem*

j£-. 4/.

20 o I

o 10 o

o 10 o

100

100

i8o]B.

C. 149;

48° GEO. III.

TVIO RT GAGJL-continued.

able before the Sale or ptjier Disposal thereof, either by express Stipulation ofotherwise; except <where such Conveyance shall be made, for the Benefit of Creditors generally, or for the Benefit of Creditors spectfiedf who shall accept the Provision made for Payment of their Debts, in full Satis-.JaQion thereof or who shall exceedfive in number

Also ?my Defeazance, Letter of Reverhon, or Back Bond, for defeating or making redeemable any Conveyance, Disposition, A ing nation, or Tack, of any. Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security;

Also any Agreement, Contract, or Bond, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, Estate, or Property comprised in such Title Deeds, or for pledging or charging the fatne as a Security;

And also any Deed, whereby a Real Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or Heritable Subje# in Scotland:

Where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money, advanced or lent at the Time* or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable, l

Not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding iobl. -Exceeding iool. and pot exceeding 150L Exceeding 1501. and not exceeding 300I. -Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I. -Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool. Exceeding i, ooook and not exceeding 2, ooool. Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, 000l. Exceeding 3, ooool. and not exceeding 4, 000l. Exceeding 4, 000k and not exceeding 5, 000k Exceeding 5, ooookand not exceeding 1 o, ocok Exceeding io, ooook and not exceeding 15, 0001.

Exceeding 15, 000k and not exceeding 20, 000k -

Exceeding 20, 000k And where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced, or paid, or which may become, due upon an Account current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Case may be 5

s* dlj

05 0

I 0 0

I IO 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

10 0 0

12 0 0

*5 0 0

20 0 0

603

604

c. 149. 48° GEO. nL A.D. tfcj

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

MORTGAGE — continued. If the total Amount of the Money fe- /. L

cured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit - -But if the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum - And where the same respectively shall be made, a&a Security for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Goveruor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, in consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the Time, or previousy due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable* -, Jind where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer or Retransfer of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each. And in case the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of Separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged for and in respectc of each Separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof. And where any such Mortgage or Wadfct, or other Instrument hereby charged with the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words, 20 0 c b 1' «1, or P -. The j*£&e rJ. \ as km*«.V gage or If*Jar a $ - -.r.the Stork securrH, z -^Wgtot'.f Price the 'the Dev Datofh'K finrmrut r« of the 7>. ' ^preceding*

or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words, contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro* grejjroe Duty of MORTGAGE, &c. — Any Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, of any Mortgage or 100

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

-vl O RT GAGE — continued.

Wadset, or of any such other Security as aforesaid, or of the Benefit thereof, and of the Money or Stock thereby secured 5 — in all Cases where the Person entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, shall not be made a Party to such r Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation; and also where the Penon, who originally made the Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security, shall continue intitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the principal Money or Stock already secured

And in all other Cases, such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, shall be charged with the same Duty as an original Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security.

And where any such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words contained therein, over and above the first ic8o Words, a further progressive Duty of - PROVIDED always, that where several distinct Deeds or Instruments, falling within the Description of any of the Instruments hereby charged with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages and Wadsets, shall be made at the same Time for securing the Payment or Transfer of one and the same Sum of Money, or one and the same Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged and chargeable, only on one of such Deeds or Instruments; and all the rest shall be charged with the Duty, to which the same may be liable, under any more general Description of such Deeds or Instruments, contained in this Schedule 5 and the Commissioners of Stamps shall, if thereunto required, for the fake of Evidence, cause all the veil of such Deeds or Instruments, to be also stamped with some particular Stamp, for testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty, bn proof tp their Satisfaction, that all the said Deeds or Instruments have paid the proper Duties hereby charged thereon.

And where any Copyhold or Custoraary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, by

£. j.

1 10

1 o

d.

o

5

MO RT GAGE — continued.

£. S* dm

means of a Conditional Surrender or Grant; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the Surrender or Grant, or the Memorandum thereof, if made out of Court; or on the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender of Grant, if made in Court.

And where any Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, or charged, together with other Property, for securing one and the same Sum of Money, or one and the same Shate of any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the Deed or Instrument relating to the other Property.

£» ..

Any Deed or other Instrument, made in pursuance of and conformally to any Agreement, Contract*or Bond, hereby charged with, and which shall eSually have paid, the said act valorem Duty Any Deed or other Instrument, made for the further Assurance only, of any Estate or Property, already mortgaged, pledged or charged as a Security, by any Deed or Instrument, which shall have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on mortgages or Heritable Bonds, imposed by the Act of the 44th Year of His Majesty's Reign before-mentioned.

Any Deed or other Instrument, made as an act-

Jccured by any Deed or Instrument, which shall have paid the said act Valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages or heritable Bonds, charged by the said Act of the 44tfs Year of His Majesty's Reign, to be exempt from the said act valorem. Duty hereby charged, so far as regards such Sum or Sums of Money, or such Share or Shares of any of the said Stocks or Fun Us, before fecu red. in case such additional or further Security shall be made by the same Person or Persons who made the original Security: but if any further Sum of

a*| V 4

Stock.

A.D. 180S i

4*> GEO. III. C. 149.

607

SCHEDULE, PART I.

MORTGAGE — continued

For General Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamps Duties, fee the End, of this Part of the Schedule.

MORTGAGE, Wadset, &c. with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion, or other Matter in the same Deed; viz.

" Where any Deed or Writing shall operate as a Mortgage or other Instrument, hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mort-

figes, and also as a Conveyance of the quity or Right of Redemption or Reversion (of any Lands, Estate, or Property therein comprised, to or in trust for, or according to the Direction of a Purchaser; such Deed or Writing shall be charged, not only with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty herein-before charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property: — But where the Equity, or Right of Redemption or Reversion shall be thereby conveyed or limited, in any other Manner, such Deed or Writing shall be charged only as a Mortgage. And, in all other Cases, where a Mortgage, or other Instrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, shall be contained in one and the same Deed or Writ ing with any other Matter or Thing (except what shall he incident to such Mortgage or other Instrument) — such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the same Duties (except the progressive Duty)as such Mortgage or other Instrument, and such other Matter or Thing, would have been separately charged with, if contained in fe^arate Deeds or Writings.

And where any such Deed or Writing, as is mentioned' in the two preceding Clauses, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or, indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words, v or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro-gre/pve Duty of NOMINATION by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron, to any perpetual Curacy in England NOTARIAL ACT, any whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule

Duty."

£. s. d*

1 O Q

1 «io o 0 5 o

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

NOTARIAL ACT — continued. And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, upon which the lame shall be written, after the first, a further d.

progt-ejji'vc Duty of ORDER for the Payment of Money. — See Bill of Exchange. 0 0

PASSPORT POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Life or Lives, or upon any Event or Contingency, relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives, Where the Sum iufured shall not amount 0 v* 0

to 500I. And where it shall amount to yocl. or upwards POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other In- 0 15 O 1 IO 0

Itrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire only - -POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon atiy Ship or Vessely or upon any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or] Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or relating to 1 any Ship or Vessel, which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any Voyage from any Port or Place, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sarky or the Isle of Many to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or Islands, or Isle of Man 5 Where the Premium or Consideration for such OIO

Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Kate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; 'If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured shall\ exceed iool. then for every iocl. and also for any fractional Part of iccl. whereof the fame O .1 3

shall consist -And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on 1 the Sum insured; 0*s

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 149. 609

SCHEDULE, PART I.'Duty.

POLICY — continued. If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum t insured shall exceed % iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the fame £ / d % 0 2 6

shall consist - - -But if the separate Interesls of two or more distinct Persons shall be insured 026

by one Policy or lnftruraent, then the said Duty of is. 3d. or 23. 6d. as the Case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fractional Part of loci, as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and distinQ Interesl POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other In-(trument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Ship or Vejfd, or upon any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or, relating to any Ship or Vessel, which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any other Voyage than is herein-before specified, or for any certain Term or Period of Time, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months: Where the Premium or Consideration for such t

Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or con trailed for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of icol. whereof the fame 026

shall consist -And where the Premium or Consideration for 026

such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Kate bf Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; .'If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the fame 0 0

shall consist -But if the separate Inter efts of Two or more distinct Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty s of 2s. 6d. or 5s. as the Case may require, 48 Geo. III. Re 0 5 9

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 180£.

10

C. 149.

Duty.

POLICY — - continued. I

shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fra&ioual Part of iool. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and diJlhiB Inttrefl.

POLICY of Affuranco or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance, commonly called a Mutual Insurance, shall be made, or whereby divers Persons shall insure or agree to insure one another, without any Premium or pecuniary Consideration, from any Loss, Damage, or Misfortune that may happen of or to any Ship or Vesselt or any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel, which may lawfully be infurea:

Upon any Voyage from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey^ Jerfeji Alderney, or Sari, or the Isle of Man9 to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or Island9, or Isle of Man

For every Sum of iool. and also for each and every fra61 ional Part of iool. thereby insured to any Person or Persons Upon any other Voyage whatsoever, or for any certain Term or Period of Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months;

/ For every Sum of jo: 1. and also for each and every frational Part of iool. thereby insured to any Person or Persons POT.ICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other In-itrament, by whatever Name the same shall be calied; whereby any other lawful Insurance f <whatsoever, not herein-before charged, shall be I*made upon any Property or Interest whatever, from Loss or Damage of any Kind

Whe* the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, a6lually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum, on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed: jool. then for every iool. and also for any] fractional Part of uol. whereof the same shall consist

And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona Cdcpuid,

j£.

o

o

o

o

dm

1 f

5

1 6

2 i

C. 149f

SCHEDULE, PART I.

POLICY — contln ued.

given, or contra&rd for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty shillings per Centum, on the Sum insured; and also where the Insurance shall b«.j made for any other than a pecuniary Confident ion.

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed tool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fra&ional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

But if the separate Interesls of Two or more distinct Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty of 2s. 6d. or 5s. as the Case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and ever) fractional Part of iool. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and dlfllnS Interest.

POWER of ATTORNEY. — Sec Letter of Attorney.

PRECEPT of Clare Constat, to give Seiiin of Lands or other heritable Subjects in Scotland - v -And where the same shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro-gre/five Duty of -

PRESENTATION by His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or by any other Patron,

' To any Ecclesiastical Benefice, 'Dignity, or Promotion in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in the King's Books -

To any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever in Engthnd PROCURATION, Deed or other Instrument of -And where the same, together with any Schedule or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every

entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained < therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a furtherprogrejfroe Duty of PROMISSORY NOTE, so? the Payment, to the Bearer on demandy of any Spin of Money,

Not exceeding One Pound and One Shilling -Exceeding ll. is. and not exceeding 2l. 2s. -Exceeding 2I. 23. and not exceeding 5I. 53. -Exceeding 5I. 59. and not exceeding 20I. Exceeding 20I. and not exceeding 30I,

Duty.

£.

0 5*5

o 7

0 7

20 o

IO o

1 o

o o o o

O I Q I

0 3

d

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

t

o

6

4l2

C. 149.

8° GEO. m/

A.D. 180S«

PROMISSORY NOTE — continued.

Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50I. Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding iocl. Which laid Notes for any Sum, not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, may be re-issued, after Payment thereof, as often as shall be thought fit 5 and the said Notes for any Sum, exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings and not exceeding- iool. may be re-issued from Time to Time after Payment thereof, until the Expirtttion of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards. PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, in any other Manner than to the Bearer on demand9 of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5I. 5s. Exceeding 5I. ys. and not exceeding 30I. Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50II Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding tool.

These Notes are not to be re issued, after t being once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, either to the Bearer on demand, or in any other Manner than to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money,

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 2cot. Exceeding 200L and not exceeding 500I-Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool. Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool Exceeding 3, 000l.

These Notes are not to be re-issued, after being once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment cf any Sum of Money by Instalments, or for the Payment of several Sums of Money, at different Days or Times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid shallsbe definite and certain

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Promissory Notes, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; viz.

All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund,

which fnay or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, and if the same shall be definite and

£ % / d* 046 076

O I o

0x6

020

030

040

050 076 o 10 o 100

r'The same

as an a Prv- iwijjbry V -payable after Dale, Jvr*Sum the whole si mount uf the A/oary fr lx paid.

A.D. 1808.

48 GEO. III.

' C.i'49,

613

PROMISSORY NOTE — continued.

certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty.Pounds;

And all Receipts for Money depofked in any Bank, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, which shall contain any Agreement or Memorandum, importing that Intcreil shall be paid for the Money so aepofited.

Exemptions from the Duties on Promissory Notes. Jill Notes promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; where the same shall not be made payable to the Bearer or to Order; and also where the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall amount to Twenty Pounds, or be indefinite;

And all other Injlrismenls, bearing in any Degree the Form or Style of Promissory Notes, but which in Law shall be deemed special Agreements, except those hereby expressly directed to be deemed Promissory Notes.

But such of the Notes and Instruments here exempted from the Duty on Promissory Notes, shall nevertheless be liable to the Duty which may attach thereon, as Agreements or otherwise.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Promissory Notes for the Payment of Money, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

PROTEST of bny Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, for any Sum of Money,

Not amounting to 20I.

Amounting to 20I. and not amounting to loos. Amounting to 100L and not amounting to 500I.

Amounting to 500I. or upwards

PROTEST of any other Kind

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment, or Vellum, upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of/

PURCHASE DEED. — See Conveyance omthe Sale of Lands, &c.

REAL BURDEN on Lands in Scotland, Deed creating. — See Mortgage, Disposition.

Rt g

Duty.

£. / d

o 0 3

o o

0 5 O

o 10 o

0 5 O

S

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

6x4.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

RECEIPT or Discharge, given for or upon the Payment of Money,

Amounting to 2I. and not amounting to iol. -Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 2ol. Amounting to 20I. and not amounting to 50I. Amounting to 50I. and not amounting to iool. Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200I. Amounting to 2col. and not amounting toyool. Amounting to 500L or upwards And where any Sum of Money whatever, shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands And any Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatsoever, given to any Person for or upon the Payment of Money, whereby any Sum of Money, Debt, or Demand, or any Part of any Debt or Demand, therein speci-fiedy and amounting to Two Pounds or upwards, shall be expressed or acknowledged to have been paid, settled, balaneed, or otherwise discharged or satisfedy or which shall import or ugnify any such Acknowledgment, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed with the Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for a Sum of Moneys of equal Amount with the Sum, Debt, or Demand, so expressed or acknowledged to have been paid, settled, balaneed, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing Act, and shall be charged with a Duty accordingly.' And any Receipt or Discharge, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, given to any Person for or upon - the Payment of Money, which shall contain, import, or signify any general'Acknowledgment of any Debt, Account, Claim, or Demand, Debts,

Accounts, Chums, or Demands, whereof the Amount shall not be therein specifiedy having been paid, settled, balaneed, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be received, in fully or in discharge or Satisfaction of any such Debt, r. Account, Claim, or Demand, Debts, Accounts, Claims, or Demands, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed with the Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of 500I. or upwards^ within the Intent and Meaning'of

£.

o o o o o o o 1 o 2 o 3 o 5

o 5

t

d.

2

4

8

o

o

o

o

o

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

RECEIPT — continued.

this Schedule and of the foregoing Act; and shall be charged with the Duty of Five Shillings accordingly.

And all Receipts, Discharges, and Acknowledgments of the Description aforesaid, which shall be given for or upon Payments made by or with any Bills of Exchange, Drafts, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall be deemed and taken to be Receipts given upon the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing Act.

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Receipts. Receipts exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of the trefent Session relating to the AJfeJfedlaxess Receipts or Discharges given by the Treasurer of the Navy, for any Money impressed to or received by him, for the Service of the Navy: Receipts or Discharges given by any Agent, for Money imprested to him, on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance9Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer, Sea man, Marine, or Soldier, or their Representa-tivee respectively, for or on account of any Wages, Pay, or Pen/iont due from the Navy Office, Army Pay Office, or Ordnance Office: Receipts or Discharges given for the Consideration Money, for the Punhafe of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks. or Funds, or in the Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or South Sea Company and for any Dividend paid on any Share of the said Stocks or Funds respectively: Receipts given for Money, depqfited in the Bank of England, or in toe Bards of Scotland, Or Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Bank of the British Linen Company in Scotland, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, to he accounted for on Demand9provided the same'be not expressed to be received of, or by the Hands of, any other than the Person or Persons to whom the same is'to he accounted for.*r-But if with Interest — rSce Rromffory Note.

Receipts or Discharges written upon Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly stamped accords ing to the Laws in force, at the Date thereof} Rr4

A* s

d.

RECEIPT — continued.

pr upon ' Bills of Exchange drawn out of hut payable in Great Britain

Receipts or Discharges, given upon Bills or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England

Letters by the General Post, acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills of Exchange, Pro-mijfory Notes, or other Securities for Money

Receipts or Discharges, indorsed or otherwise written upon, or contained in9 any Bond, Mortgage, or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed, or Instrument whatever, duly fiamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof, acknowledging the Receipt of the Conf deration Money therein expressed, or the Receipt of any principal Money, Interesl9 or Annuity, thereby ftcured:

Releases or Discharges for Money, By Deeds duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof Receipts or Discharges given for Drawbacks or'Bounties, upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandise from Great Britain

Receipts or Discharges for the Return of any Duties of Customs, upon Certificates of Over Entry

Receipts, or Acknowledgements of Payment, indorsed upon any Bills, Orders, Remittance-Buis, or Remittance-Certificates, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters, and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commissioner or Com jnifftonets of the Navy, under the Authority of the A8pajfedin the 33th Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the more expeditious Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy

Receipts, or Acknowledgments of Payment, indorsed upon any Bills, drawn pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissioners of the Navy, or by the Commissioners for viSualling the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport, Service and taking Care of sick and wounded Seamen, upon and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy, '

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant, and Sta-'tute Staple, entered into as a Security, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity

d.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

RECOGNIZANCE — eon/mu*/.

or Annuities, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funcls of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Eait-India Company, or of the South-Sea Company;

Where such Payment or Transfer shall not be already secured by a Bond, or Mortgage, or by some other Instrument hereby charged with ttys same Duty as a Bond or Mortgage -

And where such Payment or Transfer shall be already secured as above mentioned RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant, and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant, Contract, or'Agreement; or for the due Execution of any Office or Trust; or for rendering a due Account of Money received or to be received; or for indemnifying any Person or Persons against any Matter or Thing -

And where any such Recognizance or Statute as aforesaid, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then -for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the tirlt 1080 Words, a further

Duty.

/. d.

C The same Duty I or Duties ta J on a Baud

] fd*en for the

like Purpose

L vl England.

i o O

1 ©

progresswe Duty of REGISTER, or Entry of the Degree of a Barrister at Law, taken in either of the Inns of Court in England. — See Admission.

REGISTER or Entry of Degrees taken in the Universities of Great Britain. — See Admission. RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance.

RELEASE and Renunciation of Lands or other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, or Interest therein; any Deed or Instrument of, net otherwise charged in this Sc he-duley nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2i6oWordB or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained thereiu, over and above the iiril fo8o Words, a further progrtjji've Duty of RENUNCIATION upon the Sale of any Property. — See Conveyance. RENUNCIATION of any Right or Interest in any Property, other wise than upon a Sale. — See Release.

100

1 10 c

100

6i8

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

RESIGNATION; principal or original Instrument of Resignation or Scrrice or Cognition of Heirs, or Charter, or Seisin, of any Houses, Lands, or other heritable Subjects, in Scotland, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure RESIGNATION. — Instrument of Resignation of any Lands or other heritable Subjects, in Scotland, not of Burgage Tenure And where any of the said Instruments shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first io8: >. Words, a further progrejive Duty of REVOCATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estate or Property, real or personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed. — See Deed. SQHEDULE, Inventory, or Catalogue, of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, or of any Furniture, Fixtures, or other Goods or*Etfedts; or containing the Terms and Conditions of any propbfed Sale, Lease, or Tack, or the Conditions and Regulations for the Cultivation or Management of any Farm, Lands, or other Property leased or agreed to be leased; or containing any other Matter or Matters of Contract or Stipulation whatsoever 5 whichshallbe referred to in or by, and be intended to be used or given in Evidence as Part of, or as material to, any Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Instrument, charged with any Duty in this Schedule, but which shall be separate and diflinS from, and not indorsed on or annexed to, such Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Instrument

And if the same shall contain more than 1 c8o Words, then for every further entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrfftve Duty of -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

1.Printed Proposals % published by any Corporation

or Company, respecting Infur antes, and which shall be referred to, in or by any Policy or In

JC* dm

0 7

07*

070

KO S

1 o

I o

IOO

I

i

SC H EDULE — -continued.

Jlrvment of hftranco, issued by such Corporation or Company.

SEISIN. — Instrument of Seisin, given upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Con flat, or Precept from Chancery, or upon $my Wadset, heritable Bond, Disposition, Apprising, Adjudication, or otherwise, of any Lands or heritable Subjedb in Scotlandnot of Burgage Tenure

And where the same shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of SPECIFICATION, to be inrolled or recorded, of any Discovery or Invention^ for which a Patent shall be obtained '

And where the same shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first ic8j Words, a further progressive Duty of -

SURRENDER upon the Sale of Lands or other Property. — See Conveyance.*SURRENDER (1not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty) of any Term or Terms of Years, or of any freehold or uncertain Interest, in any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, not being of copyhold or customary Tenure And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2163 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words con taiued therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of SURRENDER of Copyhofd Lands or Ten* ments. — See Copyhold and Mortgage. TACK of Lands, &c. in Scotland, belonging to the Crown. — See Grant.

TACK of Lands, &c. in Scotland, not belonging to the Crown. — See Lease.

TACK in Security — See Mortgage. TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to the Degree of a Bachelor of Arts, in either of the Universities in England -TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to any other Degree, in either of the said Universities -

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise

£. d.

07

070

500

I Q O

1 10 o

I O ©

300

10 o o

© 7 9

TRANSFER — continued.

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the East India Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise -

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company, or Society whatever, upon the Sale thereof, or by way jof Mortgage or Security. —; See Conveyance. — Mortgage.

TRANSFER of any Share or Shaves in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company, or Society whatever, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage9 or of Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property -

TRANSFER upon the Sale of any other Property. — See Conveyance.

TRANSFER of Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security. — See Mortgage.

WADSET — See Mortgage.

WARRANT or ORDER beneficial, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, except where the same shall be for the Service of the Navy, Army, or Ordnance And where the same shall be for the Service of the Navy, Army, or Ordnance And where several Persons shall be separately and distinctly (and not jointly) benefited by one Warrant, the proper Duty shall be charged in rcf]j>e& of each such Person.

£.

x 10

1 10

1 10 O 12

d.

o

6

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP DUTIES.

All Bonds, Contracts, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments, whatever, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the Act of the 17th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 5 3. or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for promoting the Rtfuknce of the Parochial Clergy, by making p*ovijion far building, repairing, or purchasing Hoafes and other Buildings, for v the Use of their Benefices.

All Affidavits, Cent rads, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Jn/lruments whatever, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the Act of the Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 116. or any ether Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

All Transfers of Shares in the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds.

All Grants, Leases, and other Conveyances and Instruments, exempted from Stamp Duty by an Act of the present Srfjton to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown,

1 .«A.D. 1808« 48° GEO. III..C4L49.

7 SCHEDULE; — PART THE SECOND.

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to be paid and payable for and in respect of every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the several Instruments, Matters, and Things,

' herein charged, shall be respectively written or printed; except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained, or are expressly charged in any other Manner.

And all the Instruments, Matters, and Tilings, herein charged with a Duty, in respect of every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the same shall be written or printed, shall respectively be written or printed, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and in such and the _ same Manner and Form, as the like Instruments, Matters, or Things, have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed.

And where a Court of Law or Equity is mentioned generally, the same shall be taken to mean, not only the Courts at Westminster, but also the several Courts of Law or Equity of the Great Sessions in Wales, artd in the Counties Palatine of defier, Lancaster, and Durham, or elsewhere in England.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the High Court of Admiralty; and in the Courts of the Cinque Ports, exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction; the High Court of Appeals in Prize Causes; and the High Court of Delegates, in Admiralty Matters, in England*

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in any of the said Courts

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or frdm any interlocutory Decree or Order of any of the said Courts -

ATTACHMENT issuing out of any of the said Courts -

BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the iAme CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts -COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts COPY (i. r. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read, or used, in any of the said Courts COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Citation, Monition, or Warrant issued out of any of thesaidACourtt

2

Duty.

j. d.

O 5 0

0 S 0

O 5 0.

*5 0 0

I IQ 4o

I O 0

I O 0.

O 5 0

O 5 Q

Q i O

SCHEDULE, PART II.

Duty.

COPY — continued.

COPY ft. e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositiorfs, or Inventory, filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts COPY (t. c. Office Copy) of any interlocutory De- cree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, made in any of the said Courts DECREE, or Order interlocutory, made in any of the said Courts -

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein -

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any^of the said Courts -

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts -RECOGNIZANCE. — See Bail Bond. RELAXATION of any Attachment or Inhibition issued ont of any of the said Courts SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts -

WARRANT issuing out of any of the said Courts -WA R RANT, Mandate, or Authority, given to any Proctor, to commence, carry on, or defend any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, in any of the said Courts; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record

o

o

X

0

3

1

o

o

0

X

I I

1

o

o

X.

5

5

o

5

o

o

5

S

5

o

xo

16

15

S

d.

6

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

II. PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court of Dele* gates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in England* AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in any of the said Courts

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any interlocutory Decree or Order, of the Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court of Canterbury or York CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts -COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts COPY (i. r. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed,read, or used in any of the said Courts -

COPY (i.*. Office Copy) of any Citation or Moni-h lion issued out of any of the said Courts -

o y <y 050 050

15 o o 050 050

050

I

050

Duty.

COPY — continued.

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositions, or Inventory, filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, of any of the said Courts -, -DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts -

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the fanje -

EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein -

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MONITION iffiiing out of any of the said Court9 -SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Proctor, to commence, cany on, or defend any Suit or Prosecution, in any of the said Courts, for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record -

£. j.

° 5

o 5 o 5 o S

o

° 5

° 5

o S

o 5

° 5

° 5

d.

o

o

o.o

o

o

o

o o ( o

Q

9

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity at Westminster^ including the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, and in other Courts in England, and the Offices belonging thereto, and also before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, and out of which no Writs, Process, or Mandates issue, in the first In fiance $ — for the Entry of every Action or Plaint, except where the Debt or*Damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to Forty Shillings -

AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read, or used, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at WestmmJfer, I

6 2 6

AF FI DA VII — continued.

or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham; or before any Judge or Matter, or other Officer of any of the said Courts; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read, or used, in any other Court of Law or Equity, in England, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded, shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings ANSWER in any Court of Equity APPEARANCE filed or entered in any Action at Law, wherein no Bail shall be filed or put in ASSIGNMENT of a Bail Bond BAIL Common, to be filed in any Court of Law -BAIL Special, to be filed in iny Court of Law BAIL BOND in any Action, in any Court of Law BANKRUPT'S Certificate; — the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal -

BILL filed in any Court of Equity CERTIFICATE by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of die Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, of any Default of any Person, in any Suit, or Proceeding before them COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out of any Cofirt of Law or Equity COMMISSION of Bankrupt COMMISSION of Lunacy

COMMISSION out* of any Court of Law or Equity, for the Examination of Witnesses, or taking Depositions -

COMMISSION of any other Kind, out of any Court of Law or Equity -

COPY (i.'r. Office Copy) of any Affidavit, filed, read, or used, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine; or before any Judge or Mailer, or other Officer of any of the said Courts; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy -

COPY (ue. Office Copy) of any Affidavit, filed, read, or used, in any other Court of Law or Equity, except in Actions or Suits, where the

COPY — continued.

Debt or Danube, or Thing claimed and demanded shall be under the Amo ant or Value of Forty Shillings -

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Exceptions, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, or other Pleacting, or of any Interrogatories, or Depositions, taken by Commission or otherwise, in any Court of Equity;

Where any such Copy shall be written wide, according to the Usage and Practice of the Court, and not contain more than 90 Words in a Sheet, one with another, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written And whore any ftfch Copy shall be written close Copy-wife, according to the Usage and Practice of the Court, or in any other Manner than above-mentioned, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written COPY of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of Interrogatories and the Depositions or Answers thereto, in any Court of Law, containing not more than 72 Words in a Sheet, one Sheet with another COPY (i.e. Office Copy) of any Rule or Order, mack or given in or by any Court of Law at Westminster, or by any Judge of any such Court COPY (i. Office Copy) of any Decree, Di! million, or Order, made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster, or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy -

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any such Copy shall be written, after the first, a further frogreflive Duty of COPY It. Cm Office Copy) of any Decree, Dismission, or Order, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at Westminster 5 or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Walts, or of the said Counties Palatine -

COPY (I. cm Office Copy) or Extract of any Record, Report, or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, not otherwise charged in this Schedule DECLARATION in any Court of Law*-

Duty.

A 9m d.

o i K

004

o 2 4

t

004

004

O 1 4

o s

o i 6

o a 6

0*0

o p 4

Geo. III. S f

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminstc*.-

And for every Sheet or riece of Paper, on which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of DECREE or Dismission, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at fPestminster9 or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or in or by any other Court of Equity whatsoever DEMURRER in any Court of Law DEMURRER in any Court of Equity DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commission out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper

Drafts thereof before the same. are engrossed) DEPOSITIONS in any Court of Equity, taken by the Examiner, or other proper Officer, and

not vby Commission ... DEPOSITIONS or Answert to any Interrogatories

in any Court of Law

EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, or in anjAMatter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal charged in the First Part of this Schedule) -

GRANT of the Custody of the Person Dr Ettate of any Lunatick INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for-each Part or Indenture INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner, in ? any Action at Law -

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity.

or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy JUDGMENT (not interlocutory) signed by the Matter of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothouotary, or his Se condary, Deputy, or Clerk, or by any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at West-jpiidlcr9 who is or shall be authorised to sign Judgments

ORDER made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster; or by the Lord High Chancellor,

sor the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the1 Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or

X-unacy'

£ Mm dm

0 3 0

0x6

026

004

050

050

004

004

050

300 200 o 10 o

o 10 o 050

050

o 10 o

030

O RD E R — continued.

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the lame shall be written, after the first, a further frogresstvc Duty of ORDER made or given in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at Westminster, or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessiona in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine ORDER made or given by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Westminster

Except such as shall be made on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor $ and except all Orders for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiff's Demand, or for flaying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Costs; and all Orders for Time to pleads reply, or rejoin, after the jirjl Order for that Purpose.

PETITION in any Suit or Matter in any of the Courts of Equity at Westminster; and Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper of Commissioners of the Great Seal, in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy PLEA in any Court of Law -

PLEA in any Court of Equity PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Law not otherwise charged in this Schedule*PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity not other wise charged in this Schedule

POSTEA' -

RECORD of Nisi Prius REJOINDER in any Court of Law REJOINDER in any Court of Equity REPLICATION in any Court of Law REPLICATION in any Court of Equity REPORT made by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy RULE or Order, made or given in or by any of the Courts of Law at Westminster, which shall be issued or delivered out, by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, to the Party obtaining it And for the Entry of every such Rule or Order, in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rul£s, or other Officer for that Pur-

pole, whether written on one or more Sheets^or Leaves -

RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of the said Courts of Law at Westminster, Sf 2

A / d % 016

026

026

026

004

050

o 04

0 5

o 16

o 10 o o O 5 o o 0 5

Q,

o

o

4

o

'i

0 2 6

2 6

0 2 6

I

SCHEDULE, PART II.

Duty.

RULESw^fon/iflMff/.

not issued as above mentioned, but which shall be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer for that Purpose; for {he Ejntry of every such Rule'SUMMONS issued by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Westminster

o

o

2

1

<L

6

o

1

Except such as shall he issued on the Application of any Prisoner or insolvent Debtor; and except allx Summonses for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiffs Demand, or for saying Proceedings oh Payment cf Debt and Cofit; and all Summonses for Time to plead, reply, or rejoin, after the first Summons for that Purpose.

WARRANT, Mandate, or Authority, given to any Attorney or Solicitor, to commence, carry on, or defend any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, in any of the Courts at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or in any other Court whatsoever, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage - amounts to Forty Shillings; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or died of Record -

WARRANT or Summons, issued by any Mailer of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy WARRANT of Attorney WRIT of Appeal WRIT of Certiorari -.WRIT of Coveifent for levying a Fine '

WRIT of Eittry for suffering a Common Recovery -WRIT of Error '

WRIT of Supersedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt WRIT, Mandate, or other Process whatsoever, not Otherauiji charged in this Schedule, which shall (flue out of, or pass the Seal of, any of the Courts at Westminfitir, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or of any other Court in England, holding Pleas whe're the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings, except in Actions or Suits where the Debt, Damage, or Thing claimed ot demanded (half be under the Amount or Value of Forty /, Shillings --

o SO

010

100

100

100

200

200

100

026

o 5 9

IV. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts in

Scotland

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in the Court of Exchequer -

DEPOSITION taken in the said Court, or by Commission from the same DEPOSITION or Depositions, taken by Commission or otherwise, in any Cause or Suit before the Court of Session, or the Commission of Teinds, or the Commifiary Court at Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court -

£* u dm

oao

0 2 0

V

0 2 0

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties

Depositions taken in any Cause or Suit before any of the said Courts, which shall be injfified in, at the Infiance of the publick Prosecutor, for the publish Interest, or where the publish Revenue is concerned

Depositions taken in any' Cause or Suit before any inferior Court, where the Sum or Subject concluded for shall be under the Value of 5/. Sterling, exclusive of Cojls.

(SyMMONS, Warrant, Precept, Summary Petition, Complaint, or, other original Application, in whatever Form, issuing from or out of, or pne* fented to, the Court of Session, or Commission of Teinds, or the Court of Exchequer, or High Court of Admiralty; except where the Suit shall be.instituted, by or at the Infiance of the publish Prosecutor, for the publish Interefi, or where the pubtich Revenue is concerned SUMMONS, Warrant, Precept, Edict, Summary Petition, Complaint, or other original Application, in whatever Form, issuing from or out of, or presented to, any Court in Scotland (other than the said Courts of Session, Commission of Teinds, Exchequer, and High Court of Admiralty, and the Court of Justiciary ), where the Matter in Dispute shall exceed the Amount or Value of Five Pounds; (except as in the last Article) -

WARRANT, Mandate, or Authority given to any Solicitor, Attorney, Agent, or Procurator, to commence, carry on, or defend any Action, Suit, »or Prosecutioty in any Court in Scotlands for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record -

Sf3

040

o o

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties, applicable to England as well as Scotland*

Warrants, Mandates, or Authorities, to commence, carry on, or defend any AHions, Suits, or Prof editions, in any Court whatever, where the Debt, Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded shall not amount to or be of the Value of Forty Shillings.

Warrants, Mandates, or Authorities, to commence, carry on, or defend any Prosecutions or Proceedings upon IndiQments, or upon any Information, Suit Writ, or Process, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs ©rv Successors, or at the Infance of the Attorney General, Lord Advocate of Scotland, or other Officer legally authorised to prosecute or sue in the Name or for the Interest of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

Rut these Exemptions are not to extend to In< formations in the Nature of Quo Warranto, fled by His Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench; nor to Informations in Courts of Equity, at the Relation of private Persons; nor to Informations, where any other Person than His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be entitled to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Share thereof

All Proceedings for or on the Behalf of any Person legally admitted to sue or defend m formd pauperis / and all Proceedings of Courts Martial; and all Orders, Decrees, and Pro-&edings, of or before any Commissioners of Sewers, and of or in the Stannary Courts in England*

All Summonses, Attachments, Executions, and other Proceedings, in or iffiiing out of any of the Courts, eflabtished for the Recovery c Debts not exceeding Five Pounds> commonly fulled Courts rf Reques,

d.

SCHEDULE; — PART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on CONFIRMATIONS of Testaments, testamentary and dative; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Commissary Courts in Scotland; and on LEGACIES out of real or personal) heritable or move* able Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to personal or moveable Estates upon Inteftacy.

PROBATE of a Will, or Letters of ADMINISTRATION, to be granted in England;

CONFIRMATION of any Testament testamentary Qr dative, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any Commissary Court in Scotland, after the ictn day of October 1808, where the Deceased shall have died, before or upon that Day, and Tub-sequent to the 10th Day of 0Sober 1804;

INVENTORY to be exhibited and recorded, in any CommifTaiy Court in Scotland, of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, who shall have died after the 10th Day of October 1808

Where the Estate and Effects, for or in respect of which, such Probate, Letters of Administration, Confirmation, or Eik, respectively, shall be granted or expected, or whereof such Inventory shall be exhibited find recorded, exclusive of yrhat the Deceased shall have been fojfejfed of or intitled to$ at <z Trustee for any other Person or Persont % and not beneficially y shall be

above the Value of 20I. and under the Value of ioolt of the Value of tool, and under the Value of 200I.

of the Value of 200I. and under the Value of 30CI.

of the Value of 300I. and under the Value of 450I.

of the Value of 450I. and under the Value of 600I.

of the Value of 6ool. and under the Value of 8ool.

of the Value of 8ocl. and under the Value of i, ooool.

of the Value of i, ooool. and under the Value of 1, 500b of the Value of l, 5ocl. and under the Value of 2, ooooL of the Value of 2, ooool. and under the Value of 3, 5001.

Duty.

£ r.

0 10 Q

2 0 0

s 0 0

8 0 0

11 0 0

15 0 0

22 0 0

30 0 0

V> 0 0

SO 0 0

INVENTORY — coninued.'

of the Value of 3, 500!. and under the Value of 5, 00cL of the Value of 5, ooool. and under the Value of 7, 500!. of the Valu* of 7, 50c!. and under the Value of 10, 000l. of the Value of 10, 000l. and under the Value of 12, cool, of the Value of 12, 5001. and under the Value of 15, 0001. of the Value of ic, ooool. and under the Value of 17, 500!. of the Value of 17, 5001. and under the Value of 20, 0001. of the Value of 20, 00c 1. and under the Value of 25, 0001. of the Value of 25, 000l. and under the Value of 30, 000l. of the Value of 30, 0001. and under the Value of 35, 0001. of the Value of 35, 0001. and under the Value of 40, 000l. of the Value of 40, 000l. and under the Value o{ 45, ooool. of the Value of 45, 0001. and under the Value of 50, 0001. of the Value of 50, 0001. and under the Value of 6o, ooooL " of the Value of 6o, ooool. and under the Value of 70, 000l. of the Value of 70, 0001. and under the Value of 80, 000l.'-

of the Value of 8o, ooooU and under the Value of 90, 000l. of the Value of 90, 0001. and under the Value of ioo, ooool. of the Value of ioo; ocol. and under the Value of 125, 000l.

of the Value of 125, 000l. and under the

Value of 150, 0001. of the Value of 150, 0001, and under the Value of 175, 000l. of the Value of 175, 000!, and under the Value of aoo, ooool. of the Value of 2oo, ooool. and under the Value of 250, 000l.

of the Value of 250, 0001. and under the Value of 300, 0001. of the Value of 300, 0001. and under the Value of 350, 000l.

£. x.d. i

60 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

ZIO 0 0

T3S 0 0

160 0 0

85 0 0

2io 0 0

260 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

55° 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

1, 200 0 0

1, 400 0

1, 600 0 0

2, 000 0 0

0 0

3, 000 0 0

O Q

SCHEDULE, PART III.

INVENTORY — continued*

of the Value of 350, 000!, and under the Value of 4oo, oocL of the Value of 400, 000l. and under the Value of 5oo, oocl. of the Value of 500, cool, or upwards -

Duty. £. j.

4.000 o

5.000 o

6.000 o

4.

o

o

0

Exemptions,

Letters of Administration, Probate of JVill, Con-frmotion of Testament and Eih thereto, and Inventory of the Effeffs, of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be fain or die in the Service of His Majesty % His Heirs or Successors.

LEGACIES, and SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estate upon Inteftacy.

I. Where the Testator, Testatrix, or Intestate died before or upon the $th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, specJHc or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20L or upwards, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, of any Person, who died before or upon the 5th Day of April; 1805, out of his or h?r Personal or Moveable Estate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied, or discharged, after the 10th Day of October 1808

Also for the dear Residue (when devolving to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal or Moveable Estate of any Person who died before or upon the cth Day of April i8cj (after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and Other Charges first payable thereout) whether the Title to such Residue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon a partial or total'Inteftacy 5 where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall be of the Amount or Value of 2ol. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained* fttisfied, or discharged, after the 10th Day of October 1808: Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have 'devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a Duty at aufi after the Rate of Two Pounds and

1 .*

34 C.I49'

48° GEO. III. A.D. 180S.

SCHEDULE, PART III. LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS — continvJ.

Duty.

£. x.

Ten Shillings per Centum, on the Amount or Value ^hereof \

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, ihsdl have been given, or hate devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Dc-ceasedy or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased y a Duty at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the iJeceasedy or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds for Centum on the Amount or Value thereof And where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given* or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any other Degree of collateral Con-sanguinity to the Deceased than is above de* feribed, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum on the Amount or, Value thereof

per Cent 2 10 O

per Cent

4 o a

per Cents

5 o a

per Cent. 80a

11. Where the TeJlatort Testatrix, or Intejlate fall have died afer the $th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20I. or upwards, given by any Will or Testamentary In llrument, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805, either out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, or out of or charged upon his or her Real or Heritable Ellate, or out of.any Monies to arise by the Sale, Mortgage, or other Disposition of his or her Real or Heritable Estate, or any Part thereof, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied, or discharged after the 10th Day of 0 Sober 1808;

Also, for the clear Residue (when devolving to one Person) and for every Share of the dear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal of Movable Estate,

LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS — toii/iW

of any Person, who shall have died after the cth Day of April 1805 (after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first payable thereout), whether the Title to such Residue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any tedamentary Dif-position, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy; where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall be of the Amount or Value of 20I. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied, or discharged after the 10th Day of 0Sober 1808

And also for the clear Residue (when given to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when given to Two or more Persons) of the Monies to arise' from the Sale, Mortgage, or other Disposition, of any Real or Heritable Eft ate, directed to be sold, mortgaged, or otherwise disposed of, by any Will or Te{lamentary Instrument, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of Apnl 1805 (after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges first made payable thereout, if any) where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall amount to ?ol. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, retained, or discharged after the 10th Day of 0Sober 1808

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, mall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceascdy or any Descendant of a Child of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of One Pound per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof'- -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceasedy or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof Where any such Legacy*or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceasedy or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Df-ceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value (hereof

per Cent* too

per Cent* 2 10 o

per Cent. 400

C. 149, 150.

48° GEO. III.

AJ3. 1808;

6&

SCHEDULE, PART III.

LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS-rwrf/W. Where any such Legacy Or Residue, or any Share or such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grand- mother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof And where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been giveti, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any other Degree of collateral Con-sanguinity to the Deceased9 than as above de- fenbed, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof And all Gifts of Annuities, or by way of Annuity, or of any other partial Benefit qr Interest, out of any such Estate or Effects as aforesaid, shall be deemed Legacies within the Intent and Moaning of this Schedule

Duty.

a, drn

P*r Gentm 5 0 0

Per Cent, IO Q Q

Exemptions,

fegactei, and Refiducs, or Shares of Refidut, of any such Estate or Effects as aforesaid\ given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the flvjband or Wife of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family,

And ail Legacies, which were exempted from Duty, by the AS passed in the 39th Year of His ma jcftf* Reign, f. 73. for exempting certain specifc Legacies*givsn to Bodies Corporate or other fuftici Bodies, from the Payment of Duty.

CAP. CL.

fSW rftdp.ll). mrthis Srjum Jar England

An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restricti ons, for the Defence of the Realm.

[4th July 1808 ]

H A permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled in " Scotland. §1. Not to exceed, including Volunteers, Six Times u the original Quota of Militia under 42 G. 3. r. 91. — §2. Defi-" ciencies in effective Volunteers shall be supplied by additional Local " Militia Men. §3. On receiving Order to ballot Men, Lord Lieu-" tenant, &c. shall appoint General and Subdivision Meetings. §4. u His Majesty may order Counties to be divided wherein more than " One Regiment is to be riiifed. § C. Powers of Militia Acts to ex-<* tend to this Act. Two Deputy Lieutenants, qr One and a Justice,

6 €4 may

A.D. 1806.

*37

48° GKO, III. C. 156.

may aft. 6. Ballot shall be out of Person* between 18 and $0 Years of Age, returned in Militia Lids. §7. Penalty on Persont "< neglecting to appeal, 5/. to 2ar. &c. $ 8. Constables shall be above* 30 Years old. §9. Exemption for Persons unable to serve from Illness or bodily Infirmity. $10. Exemption for Miniders, Medical M Men, ' &c. $ 1 r.

[The Words of Exemption for Mmifiett, are

Licenced Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation, 8cc. See 48 Cr. 3* r. iii. §12.] — Period of Exemption for Persons having M served in Militia, dec. $ 12. Certain Persons exempted from serving in the Militia, liable to serve in the Local Militia. §13. Apprentices ballotted shall not enlid in the Army, &c. without Mader's " Consent. Service under this Act shall not affect Contrafts of Ser- vice. §14. Oath of Persons ballotted. §15. Fine on Persons^ballotted not appearing to be enrolled. §16. Persons imprisoned for Non-payment of Fines shall serve when released. §17. De- claratiorf or Certificate of Persons claiming Exemption upon* Payment of so/, or 10/., §18. Persons engaging to serve in any Volunteer Corps at their own Expence, shall have Half of their Fines remitted. §19. Days of Attendance of Volunteers shall be specified 41 in Certificates. $ 20."

XXI. And whereas Doubts have been entertained with regard to No Volunteer er the Meaning of certain Clauses in the Acts relating to the Volunteers Veonwn

and Militia of Scotland; be it therefore enacted and declared, That no Volunteer or Yeoman shall, from and after the passing of this Act SaorLncai mT be entitled to Exemption from serving in the Militia of Scotland, or Utin, unless rain the Local Militia to be raised under this Act, unless such Volunteer cludedtn Return or Yeoman shall have been included in the Return made pursuant to an G- Act relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers, passed in the Forty-fourth c*k4m Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in April9 Augu/l9 or December respectively, next preceding the Ballot at which such Volunteer or Yeoman shall have been ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland» /

or in the said-Local Militia.*

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Commanding Officer of every Dates of fab

Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers shall, in the Certificate granted Renin* fall U by him, specify the Date of such Return preceding the Ballot. specifiwf.

Declaration of Persons claiming Exemption upon Payment of Fines,

44 &c. that they have not insured. .§ 23. Exemption for Quakers, &c.

who shall pay a Proposition of Fines. §24. Where Volunteers shall enrol themselves Ballot shall not take place. §25. Benefits of Friendly Societies not forfeited by Service under this Act. §26.

Bounty of Two Guineas, to Persons voluntarily enrolling. $ 27.

Subdivision Clerks may* be ordered to pay Bounties, and shall 41 transmit Account thereof to Secretary at War, §28. Or on Certificate of Deputy Lieutenant may draw on Payihafter Gene- ral. §29. Deduction of Bounty from Men eniiding into the Army,

M &c. §30. Volunteers may transfer themselven, with the Approba.

tion of His Majesty, to Local Militia. $31. Volunteer Yeomanry or Artillery may transfer themselves, to Local Militia. §32. De- claration of Volunteers, &c. so transferring themselves, that they have not had anymore than the allowed Bounty, §33. Allow.

ances on Men assembling for Exercise, &c. §34. Local Militia entitled to the same Exemptions as Volunteers, ' 8cc. §35. " Nof Person ballotted shall be allowed to find a Substitute#-or be entitled

" to

<3! C. 150. 48° GEO. III.

u to Bounty* § % 6» Penalty for insuring against Fines, &c. §37*

1 " How Local Militia shall be formed and officered. i 38. Rank in

" Local Militia of Officers who have served in Regular Militia,

u &c. $ 39. Rank of Officers of Volunteer Corps transferred to

u Local Militia. §40* His Majesty may put Local Militia under the* Command of General Officers. §41. And may order it to be called out' yearly to be trained, for 28 Days. §42. Men may " remove from one to another County Militia, upon Notice. §43.*u In case of Invasion, &c, His Majesty may order the Local Militia u to be embodied and marched to any Part of Great Britain. $ 44.

Lord Lieutenant, See. may call out the Local Militia for the Sup*

" pression of Riots, See. §45. Local Militia assembled in Time of " War, subject to the Mutiny Ad. §46. Local Militia entitled to u the same Pay, &c. as the Regular Militia. §47. Wives and " Families of Local Militia Men entitled to the same Relief as those 4i of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps under G. 3. c. 54. -§ 48. u Local Militia Men may tenlift in Army, Navy, See. §49. No " Suspension in Ballot for Vacancies in Local Militia. §50. Counties,

" See. subject to a Fine of 15/. for each Man deficient. $ 51. Return M of Part of Fines for Men enrolled within certain Periods. §52."

GorauiAants

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commandant of any of LocalMiiiu* such Local Militia shall, within Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth tmfmittoLieu- ^aY February in every Year, transmit to the Lieutenant or De-tenam, &r.*Cer- Puty Lieutenant of the County or Stewartry within which such tificate of Dt- Local Militia shall have been raised, a Certificate of the Deficiencies ficreocWs, to be or Vacancies in such Local Militia; and such Lieutenant or Deputy co tho Lieutenants shall within Ten Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, and within Ten Days after any Fine shall have, been incurred as

aforesaid, transmit to the Clerk of Supply of such County or Stewartry, a Certificate of the Deficiencies or Vacancies in such Local Militia, and of the Fines respectively incurred by any County or Stewartry as aforesaid.

CommKnonerB LI V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of Supply shall of every such County or Stewartry shall, on or before the First Day of

maken Affeif- ajter t|ie Receipt of such Certificate, make an Assessment upon

oTfIbw for Dc^ each Parish or Place from which any such Deficiency or Vacancy ficiences. ought to have been supplied, for the Amount of each Fine incurred

feir each Man which ought to have been supplied by such Parish or Place, in the Manner in which such Commissioners of Supply are directed to make Assessments for the Relief of Families of Militia Men, by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Where Afielf-

LV. And be it enacted, That in every Case where any speh mem shall not be Assessment shall not be made by such Commissioners of Supply^ then So^i shall m- Supply of such County or Stewartry shall and he is

tifyfemc to the hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Meeting at which King's Attorney such Affi-uinent ought to have been made, to certify the lame to His in Exchequer in Majesty's Attorney' in Exchequer in Scotland, and the Names of such Scotland, who Commissioners as shall have beer, present at such Meeting by whom

Afferent ^ucn AssessnUT.t ought to have been made; and His Majest y's Attorney

in Exchequer is hereby required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, fortjiw ith to proceed by all such legal Means as shall be isoft effectual and expeditious, to compel such Commissioners to pay due Obedience

*7 to

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO; III. C. 150. 639

to this Act, and to cause such Assessment to be made, and the Money Taised, collected, and paid.

LVI. And be it enacted, That in case any CoUfeftorof the Land Penalty on Col-Tax shall refuse or neglect to levy any such Assessment for and during*

the Space of Twenty Days after the same shall have been made, IDg every such Collector mall forfeit a Sum equal to Double the Amount of such Assessment.

All Penalties shall be paid into Bank of England, to the Account of the Paymaster General out of which Bounties shall be paid. $ 57."

LYUL And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall' If the feoonty be kept of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, remitted to the Bank exceed the of England for each County and Stewartry respectively, and also of 1tta'Sefi-

the Bounties paid to Persons who shall voluntarily enrol themselves to cici^serve in the Local Militia under this Act in each County and 'maclegodbydfee Stewartry, and Parish thereof; and if the Sum of Money advanced County. under this Act, for Payment of- any Bounties in any County or Stewartry, shall exceed the Amount of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures paid into the Bank, in respect of such County or Stewartry, the Amount of such Deficiency shall be paid and made good by such County or Stewartry, or the Parishes thereof respectively; and for the Purpose of obtaining Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Paymaster General to transmh an Account of the said Fines,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Bounties, shewing the Amount of such Deficiency, to the Clerk of Supply of the said County or Stewartry; and the Commissioners of Supply of every such County or Stewartry, shall, on or before the First Day of May, after the Receipt of such -Account, make an Assessment upon each Parish, corresponding and in proposition to the Number of Men in each Parish to whom such Bounty shall have been paid, upon their having voluntarily enrolled themselves to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, in the Manner in which such Commissioners of Supply are directed to make Assessments for the Relief of the Wives and Families of Militia Men* by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present 43 G. 3. c. 89. Majesty.-

" Subdivision Clerks shall not retain Money. §59. Subdivision " Clerks shall keep Account of Fioes, See. and transmit the same to u the Secretary at War. §60. And also Accounts of Money re-

mitted to the Bank on Oath. §61. And also Estimates of Sums 'c requisite for Payment of Penalties remitted, and Account of Payments thereof upon Oath. §62. Bond of Subdivision Clerks. §63.

Fines shall be applied under Order of Secretary of State. $ 64.

Part of Penalties to Informer. §65. Two Justices may hear and " determine Offences, and give Judgment for Penalties, Sec. 4 upon* due Proof according to the Law of Scotland.9 — Appeal to Sef- lions. §66. Penalty on Witnesses not attending. §64."

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before Form of Couvw-whom any - Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall ca(ife the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutaiis mutandis;

(that is to say)

DE k remembered. That on the Day of

' in the Year of our Lord'in the County

1 of A.B. of was convicted before

'*us,

A.D. 1808.

JUspecting Pel* Rgjrriwcd. 47 G. a. a. J. 4-7.

J/m'« of Session Hall Hi iu Tuo Divisiom.

C. 150, 151. 48° GEO. III.

us, C. 2>. and E. F. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was

committed, for that the said A.B. on the Day of

'*now la 11 pad, did, in contravention of an Act passed in the Forty; eighth Year1 of His present Majesty, [here state tbs Offence against the A3l and we do find that the said A.B. hath for-

felted the Sum of and decern him to make

4 Payment thereof.1

Persons balloted under 43 G. 3. r. 83. may find Substitutes, &c.

44 of fervingin Militia under 47 G. 3. Sejf. 2. c. 71. shall be entitled to their Bifcharge; and Persons having found Substitutes or paid Fines under both Acts, shall have a Return of their Money paid under 47 G. 3. §69. Penalty of Perjury or false Oath, §70."

LXXI. And be it further enacted, in addition to what is provided by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relative to the Militia, intituled An Act for the JpceJtly completing the Militia of Great Britain, and isscreasing the same, under certain Limitations- and ReflriBions, That if any Period shall conceive himself to be aggrieved by the Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy Lieutenant or Junice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, in the Execution of this Act, or in the Execution of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of Scotland, it shall not be competent to fill Execution or Procedure upon any such Sentence, Warrant, or Order; and that if any Person shall attempt to do so by Bill of Suspension or otherwise, the same shall be difintfled as incom- 1 petent, and such Person shall be subjected in full Expences.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session."

£The Schedules annexed to the A3, and all the Clauses abort abridged, are preciftly ftm'tlar, mutatis mutandis, to those contain I in the A3 48 G. 3. c. ill. for establishing a permanent Local Mums Force in England. 3

CAP. CLI.

An Act concerning the Administratfon of Justice in Scetlandi, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords.

[4th July 1808.]

WHEREAS the great Extension of Agriculture, Commerce,

Manufactures and Population, and the consequent Multiplication of Transactions in Scotland, have greatlr increased the Nurober of Law Suits brought into the Court ot Session, whereby it has become expedient to make some new Arrangements in that

Court, to facilitate the Dispatch of Rufinef3: And whereas it is also

expedient to make such Regulations as are herein after provide:

touching Appeals; may it therefore please Yotir Majesty that it mzr

4 be enacted; 1 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords SpiritiJ and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on and after the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Judges or Lords of Session shall usually fit in Two Divisions, and the JLora Pit* iident of the whole Court and Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Scffioa shall form one and the First of the said Divisions j and the Lord Justice

Oei

1808.

4t° GEO. III. C. 15L 641

Clerk for the Time being, and Six of the Ordinary Lord of Seifioo,

[hall form the other and the Second of the said Divisions.

II. And be it enacted, That such Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Of whom such Session shall be the Judges who shall usually fit in.one of the said Dm- ^iv, fioof (ions, and such Six shall bp the Judges who shall usually fit in the other c0in?0

of the said Divisions, as His Majesty shall appoint; and the Lord*President of the whole Court shall preside in the First of the said Divisions, and the said Lord Justice Clerk shall preside in the Second of the said Divisions; and in the Absence of the Lord President and Justice Clerk respectively, one of the Ordinary Lords of the said respective Divisions, that is to say, such Ordinary Lord as the Judges then present shall appoint shall preside in such Divisions respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That in each of the said Divisions there Jvrigw of

shall be an equal Number of the Judges of the Court of Judiciary, including the Lord Justice Clerk. Divisioo.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Twelfth Day RaetofMeeting

of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, the said Judges DWfioo

in each Division respectively shall fit in such Rooms or Places as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall appoint, and each of the Tame shall fit on the same Days as have hitherto been the Days of fitting of the whole Court for the Dispatch of fiufiness during the

Time of Session at such Hours as the Court of Sefikm by any Regulations to be made by the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof confiding of Nine of the Judges thereof, shall appoint; and the said Judges Court is hereby authorised and required, by Ad of the whole Court fall nuke or of such Quorum, to make or establish such Regulations before the Twelfth Day, of November One thousand eight hundred and eight;* Sutui* provided that the Judges in each Division shall have the same Powers with re to Adjournment, which the Judges of the whole Court

V. And be it enacted, That the Ordinary Judges of each Division, Ordinary Judges exclafive of the Lord President and Lord Justice Clerk, shall officiate fall official© in in the Outer House and Bill Chamber, and in performing therein Hou*

the Duties of Ordinaries of each Division in the Manner which has^hitherto been practised by the Ordinary Judges of the whole Court,

until it shall be otherwise provided by Parliament: Provided always, that Two of the said Judges, One for each Division, shall officiate each Week in the Outer' House, for hearing Causes in the Rolls of Suspensions, Advocations, Regulations, and Ordinary Actions, and' that Two Judges, one for each Division, shall each Week officiate in the Bill Chamber in the Time of Session, but that it shall be competent to the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof as aforesaid, to establish such Regulations with regard to Lords Ordinary officiating in the Bill Chamber during the Vacation as shall be deemed expedient*.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Judges fitting in the said re- Judges in ©tdi spective Divisions, or so many of them as shall form Quorums thereof Division fall respectively as herein after mentioned, shall be competent to exercise, and shall and may exercise, except in Cases herein excepted, the like Duties, Powers, and Functions in all respects, and with the same and the like Authority and Effect, in all Cases and Matters that shall come before tfiem, at are now exercised by the Lords of Session fitting together in Court, or a Quorum of them, and shall also enjoy the like Authorities and Privileges as are now enjoyed by the find Lords so fitting, or such Quorum.

now po

48 Geo. III.

Tt

64*

Quorum.

In €afes of Equality of Voice*, Laid Ordinary shall be called in.

Inner House Causes may be brought before either Division, and Outer House Chdfes before the Lords Ordinary, &c.

Judges of One ' Dividon may (fate Questtona of Law to the.ether.

i

Forms of Proceedings of both Divisions {hadt be alike, without Altera-

0.151* 48° GEO. III. AJ>.i8o*.

VII. And be it enacted, That Four Judges in each Division shall be deemed to be a Quorum thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Judges presiding in each Division shall, in case of Difference of Opinion, have One Voice, but not a Casting Voice; and in case there shall be an Equality of Voices, the Cause or Matter shall remain for subsequent Discussion and Decision; and in case upon such subsequent Discussion and Decision, there shall be again an Equality of Voices, the Judges of the said Division shall call in One of the Lords Ordinary of the lame Division from the Outer House, in the Order of their Seniority as Judges, to be present at the Discussion, and to vote in such Case.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Causes, Actions, Pro-ceffes, or Maltera, which according to the present Law and Practice come in the first In fiance into the said Court as Inner House Causes, shall at the Choice of the Party inflituting the same be brought before either of the said Divisions; and thvt Causes, Actions, Proceflcs, or Matters, which according to such Practice are brought into the Outer House or Bill Chamber before any of the Ordinary Lords, shall, at the Choice of the Party instituting the same, be brought before the Ordinary Lords of such Division, as the Party instituting the same shall think proper to resort to, and shall not be removeable except into that Division to which the Lords Ordinary belong under the Provisions of this Act; and all Causes, Actions, Processes, and Matters shall be considered as being under the Jurisdiction of the respective Divisions of the Judges before which they are brought, or to which the Lords Ordinary before whom they are brought belong; and the Decrees or Decisions of such Division of Judges or Loras Ordinary shall not be subject to review in the Court of Session by the other Judges, save that those of such Lords Ordinary shall be fnbje& to be reviewed by that Division of Judges to which such Lords Ordinary belong; provided that where any Action, Matter, Process, Complaint, or Cause has been brought before One of the said Divisions or the Lords Ordinary thereof, the other Division or the Lords Ordinary thereof shall remit any Action, Process, Matter, Complaint, or Cause.subsequently brought before them, relating to the lame Subject, Matter, or Thing, or having a Conne&i'on or Contingency therewith, to the Consideration of the Division or Lords 'Ordinary before whom the First Cause, Action, Process, Complaint, or Matter had been previously brought; which Remits shall be made sn such Form and Manner as is now used, or as shall be established by future Regulations of the whole Court, or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof, and which such Court or Quorum is hereby authorised, and, if the same shall be necessary, required to rriake.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Judges of either Division, or the Quorum thereof, in any Cafe9 which shall appear to them to be Cases of Importance and Difficulty, to fUte Questions of Law, in Writing arising on such Cases, and to require the Opinions of the Judges of the other Division to be given thereupon, and such Judges mall be hound to communicate their Opinion thereupon, either as a collective Body or ad individual Judges.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Forms of Proceeding and Process before each of the said Divisions of the Judges respectively, and before the Lords Ordinary of each respectively, shall be the same, and no Alteration thereof shall take place but by Acts of Sederunt of the

\ whole

A.D. 1808.

0.151.

48° GEO. III.

*43

?hole Court, or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof, assembled by tion, except

he Lord President, to which Court or Quorum it shall be competent

0 make such Alterations and Regulations concerning such Forms of

'roceeding and Process, as shall appear to be necessary or expedient;

nd all the lawful Powers of the (Jourt of Session, or any Quorum

hereof, to make Acts of Sederunt, and all other lawful Powers,

duties, or Functions of the said Court, or any Quorum thereof, save ».

s the Exercise of their Powers, Functions, or Duties is regulated /

y this Act, shall remain and>be in full Force.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the said Interim 'ourt, or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof, assembled by the Lord Regulation* 5resident, to make interim Regulations, until Provisions shall be may^made lade for that Purpose by Parliament, with regard to the Duties to Six^ndptl »e performed by the Six principal Clerks of Session in the said cierbofSefltoj^ divisions: Provided always*that each of the said prlncipal'Clerk#

lall be entitled to act in cither Division, and that the said principal 'lerks shall be entitled to carry on their official Business in their Offices and in Court, in conformity to the present Practice, and that: shall be competent to the said Court to make interim Regulation^ nth regard to the Duties to be performed by the Depute Clerks in he Outer House. and by the Clerk or Clerks in the Bill Chamber, nd other Officers of Court, as shall appear expedient for carrying n the Business of each of the said Divisions in a proper Manner.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the different Caules which shall be causei depend^ lepending before any Lords Ordinary on the said Twelfth Day of how to he V#vcmber One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall, from and after

hat Day, belong to the Division of which the Lord Ordinary before ehom they are depending shall, under the Privisions of this Act, be Part or Member 5 and that such Causes as shall be depending in the inner House on and prior to the Twelfth Day of November One housand eight hundred and eight, shall from and after that Day be-ong to the Division of which the Lord Ordinary before whom they lepended at the* Time they were lall brought from a Lord Ordinary nto the Inner House, shall, under the Provisions of this Act, be a >art or Member, and that all other Causes which shall be depending n the Inner House on and previous to the said Twelfth Day of November. One thousand eight hundred and eight, whether they were irought into the Inner House originally in the first Instance, or defended when lall brought into the Inner House before a Lord Or-linary, since deceased, shall be distributed between the said Divisions of the Judges as they Hand upon the Roll upon such Day; that is o say, the JJjrft Caule upon the Roll lTiall belong to the First of the aid Divisions, and the Second Cause then upon the Roll shall belong o the Second of the said Divisions, and so on successively and alter-tately: And in Cases in which, after such Divisions of the Judges shall C*nfe* to be lave taken place as aforesaid, Causes shall be remitted by the House emitted of Lords to the Court of Session, and when there shall be at the Date

if such Remits no Lords Ordinary to such Causes, the First of such Causes io remitted shall belong to the Division in which the Lord President of the whole Co*irt presides, and the Second to the other Di-ifion, and so on successively; and where there are Lords Ordinary to uch Causes, the respective Causes shall be remitted to the Division n which the Lords Ordinary to such Causes respectively belong:

Provided nevertheless, that in all Causes in which the House of Lords 1

T t a shall

A.D. 1808.

*44

C. 151.

48° GEO. III.

fcourt of Session Ifcalt meet to form Regu.-hipoi.

Appeals to the House of Lords.

RrfpeAing

Interlocutors.

Copy of Petition of Appeal shall be bad before the Judges of the Division to whirh the Cause belongs.

Rcguforiont as to Interim l'of-feftoD, &c. shall ant tie flopped by Appeal to the Louie of Lords.

shall think proper expressly in any Remit to the Court fb to require the Judges of the Division of the Court of Session to which the Cause or Matter shall after such Remit belong, shall be bound to require the Opinion of the Judges of the other Division in Matters or Questions of Law in Writing, and such. Judges of the other Division shall be bound to give and communicate the same in Manner herein*before provided.

XIV. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid, the Court of Session is hereby authorised to meet after the passing of this Act on any Days, either in Time of Session or during Vacation, Nine of the said Judges being a Quorum; and the said Court being assembled by the Lord President, in order that such Regulations may be made, and such Distribution of Causes may take place as shall be necessary or proper for carrying this Act into Execution.'

XV. And be it enacted, That hereafter no Appeal to the House of Lords shall be allowed from Interlocutory Judgments but such Appeals shall be allowed only from Judgments or Decree on the whole Merits of the Cause, except with the Leave of the Division of the Judges pronouncing such Interlocutory Judgments; or except in Cases where there is a Difference of Opinion among, the Judges of the said Division; nor shall any Appeal to the House of Lords be allowed from Interlocutors or Decrees of Lords Ordinary which have not been reviewed by the Judges fitting in the Division to which such Lords Ordinary belong: Provided that when a Judgment or Decrte is appealed from, it shall be competent to either Party to appeal to the House of Lords from all or any of the Interlocutors that may hare been pronounced in the Cause, so that the Whole, as far as it is necessary, may be brought under the Review of the House of Lords.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the reclaiming or representing Days against an Interlocutor of a Lord Ordinary shall, from Mistake or Inadvertency, have expired* it shall be competent, with the Leave of the Lord Ordinary, to submit the said Interlocutor, by Petition, to the Review of the Division to which the said Lord Ordinary belongs; but declaring always, that in the Event of such Petition being presented, the Petitioners shall be subjected in the Payment of the Expeoceaiirevioiifiy incurred in the Process by the other Party.

XVII. And be it enacted, That when any Appeal is lodged in the House of Lords, a Copy of the Petition of Appeal shall be laid by the Respondent or Respondents, before the Judges of the Division to which the Cause belongs; and the said«Division, or any Four of the Judges thereof, shall have Power to regulate all Matters relative to Interim Possession, or Execution, and Payment of Softs and Expences already incurred, according to their found Discretion, having a just Regard to the Interests of the Parties as they may be affected by the Affirmance or Reverfai of the Judgment or Decree appealed from.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be competent by Appeal to the House of Lords touching the Regulations (o made as to such Interim Possession, Execution, and Payment of Expence; or Custs, to flop the Execution of such J^?gulations as shall have been so made as aforesaid respecting the same; provided that when the Appeal touching the Judgment or Decree appealed from shall be heard, it shall be competent for the House of Lords to make such Order and give such Judgment respecting all Matters whatsoever

2 which

1

I

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. III. C. 151.

which shall hive been done or have taken place in pursuance of or in consequence of such Regulations so made as to Interim Possession, Execution, and Payment of Expences or-Costs, as the Justice of the Case shall appear to the said House of Lords to require*

XIX. And be it enacted, That if upon hearing the Appeal it shall appear to the House of Lords to be just to decree or adjudge the Payment of Interest, simple or compound, by any of the Parties in the Cause to which such Appeal relates, it shall be competent to the said House to decree or adjudge the Payment thereof, as the said House in its found Discretion shall think meet,

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Appeal7 presented after the

Jading of this A A to the House of Lords against an Interlocutor or )ecree of the said Court, or either of the Divisions thereof shall be dismissed for want of Prosecution, it shall be lawful for any Respondent in such Appeal for apply by Petition to that Division of the Court of Session to which such Cause shall belong, and it shall be competent to the Judges of the said Division, upon such Petition, to decree Payment of Interest, simple or compound, by the Appellant to such Respondent, in such Manner as the said Division in its found Discretion mail think meet, together with the Costs or Expences which have been incurred in consequence of such Appeal.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That as often as a Vacancy of the Office of a Judge shall happen among the Judges of either Divi-{ion, the same shall be filled* up according to the present Law and Practice of Scotland; provided that such new appointed Judge shall go through the Forms of Admission in that Division of Judges only to which he is appointed, unless an Objection is made to his Ad-million, in which Case the Objection shall be decided by the whole Court.

XXII. And whereas the Appointment of Commissioners with Powers to enquire into the Administration of Justice in Scotland re- lating to Matters of a Civil Nature, and particularly into the F6rms*of Process in the Court of Session whole Proceedings shall be < repotted to His Majesty, and laid before both Houses of Parliament, would be expedient: And whereas it would be expedient that ' Regulations should be established relative to the Causes or Processes, which may at present be brought into the Court of Session by Ad- vocation, Suspension, or Reduction, or in the first Instance, and relative to those of a Civil Nature which may be brought before the Circuit Court of Judiciary by Appeal: And whereas it has«been conceived th^t it might be for the Utility of the Subie&s 4 within Scotland, that Jury Trial should be introduced into tfce rroceedings in certain Causes before the Court of Session: And whereas the Fees or Dues exigible by the Clerks and other Officers of the Court of Session, and Members of the College of Justice or other Persons connected with the said Court in their official Capacity, and the Fees exigible by the Clerks and other Officers in the Sheriff, Admiralty, Commissary, and other Courts in Scotland> require to be reviled, and in many Particulars regulated: And whereas it would be expedient, that proper Regulations should be established,relative to the Extracts of Decrees, or of the Proceedings now ii\ ' use in Scotland in the superior and inferior Courts, and relative to the said Fees: And whereas it is expedient that due and proper Information should be obtained touching such Matters as aforesaid,

T t 3 4 and

5

House of Lot* may adjudge Payment of Imereti.

Respondenta in Appealsdifutilkd my apply fur interest to the Division to whieb the Cause betap.

Vacancies of

A.D. 1808.

ComraUSeneri shall be appointed to inquire into the Forma of Froceis in the Court of Session, and to report in what Cases Trial by Jury could be usefully ftabliihcd, &c.

C. 151; '48° GEO. III.

and as are herein after mentioned, to the Intent that falutaiy Regulations should be made and established by due Authority Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful, and full Power is hereby given to such Persons as shall be for that Purpose named and appointed by His Majesty, by Letters Patent or any Indrument in Writing under His Royal Sign Manual, or any Three of them, to meet at and upon such Place and Day as in such Letters Patent or Indrument shall be for that Purpose' named, or at and upon such Place and Day as they, or any Three of them, giving Notice to the other*

of them, shall appoint, and so thereafter at such Times and Places.as they or those present from Time to Time at Meetings shall appoint; and after, cnuiing a Prsefes and Clerk, to make full Inquiries into the Forms of Process, in the Court of Session, and to report in what Cases, and in what Manner and Form it appears to them that Jury Trial cculd be most usefully established in that Court, and further, to it port in what Manner the present Form of Process in that Court might be improved by conducing more of the Pleadings viva voce, by limiting the Power veded in single Judges of frequently reviewing their own Interlocutory Judgments by obviating Inconveniencies anting from the Mode nowpractised, in taking Proofs by Commission, and by Regulations relative to the Proceedings in the Bill Chamber, and particularly to inquire and report whether it would be expedient that the ordinary Judges of the said Divisions should officiate in the Outer House and Bui Chamber, and in performing therein the Duties of Ordinaries, in the Manner which has been hitherto practised by the ordinary Judges of the whole Court, or in what other Manner, and especially whether it would be expedient that some of such Judges mould con dandy or usually perform the Duties of Ordinaries in the Outer.House and Bill Chamber, and that others of the said Judges (hiould constantly or usually officiate in the Inner House, and also to make Inquiry into the Proceedings in the Admiralty and Commifiary Courts, and in the Inferior Courts in Scotland, relative to Matters of a Civil Nature, and to report in what Manner these may be improved, and also to date what Regulations appear to them proper to be adopted relative to Precedes or Causes brought into the Court of Session by Advocation, Suf-ttention, or Reduction, or in the First Indance, or before the Circuit tourt of Judiciary by Appeal, and also to make Inquiry into the present Forfns of the Court of Session in extruding Decrees, Re-

fid ration of the same, stnd Execution thereon, or upon Letters of )iligence passing the Signet, or any other Matters touching the Process or Proceedings of the said Court, and to feudown in Writing such Alterations or Amendments as shall appear to them to he most reasonable and bed calculated for the due Administration of Justice in the said Courts; and also to inquire into the Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments claimed by or belonging to the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, and other Members of the College of Justice, or Persons connected with the said Court, the Faculty of Advocates excepted, and how far the same are now reasonable, or ought to be allowed, or increased, and particularly what Satisfaction it may be just and reasonable to make to auy such Persons, in consequence of their being deprived of their Fees, Dues, or Emoluments, or any of them, by reason of the Alterations and Regulations introduced by this Act, or in case they should be deprived thereof by the Adoption

of

48° GEO. III. C. 151, 152. Uf7

of any Alterations or Amendments to be proposed by such Persons as aforesaid, if the same should be adopted; and also to inquire into the Fees, Perquisites, or Emoluments claimed by the Clerks and other Officers in the Sheriff, Admiralty, Coramissary, and other. Courts in Scotland; and generally to set down in Writing, and report what shall appear to them material to be reported touching all and every the Matters aforesaid; and the said Persons shall and are hereby re*' quired to report the Whole of theqr Proceedings to His Majesty on or before the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, and which Report, when made, it is hereby provided shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament by One of rlis Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State: Provided that it shall be competent to the said Persons to report, from Time to Time, on or before the said Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, such Part or Parts of their Proceedings as they shall have it in their Power to report, relating to any of the Objects of their Inquiry, and particularly they are hereby required to report, as soon as conveniently may be, with respect to Trial by Jury, the Proceedings io the Outer House and Bill Chamber, the Regulations proper to be adopted relative to Processes in Causes brought into the Court of Session by Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, or in the Firff Instance; and relative to those of a Civil Nature which may be brought before the Circuit Court of Justiciary by Appeal; and with regard to the present Forms of the Court of 6ession m extracting Decreets; and with respect to the other Matters appointed to be the Subjects of their Inquiry, to report thereupon in such Order as to them shall seem mod: expedient; yet so nevertheless as that their Report upon the Whole of the Matters submitted to their Consideration, shall be made on or before the said Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine,

Cap. cm.

An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Walh made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Com or Crain in Great Britain.

[4th July 1808.]

WHEREAS it may be found proper to prohibit throughout v

W Great Britain, for a Time to be limited, all Distillation of

Spirits from Corn or Grain, and in such Case it would be expedient

to encourage the Distillation of Sprits from Sugar during such Pro-

hibition 5 and also to modify and ?egulate the Duties to be levied,

and the Drawbacks to he flowed 5* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for During any and during any Period of Time in which by or under the Authority Prohibition of of any Act of Parliament, passed or to be passed, the Distillation of the DiiUllation Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited, all Graln* Great and ilngular the Duties of Excise on Worts or Wash, made or brewed Britain, all

in Great Britain for extracting Spirits, and al) and singular the Duties Duties and on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain and on Spirits made in Drawba<u on Ireland and imported into Great Britain, and also the duties on Li-cenew on the Content or Capacity of Stills used or employed in Scotland tax mating or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, and also all excepting /> T14 and Arrears/

' A.D. 1808.

Prohibition of all Materials in the Highland Distillery, except Oats or Bariev, &c. also suspended.

When Prohibition ceases, suspended Duties, &£. shall he revived.

Hew Buttes' during such. Suspension.

Sugar Wafa for Home Consumption in England, Is. 3d. per Gallon. Ditto in Low-lauds of Scotland i S^d.

Spirits in the Lowlands, sd.

Content of the Still in the Lowlands, 162l. pet Gallon.

Ci52- 4Sd GEO. III.

«tnd fingylar the Duties on Spirits manufaduied in England* and brought from thence into Scotland* and vice ver/a* and also all and singular the Drawbacks on the Exportation of any such Spirits, shall be and the same are hereby suspended, lave and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall or may remain unpaid; or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the Day upon which such Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain shall commence and take Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Prohibition of the Use of any Material or Commodity whatsoever hi the making or brewing of Wort or Wafa for di{filling or extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland* except Oats or Barley, or Bear or Bigg, of the Growth of the said Highlands, shall also be suspended during any Period of Time that the Uiftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall by or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament be prohibited; any Thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid of the Use of Corn and Grain in the Distilia-tion of Spirits shall cease and determine, all and singular the Duties, Drawbacks, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and also the Prohibition which by this Act are or shall be suspended, shall be revived, and the same are hereby in such Case declared to revive and become in full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby suspended, there shall during such Suspension be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England* for Home Consumption, from Sugar, an Excite Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence:

'For every Galion, Ehglish Wine Measure, ' of Wort or Wafa, brewed or made from Sugar, for extracting Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland* for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty of Threepence Farthing;

For every Galion, EngVtJb Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and lb in proposition Tor every higher or lower Degree of Strength which shall be made or difrilled in the Lowlands of Scotland* for Consumption in Scotland* not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and refrrided to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the StiU, and the Duty on the Wort or Wafa from which such Spirits may be made or distilled, an Excise Duty of Five-pence s

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content.or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn: Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afeend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty-five Degrees, which shall he used or employed for the Purpose of

1808.

48° GEO. TIL

C. ija.

<49

Wash In the

Highlands, si.

Content of St3l in Highlands,

of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty t of One hundred and sixty-two Pounds:

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Wort or Wash, brewed or made from Sugar, for extracting. Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption in the (Said Highlands, an Excile Duty of Two-pence:

For every-Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength Smritsin the of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proposition for Highlands,: any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in the Highlands of Scotland for Consumption in the said Highlands, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid, over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Wash from which such Spirit may be made or distilled, an Excise Duty of Five-pence

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every^.

Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus* therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the £wpe may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afeend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty-five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for ponfumption in the said Highlands, an Excile Duty of Five Pounds:

' For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proposition for any higher Degree of Strength, made or x distilled from Corn or Grain in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Six Shillings:

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength Scotch Com not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or Spirits imported distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland, and imported or brought

from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof,

before the Landing thereof, an Excile Duty of Seven Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny;

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of all such Spirits as last Propositional before mentioned, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over '

Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and CoaLorapK^ above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Seven Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny; and also a further Excise Duty, propositioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceeolhe said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof:

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proposition for any higher Degree of Strength, made or distilled in England from Sugar, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Four Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Galion, English Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength pot exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydromete|r Proof, made or distilled

EnglHhCora Sprits impasted into Scotland, 6s.

EnglUh Sugar Spirits imported into Scotland, 4s. 3d.

Scotch Sugar Spirits imi>orted into England, Ss. lljd.

A.D. 180*

4S$©

Piopertiftnal Duty on 3 per CeaLomrioof.

Mh Com Spirits imported into Great Britain, 8a. 3}d. (at 1 to 10, and in Proposition, )

Irish Sugar Spirits into Great Britain, «&.5d.

Drawbacks on

"Exportation of Spirits to Ireland.

Britisht Com Spirits, 8s. aJd»

British Sugar Spirit*) 8a. Ad.

Putiealhallbe under the Management of, Piacife Board.

Officers of Eaeife shall allow 13 Millers 91

C. 152* 48° GEO. III.

distilled in Scotland from Sugar, and imported and brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and EleTen-pence Halfpenny;

For every Galion, EngVish Wine Measure, of all such Spirit# as last before mentioned, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven pence Halfpenny; and also a further Excise Duty, propositioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof:

For every Gallon of Spirits, distilled or made from Corn or Grab in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Eight Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny; and so in proposition for any higher Degree of Strength; and upon sweetened or compounded Spirits the said last mentioned Duty shall be computed and paid upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made

For every Gallon of Spirits distilled or made from Sugar in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Eight Shillings and Five-pence, and so in proposition for any higher Degree of Strength; and upon sweetened or compounded Spirits the said Duty shall be computed and paid upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made,

V. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Drawbacks* by this Att suspended, there shall, during such Sufoen-fton, be allowed and paid, for and in respect of all Spirits of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ireland, the following Drawbacks; (that is to far, )

For and upon every Galion, Eoglish Wine Measure, of all Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and exported from thence to Ireland, a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny, and so in proposition for any higher Degree of Strength:

For and upon every Galion, Engltfb Wine Measure, of all Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten overHydsometer Proof, which shall be made or distilled. from Sugar in Great Britain, and exported from thence to Ireland % a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five-pence, and so in proposition for any higher Degree of Strergth.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise m England for the Time being; and that such Part thereof as shall atple in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise in England, having any Still or StiU-house, or other Place used for the

Purpose

A.D. 1808.

<5*

48° GEO. III. C. 152.

1

Purpose of making or diddling Spirits under his Survey, shall keep

exact Accounts in his Books of all Worts and TjVafti whereon the Duties are by this Act imposed; and shall in his said Books give unto the several Distillers or Makers of Spirits under his Survey, a. Credit of Twentyone Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wafti brewed or made from Sugar by such Distiller or Distillers.

VIII*. And be it enacted, That every Distiller in Scotland shall be charged with and pay the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed on Spirits made in Scotland, for the Consumption of Scotland, at and after the Rate of Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits for -every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, brewed or made from Sugar by any such Distiller; and every such Distiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits for Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wafti as aforesaid, brewed or made and actually distilled into Spirits by such Distiller.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in England shall make, distil, extract, or produce any Quantity of Spirits, exceeding the Proposition of Twenty-one Gallons for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash brewed or made from Sugar as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proposition aforesaid (that is to say; at and after the Rite of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Halfpenny for every Gallon of such Excess, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller who shall make or distil Spirits in England for Exportation from thence to Scotland, or who shall make or distil Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from thence to England, shall, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, brewed or made from Sugar, for making or extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise at least Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and in every Case where the Produce of Spirits, ext rafted and produced to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise as aforesaid, shall fall short of the Proposition aforesaid, every such Distiller or Distillers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby made chargeable with and shall pay, foi* every Gallon of Spirits which shall so fall short or be deficient, a Duty of I'en Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and diitilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wafti fVom Sugar, sufficient to produce Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, fox'each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills spe-cifitd or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller in the said Lowlands, computing Twenty-one Gallons of such Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wasti, then and in- every such Case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and

distilled

Gallons of Spirits, (at l to, 10) for 100 Gallons Waft.

Distillers in Scotland shall bn allowed a like Proposition of Spirits.

Duty on Excels in England 5s. l*d. per Gallon.

Dtftfllen for Ex-pototion between England and Scotland shall for 100 Gallons Wafti produce 31 Gallons of Spirits; or pay 10s. per Galion. deficient.

licence of Distillers in Lowlands shall cease, on producing 3035 Gallons for each Gallon Content of S till.

licence of Distillers in Highlands shall cease, on

C. 152.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

producing 73 CUIods of Spirits per Gailon Content of Still.

X)Uli&eTS in England not to Penalty for discondmnng fO walk on ExpUV tkm of Prohibi-

AHovsnce to Distillen inScot- Itnd on such Expiration of Prohibition.

licences for distitling Spirits from Sugar in Scotland after Pec. 1, 1808.

Time for making Entry ot Spirits for Exportation between England and Scotland.

Entiy may be made for such Exportation within 30 Pays from the Period when Prohibition shall ccafe, kc.

distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wash from Sugar, sufficient to produce Seventy-five Gallons of Spirits, of the Stength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each ind every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller in the said Highlands, com-

Jmting Twenty-orte Gallons of such Spirits, at the Strength a/ore-aid, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Walh, then and in every such Case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease, and determine and be no longer in force.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller in England shall be subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Prosecution for discontinuing to work, provided such difeoarinuing is or shall be occasioned by the Expiration or other Termination of the Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation, by or under the Authority of Parliament; any Thing in this or any other Act or Ad* of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and they are hereby authorised and required, in csfe of the Termination, by or under the Authority of Parliament, of the Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, or of the Revival of the Laws which allow the Distillation ot Spirits from Corn or Grain, before any licensed Distiller in Scotland shall have distilled into Spirits the full Quantity of Wort or Wash to which the Licence df any such Distiller mall be limited, to pay and allow to such Distiller out of the Duties arising by the Distillery in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to that which mall or may have been paid in advance by such Distiller over and above the Quantity of Wort or Wash made and Spirits actually distilled under and by virtue of any such Licence.

XV. (And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to license any Still or Stills in Scotland for the Purpose of distilling Spirits from Sugar, after the Distillation from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited: Provided that no such Licence shall be granted to commence and take Effect before the First Day of December Oae thousand eight hundred and eight; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers in EnglandOr Scotland respectively, shall be allowed to make Entry for, or to make or distil any Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any other Time than from and after the First Day of December in each Year.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid, of the Use of Cora and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, shall cease and determine, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in England or Scotland respectively, to make Entry for and to make or diflil Spirits from Corn and Grain for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any Time within Thirty Days ffom the Period when such Prohibition shall cease and determine; Provided also, that no such Entry shall have Effect for any longer Period than until the First Day of 0Sober then next ensuing, nor shall any such Entry be made or admitted while any Spirits distilled from Sugar, or any Materials for such Biftillation mall be remaining

on

A.D. 180S.

48° GEO. III.

c. 15a.

«53

Licences for distUling Spirit* from Sugir or Crain in Seot-

Yeast, in preparing Wort for Diltiliatkm, during the Pro-kibitkm, SOOL.

on any Part of the Premises of such JDistiller or Distdlors 5 any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

XVIII. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That it'shall and may be lawful tp and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, or to or for the respective Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland\ by and with the Leave and Approbation of the said Commissioners, to grant a Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons to make or diitil Spirits from Sugar during any Period in which the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited, and also to grant Licences in like Manner to v

any Person or Persons to make or distil Spirits from "Com'or Grain,

at any Time after the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall, by or under the Authority of Parliament, be permitted or allowed:

Provided also, that no such last mentioned Licence shall be grafted to take Effect before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor for a longer Period than until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary In anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Maker Penalty for tfiny of Spirits in Great Britain shall, during such Prohibition as aforesaidnT Thing with of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, make use ;*ccf*

of or employ any Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatso-^ver in brewing, making, or preparing Wort or Wash for Distillation, save and except pure Yeast necessary for fermenting the Wort or Wash, and save and except Sugar in the State in which the lame shall have been imported iuto this Kingdom, and without the same having been previously diluted with Water or other Liquor, or undergone any Process'or Manufacture whatever to alter the lame, every Distiller or Maker of Spirits so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Servant of any Servants, 50L such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, and every other Person who during such Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain as aforesaid shall be aiding and assisting in the using of any other Material, Commodity,

Article, or Thing whatsoever in brewing, making or preparing of Wort or Wash for Distillation, or in the making or diddling of Spirits, except pure Yeast and Sugar as aforesaid, shall also, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in Default of Payment shall suffer Three Months Imprisonment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Maker of Penalty on Spirits shall at any Time while he, she, or they shall have in his, her, pullers having or their Custody any Wort or Wash for Distillation, made or pre- or

pared from Sugar, or while he, (lie or they shall be preparing or Grain, beyond making any Wort or Wash from Sugar, or diddling or extracting a certain Low Wines or Spirits fresh Wort or Wash so made qr prepared, take Quantity, $0*1* or receive into, or have or keep in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Molasses exceeding the Quantity of One Pound, nor any Wheat, Barley, Malt, Oats, Rye, Bear, or Big, which shall have been ground, excepting Malt not exceeding Five Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour not exceeding One Quarter, nor any Beer Grounds, Brewers' Tilts, or Worts gr Wash made or prepared from \ any Material of Commodity whatsoever except Sugar, on Pain of forfeiting Five hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted That no Distiller or Maker of Sugar shall not

Spirits shall take or receive into his, her, or their Custody of Poflef- 5?*.

f 4 DistilkninfiW*

Quantities*

fion,

A.D. 1808.

*S4

ij*.

48° GEO. III.

Notice to Officer then Sugar is taken In and lent out by the Distiller.

Penalty for Kegled lOol*

Dating the Prohibition no Stills flisll be used in England (except those of Sir Wt-BUhOfi,o.) which within Two Years shall have been vied in reftifjing Sp'u its; nor any Still of less than 0000 Gallons lor Distillation for Home

Consumption.

Account of Spirits on Hand made for Exportation to England, lie.

Son, for the Purpose of Distillation IntQ Spirits, any Quantity of Sugar less than One reputed Tierce or Hogshead, on Pain of forfeiting One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That before any Distiller, or maker of Spirits, shall receive or take into his Custody or Possession any Sugar for Distillation into Spirits, he. (he, or they, shall give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, specifying the true Number of Tierces or Hogshead* of Sugar intended to be received or taken in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom such Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be taken in; and if any* Distiller'or

' Maker of Spirits shall have Occasion to fell or send out any Sugar, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall in like Manner give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing of his Intention to send out such Sugar, and shall specify in every such Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be sent out, and the Time when such Sugar is intended to be sent out or delivered, and the Name of the Person to whom and Place to which such Sugar is intended to be sent; and if any Distillei* or Maker of Spirits shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall receive into or fend or deliver out of his Custody or Possession any Sugar* without having given such previous Notice in Writing as aforesaid, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Prohibition of the Use of Corn and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits as aforesaid, no Person shall be permitted to make use of any Still or Still-house, or other Place or Places, or Utensils iii England, for extracting or ditlilling Spirits from Sugar, which, within Two Years immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, shall have been used or employed in re&ifying or compounding of Spirits, save and except the Stills, Stil-houses, Utensils, and Places used by Sir William Btjhopy George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, nor shall any Person be permitted to make or distil any Spirits whatsoever for the Consumption of England, during the said Prohibition, in any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Galions, unless in the Case of any Distiller or Distillers who, within One Year immediately preceding the passing of this Act, shall have in his entered Biftillery used or employed a Still duly entered of less Content for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall make Entry Or Use of any Distil-house or Premises except as herein before excepted, every such Entry shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and all and every Persons or Person who shall make use of any such Distil house or Premises for the distilling or making of Spirits, shall be subject and liable to all the Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures to which Persons tiling private or unentered Stills or Utensils for making Spirits are or were subject or liable under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and ftnmediately before the passing of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the passing of this Act as any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation to England, shall have ceased working or making Spirits from Corn or Grain, it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, in Scotland, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required,

<55

48° GEO. III. €.15^.

quired, to cause an exact and true Account to be taken, by Quantity and Strength, of all the Spirits made in Scotland far Exportation to England, and which shall be at such Time remaining in Scotland, and shall cause such Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excise in England/ and all such Spirits as may be legally imported from Scotland into England shall be accompanied with a regular Permit or regular Permits, specifying whether such Spirits were made or distilled from Corn or from Sugar; and such Spirits as'shall have been Dutira on distilled or made from Com, shall, upon Importation into England\ ImportatWu tats be charged and chargeable ^ith all the Duties to which Spirits are EiqjUnd. or were subject and liable at and immediately before the jailing of this 1 Act, any Thing herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Licences duly granted Licence* in in Scotland to retail Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain,

or other Brittish Materials; shall be sufficient to authorize and empower all Persons, having any such Licence, to retail Spirit* distilled or Malt, &c. made in Great Britain from any Materials whatsoever, without Pay- sufficient for ment of any other or further Duty than is by Law payable for Li- Safe of other cences to retail Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain; any ^pint*.

Thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties shall be Duties by this Act imposed, shall (except as herein otherwise specially " former directed or provided) be raised, levied, collected, recovered, secured, Uutl€*

and paid by such Persons, at such Times, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Rules, and Directiorfs, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as before excepted) as the several and respective Duties on Worts or Wash for Distillation, and on Licences upon Stills, and also on Spirits, are or were provided, prescribed, cr directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before and at the Time of passing this Act in relation to the Duties on Wort or Wash, or Spirits or Licences upon Stills, or for the Security or due Collection of the said last mentioned Duties, or for preventing Frauds and Evalious thereof, or for the Regulation of the Distilleries; and all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures mentioned, and contained in the said Acts (except as before excepted) shall be practised and put in Execution for ascertaining, raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, in Manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXVII. Aiuf be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Former A3* contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal rnnam in or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before so.rcc»

the pasting of this Act, relating to the distilling or making Spirits In tothU

England or Scotland, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein. Act.

(favc and except the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act exprefoly. suspended, and save and except so far as any such Act or or the

f Clauses,

A.D. 1808.

6$6

C.is % l

48« oeo. nr.

Itteovery \ Application of

Clauses* Provisions, Power*, or Authorities therein contained or granted are expressly repealed, suspended, revoked, altered, contracted or controlled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained,) but that all and singular the said former Acts and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pams, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non-observance of the same (except as aforesaid) shall remain and continue in as full Forte and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be lued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (haO be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him cr them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXIX. And whereas it is by this Act intended Jthat the Duties of

Customs on Sugar imported, so far as any such Sura* shall be used

or employed in the Distillation of Spirits in Great Britain* shall be

paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, as Part of the Duties arising from the Distillation of Spiritsbe it therefore

For tfremiiung enacted, That as Toon as convenient after the Tenth Day of Q&obtr* and applying the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April* and the Fifth

?Ufl!r of Day of July* in each Year and also as soon as convenient after the

Rnear rtxTiti Expiration or otjier Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of

Excise, or the major Part of them in England shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in England* the Number of Gallons of Wort or Wash made or prepared From Sugar for Diilillation into Spirits in England; and the Quantity of Sugar used and employed is making or preparing such Wort or Wash, reckoning or computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Fifty-four Gallons of Wort or Wash so made or prepared as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners of Customs in England shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on the -Receipt of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid, out of the Money arising by the Duties, on Sugar, to the Person appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England to receive the Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London* a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Customs on the Sugar so computed to h ive been used or employed in the making Qr preparing such Quantity of Wort or Wash for Diilillation as aforesaid; and the Receipt of the Person so appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England to receive the Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London* shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Person ordered by them to pay over the said Money; and as soon as convenient after the before* mentioned Quarter-days respectively, and also after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of Excde, or the major Part of them in Scotland, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland the Number of Gallons of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and the Quantity of Sugar used in distilling or'making

pSilUtion.

A.D. 1808.

j

48° GEO. III. C. 152. 6$7

making such Spirits, reckoning or computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Ten Gallons and a Half of Spirits so charged with Duty as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on the Receipt' of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid, out of any Money arising by the Duties on Sugar, to the Receiver General of Excise in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Customs on the Sugar so computed to have been used or employed in the distilling or making such Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid; and the Receipt of, the said Receiver General of Excise in Scotland shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners of Customs in Scotlandf or to the Person ordered by them to pay over the said Money,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Money ansing from Application of the Duties by this Act imposed, including the Duties or, Sums of Duties.

Money diredfced to be' paid over by the Commissioners of Customs,

shall from Time to Time (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and Two-third Parts of the said Money shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the other Third Part of the said Money shall be kept separate and apart from the other Branches of the Publick Revenue, and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books in which all Money arising by the last mentioned One-third Part of the Money aforesaid shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said last mentioned One-third Part of the feud Monies, so paid into the said Receipt, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Seffioft of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or shall be voted by the Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now and for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are and is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

---

[Commencement of Act.]

[See 48 G. 3. c. 118.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and upon the Day on which the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall, by virtue or in consequence of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed or to be passed, be prohibited.

[Local acts to new file.]

