[Metadata: Google Books URL: https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=NL4NAAAAQAAJ&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false]

[Metadata: Only contents and acts given here; letters &c. snipped out.]

{Note one act not passed. --details--.]

PAPERS

PRESENTED TO THE HOUSE OF COMMONS

On the 7th May 1804,

RESPECTING THE

SLAVE-TRADE;

&c. &c.

Ordered to be printed 8th June 1804.

SCHEDULE.

A.

CIRCULARS.

No 1. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of the Islands of Jamaica, St, Vincent, Dominica, Barbadoes, Leeward Islands, and Grenada, Dated 6th May 1797.

No 2. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of His Majesty’s Islands and Colonies in the West Indies - Dated 23d April 1798. (Two Inclosures.)

No 3. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of the Islands of Barbadoes and St. Vincent’s - Dated 22d March 1799.

No 4. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies - Dated 12th July 1799.

B.

BAHAMAS.

No 1. Copy of an Act, intituled, “An Act to consolidate and bring into one Act the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further Protection and Security; for altering the Mode of Trial of Slaves charged with capital Offences; for suspending the several Acts and Clauses of Acts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes,” Dated 11th May 1797.

No 2. Copy of a Letter from Governor Dowdeswell to the Duke of Portland, Dated 9th December.

No 3. Return of Slaves, &c. in the Island of New Providence - Dated 2d April 1801.

C.

BARBADOES.

No 1. Copy of a Letter from Governor Ricketts to the Duke of Portland, Dated 5th July 1797.

No 2. Copy of Do from Do to Do - Dated 31st May 1798.

No 3. Copy of Do from Do to Do - Dated 6th May 1799.

No 4. Extract of Do from Do to Do - Dated 28th May 1799. (Two Inclosures.)

---

No 5. Extract of Do from the Duke of Portland to Governor Ricketts - Dated 8di August \ 799.

No 6. Copy of Do from Governor Ricketts to the Duke of Portland - Dated 1st September 17159.

No 7. Extract of D° from Lord Scaforth to Lord Hobart - - Dated 18th March 1802. (Two Inclosures.)

No 8. Extract of a Letter from Lord Hobart to LordSeaforth - Dated 6th September rb'02, 119.

SCHEDULE — continued.

D.

BERMUDA.

No 2. Extract of a Do from D®to D®

No I. Extract of a Letter from Governor Beckwith to the Duke 7 nat , . Tw-mW

of Portland, J D cd 2*th December 1799. Y fg

Dated 22d March 1800. (One Inclosure.)

E.

DOMINICA.

No 1. Copy of a Letter from President Matfon to the Duke of Portland, Dated 10th July 1797'

No 2. Extract from the Minutes of the House of Assembly at Dominica, Dated 19th July 1797*

No 3. Copy of a Letter from Governor Johnstone to the Duke of Portland, Dated 5th June 1798.

No 4. Extract of Do from the Duke of Portland to Governor) . , 0 t r\n. t

Johnstone,} Dsttd >8<l' Oaober i;9SJ

No 5. Copy of Do from D® to the Governor - Dated 21ft March 1799]

No 6. Copy of a Letter from President Matfon to the Duke of Portland, Dated t*6th June 1799*

(Three Jnelofurcs.)

No 7. Copy of Do from D® to D® - - - - - Dated 22d June 1799*

(Three Inclosures.)

No 8. Copy of Do from D® to D* ----- Dated aoth July 1799^

(l'our Inclosures.)

No 9. Extract of Do from the Duke of Portland to President Matfon, - Dated 26th August 1799]

No 10. Extroft from the Minutes of the-Moure of Assembly of Dominica from the Oth September 1799 to the 8th October following.

No ix. Extract from the Minutes of His Majesty's Council of Dominica from the 10th Septem- ber 1799 to the nth October .following.

K® 12. Copy of a Letter from President Matfon to the Duke of) ty.. - 1 -1 n - ,

Portland, { Dated 3d December 1799*

(One Inclosure.)

K® 13. Copy of Do from D* to D® ----- Dated 5th January

(I hirteen Inctofurei.

F.

GRENADA.

No 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor Green to the Duke of Portland, Dated 13th July 1797*

N» 2. Exira£ of Do from D® to D® ----- Dated joth Aug 1797*

(Three luclyiufci.)

No 3. Extrafi of D® front the Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated 13th 4iept, 1797*

No 4. Copy of D“ from D* to D® ----- Duted 3d October 179/*

No S* Extract of Do from Governor Green to the Duke of Portland, Dated 20th Feb. *79$* I a

(One-inclosure.)

No 6. Copy of P* from P* to D® - - - - - - Dated 10th June 1798*

No 7. Extract of D* from the Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated iyth July 179b*.

No 8. J

SCHEDULE~ continued.

GRENADA. continued

Na 8. Extrait of a Letter fromthc Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated 12 th Aug. 1798;

No 9., ExtraStof D° from Governor Green to the Duke of Portland, Dated 3d Sept. 1798.

No to. Extrail: of Do from IV to D° ».«-•- Dated 5th Nov, 1798.

No 11. Copy of D° from D° toD® - Dated 7th Sept. 1799.

No 12. Extrait of D* from D® to D° - Dated 6th Oct. 1799*

(The Inclosure referred.to in this Letter does no: appear with, the Corrcfpondcucc,)

No 13. Extrailof a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated 22d Nov. 1799.

No 14. Extrail of D" from Governor Green, to the'Duke of Portland, Dated tnftjan. 1806.

C-.

JAMAICA.

Ns i. Copy of a Letter from Simon Taylor, Henry Shirley, George Murray, and Lewis Cuthberr, Efqrs. to the Earl of Balcarres, - - - Dated 12th Dec. 1797.

No 2. Copy of Do from the Earl of Balearres to the Duke of Portland, Dated :4th Dec. 1797.

(Three Inclosures.)

No 3. Extrail of D° from the Duke of Portland to the Earl of Balearres, Dated 10th May 17984

No 4. Copy, of Do from D® to D® ----- Dated 25th May 1798.

No 5. Copy of JV from D® to D® ----- Dated 10th Aug. 1799. I

No 6. Copy of Do from the Earl of Balearres to the Duke of Portland, Dated 5th Jan. 1800,

(Two Inclosures.)

V 7. Extrnil of D# from Dff to D°

/

Xs

Dated 22(1 March :Soo. (Nineteen Inclosures.)

iN9 8. Copy of Do from.D® to D®

Dated 23d March 1800.

(One Inclosure.)

H.

J

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

» 1. EanS of » Xe«tt from VroWtot Thwnfen to Dok^of | DwJ ^ Ja,f

N92. Extract of a Letter from President Thomson to the Duke of Ir, , ,

Portland, Wr{h 0a

(Three Inclosures.)

No 3. Extrail of Do from the Duke of Portland to President Thomson, Dated ift Jan. 179S.

N" 4. Extrail of D* from PresidentThomfen 10 theDuke of Portland, Dated 15th Feb. 1798.

(One Inclosure.)

No 5. Extrail of Do from D* to-D* - Dated r 5th March 1798.

(Three Inclosures.)

No 6. Extract of D* from D® to D* ----- Dated jjih April 1798.

No 7. Extrail of Da from theDuke of Portland to President Thomson, Dated ad May 1798.

No 8. Extract of D* from Mr. President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 4th May 1798.

• (Three Inclosures.)

No 9. Extrail of D* from D* to D* - > Dated 19th May J798,

No to. Extrail of IV from the Duke of Portland to President Thomson, Dated 26th May 179S. N° 11. Extrail of Do from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated -ad June 1798,

No 12.

m

S C Ii E D U L E—continued.

Leeward Islands—continued.

No ia. ‘Extraft of a Letter from D® to D* - - - - Dated 28th June 1798.

No 13. Extract of Do from D° to D# - Dated 20th July 1798.

No 14. Extract of Do from the Duke of Portland to Mr. President) n

Thornton,] Doled 16th A»j. 179II.

No 15. Copy of Do from John King* Esq. to D* * - - Dated 7th March 1799.

No t6. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to President? »> , .« w

ThomfonJ ^cd tft May 1799.

No 17. Extras of a D°from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 26th Oft. 1799.

No 18. Extract of D* from D® to D° - Dated 22d March 1800.

{Six Jndofurcs.)

N8 fg. Copy of D* from D® to D® - - - - - Dated 26th March 1800.

(Twenty Inclosurco.)

L

Sr. VINCENT.

No r. Copy of a Letter from Governor Seton to the Duke J ^ St y;,^ 6th Ju,y w.

No 2. Copy of D* from D* to J)a

Dated 12th July 1797. (One luciolure.)

A

No 3, Extract from the St. Vincent Legislative Council Minutes - Dated July 1797.

N‘ 4. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Governor Seton, Dated 2d Oft. 1797. -

No 5. Copy of Do from Governor Bentinck to the Duke of Portland, Dared 8th June 1798.

No 6. Extract of Do from the Duke of Portland to Governor Hemlock, Dated 14th Aug. 1798, /

No 7. Extract of D* from D* to D®...........................Dated 22d March 1799.

No S. Extract of Do from President Ottlcyto the Duke of Portland, Dated 6th Juno 1799.

No 9. Extract of Do from the Duke if Portland to President Ottley, Dated toth Aug. 1799.

No 10. Extract of Do from President Ottley to the Duke of Portland, Dated aoth March 1800.

---

No 11. Extract of Do from Do to Do - Dated 1st May 1800.

No 12. Extract of Do from the Duke of Portland to President Ottley, Dated 12th July 1800.

1. CIRCULAR LETTERS - p. 1. &c. A.

2. BAHAMA - p. 1. &c. B.

3. BARBADOES - p. 1. &c. C.

4. BERMUDA - p. 1. &c. D.

5. DOMINICA - p. 1. &c. E.

6. GRENADA - p. 1. &c. F.

?. JAMAICA - p. 1. &c. G.

8. LEEWARD ISLANDS - p. 1. &c. H.

9. ST. VINCENT - p. 1. &c. I.

<snip>

B.

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

(Copy.) An Act to consolidate and bring into one Act the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for: giving them further Protection and Security; for altering the Mode of Trial of Slaves charged with capital Offences; for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws which have been enacted for the government of Slaves ifhould-be consolidated and brought'into one Ad; that some further provisions should be made for their protection ; and that the mode of trying Slaves charged with capital offences should'b.e altered and regulated, as nearly as localdrcumrtances-wilhadmit,..according to,the fules;of the commori.Law; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it -rhay .be enacted, and* be it enacted; by his-honour John Fprbes, esquire, .your Majesty’s .Lkutenaiit-Gpvernof.arid Commander in Ghle£ thfe Council .aha Assembly of youf Bahama Islands, and it is hereby enacted and'ordained by the authority of the -fame, that from. and after the pafllrig of this. Ad, all and every the hereinafter mentioned jLavvs* and clauses, and parts of Laws, so far forth as fHe fame do relate to Negro-dr other Slaves, be and the- fame are Certato-Laws hereby suspended for, .and during the continuance of this Act, any thing in the said so?

Lawsarid clauses of Laws, or in. any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding; that she contlnu-

-7C rA Civ jn ii /*}- '5r» rK/»f*»v-i*rish nf «ftnr h/Tau-n-v’o r#»iorrv irirtmlfvt A n aaceoFchii

A&.

* o / " - S J ' o .7 1 * » ^ 1 u

^clfuleTri .an Act, intituled, “ An Act for governing of Negroes,- Mulattoes, and : Indians, and for amending the said Act}” alfp one. other Act, ;passed in the twentieth py ear of your Majesty’s reign, intituled, “..An Act for suspending parts of certain r-Clauses and arnending other Clauses in ah, Ad, intituled,. An Act for governing [ Negroes, Mulattoes, apd Indians.}”'also one. other Act, -passed in. the year Taft afore-i-Lid, intituled, ;" An Act.for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees,- and Indians,* land'for susperiding-several Acts thercihmeridohed}” also, one:other .Act,passed ih:the-Tame year Jaft aforesaid, intituled, u An Act to amend a Clause in an Act passed in the Eleventh year ofHisprefent Majesty ?s reign,.intituled j An Act for governing Negroes, ^Mulattoes, and Indians.”

[ 2; And whereas it as clue to good policy as well as to humanity and justice, that

[the condition of Slaves should ‘be rendered as comfortable as possible, by supplying shem with good, whblefome, and sufficient provisiohS} with proper cloathing and 'other rieceflaries, arid-it is expedient that the fame should be regulated.by Law-j be it enacted, That -the Matter, Owner, or PotTeffor of every plantation, pen, or -other lands whatsoever within these 1 (lands, shall provide arid.give to every Slave .above the age of ten years, at and after the rate of one peck of ungreund Indian or Guinea corn, or twenty-one pints of wheat flour, or seven quarts of rice, fifty-six pounds ;of potatoes, cocoes, or yarns' per week, over and above a sufficient quantity of land, as arid: for the proper ground of every such Slave} and one-half of the afore-laid-allowance to each child below the aforelaitl age often years.

lip. 2 A 3* And

Slave's, their provisions regulated and ertabiiflied.

B. 4 SLAVE TRADE WEST INDIES.

[No Master,

Owiser, or ’ Pjffclfor of any Stave, by icafon ol their being rendered incapable of labour by fickncls, age, or snfirmitv, tec.

3, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Master, Owner,! or*P<;fll*flor of any Slave, whether in his or her own right, or as Attorney, Guardian, Trustee, Executor, or othmvife, shall distrard or turn away any such Slave by reason of such Slave being rendered incapable of labour by sickness, age, or infirmity, but every Master, Owner, or Possefibr, shall be and he is hereby obliged to keep every inch sick, infirm, disabled, or superannuated Slave on his estate or premises, and Co find and provide such Slave with wholesome necessaries of life, and not to suffer such Slave to be in want thereof, or to wander about and become burthenfomc to others, under the penalty of ten pounds for every offence, to be recovered in afummary manner before any two justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and required to cause any Master, Owner, or Possessor offending in the premises, or his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, ant! such other Persons as they shall judge necessary to be summoned before them, to enable them to judge of the justice of any such charge, and to determine whether such Master, Owner, or Possefibr ought to incur the aforesaid penalty} and in the mean time and until such trial can be had, the said Justices of the Peace, on their view, or on the informationof any white person on oath, are hereby required to take up any such wandering, fitk, aged, or infirm Slave}-and to lodge him or her in the nearest workhotife or other place of security, there, to be clothed and fed, but not compelled to work} at the expence of such Master, Owner, or Possefibr, until such .trial aforesaid can be had } and if it shall appear to the said Justices upon such trial that the party or parties complained of is or are guilty of the offence alledged, and he, /lie, or they, shall refuie to pay the said penalty, together with the workhouse-fees and charges of conv.i£bion, the /aid Justices.are hereby authorized and required to commit such offender or offenders to the next common gaol, there to remain until he. Hie, or they, shall pay the .fame.

4. And whereas by reason of-deaths or removals of Proprietors of Slaves, of their, being manumitted without any fuicable provision being-made for their maintenance, and from other causes, some unhappy objects, rendered unable to labour by disease, old-age, or other means, have become burthensome to‘the inhabitants}, for remedy whereof, be it further -enadbed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful for-the-Vestries of the fevoral parishes and islands once in every u wn'th^inLbi-ams once ye^ ro Ly a tax upon the.inhabits in the same manner as the parochial in every year,"for Uie pur- taxes are iifually laid, for the purpose of raising such sum as they shall pose of ratting a sum son judge necessary for the riiaintenance, cloathing, medical care, and attendee maiiitcncncc of such ance> of a|j fUGh Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves, or other unhappy

th?dSsor removaisof °bjects} and any two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and

Proprietors thereof,of their required, upon application being made to them, to order all such

being manumitted, without objetfts as- aforesaid to be removed and conveyed to the .workhouse of

any {unableprovision being ^ parish where (if a Slave) die former Owner or Owners, Proprietor made for the maintenance * , ', _ { _ , * , ? r

of the tame, or Proprietors- lived or resided, or (if a person of colour made free)

where the person or persons who manumitted or set free such person of colour resided before his or her manumifiioh, there to be lodged and taken case of; and the Justices of the Peace, and'Veflfies of the several islands and parishes, are hereby authorized and required from* time to time to make such-humane regulations for the purposes aforesaid, as to them-lhal) fcem-.-necessary and expedient.

, ^ , 5. And be it ‘further enacted by- the authority aforesaid. That every

Every Malbror-Ownerof n 11 1 • 1 ci • -

•Staves shall give them uvo Matter or Owner shall provide and give to every Slave in his or her

fiiits ofctoihcs every year, possession, two .suits of,proper and fulncientcloathing.in thecourse of every

under penalty off 50. year, under the penalty of fifty pounds for. each offence.

6.* And be it further-enabled- by the authority aforesaid, That all Masters and Owners, or in their absence their Overseers, shall, as much as in them lies, endeavour to instru£b rheir Slaves in the ChrifliamReligion, and shall do their endeavours to fit them for Baptism, and as soon as conveniently may be, shall cause to be baptized all such Slaves as they can make sensible of a Deity and of the Christian faith.

Every Master or Owner of Negroes ft j!« -in/lmit the-n in die Chi if-tian religion.

No Slave to be mutilated.

Or

7. And be it further enaiftsd by the authority aforesaid, That any Master, Owner, ocher person whatsoeve.r, who shall wilfully mutilate-any Slave, or cause, permit,

BAHAMAS. 5 B.

or suffer any Slave to be mutilated with his or her privity or consent, shall be liable to be indicted and prosecuted'in the General Colirt for the fame, and upon conviction shall be punishcd by fine not exceeding;one hundred pounds, and imprisonment hot exceeding twelve months for every offence, and such punishment is declared robe without preju^ dice.to any action that could or might be brought by the Owner or Proprietor for recovery of damages for or on account of the fame; and in cases where the Owner of any such Slave shall be guilty of any such offence, it shall and may be lawful for the Court, if it shall feemnece (fairy for the future protection of such Slave, to declare him or her to be free and discharged from all manner of servitude, to all. intents and purposes whatever; and in all such cases it shall and may *be lawful for the Court to order the fine to be paid to the Vestry of the parish to which such Slave belonged, to the use of the said parillvthe Vestry in consideration thereof paying to such Slave so made free an annuity of ten pounds during life ; and in case any Slave or Slaves shall suffer such mulilation as aforesaid* any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and 'required, oh view of the faCt, to fend such Slave to the nearest workhouse*. there to be kept and carefully attended at the expence of the parish, until such time as there .can be a meeting of the Justices and Vestry of such Parish, which Ju(lice's and Vestry are hereby' created a Council of Protection for such Slaves, and are authorized and required to make full enquiry respecting the mutilation of such Slave;, and if to them it shall appear proper shall cause the Owner or Owners of such mutilated Slave to be indicted and prosecuted; the expences of which prosecution shall be paid by the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in case the Owner or Owners’.of such Slave or Slaves shall be able to .pay the costs and: charges, of such prosecution, the Churchwardens and Vestry are hereby required to commence * a suit or suits against such Owner or Owners, in which they shall recover all costs and charges, by them laid out and expended- in such criminal prosecution. and Civil action; and the Keeper of the workhpufe to which any such Slave has been committed- is hereby required, upon due notice of the meeting of such Justices and Vestry, to produce such mutilated Slave or Slaves for their inspection,. under the penalty of twenty;pounds for every neglect.

8. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall No Court or Justice to not be lawful for any Court or Justice to pass any sentence whereby any Pass Sentence where-

Slave shall be directed to be mutilated or maimed for any offence ^ed^to be miudbted whatever.

9. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall wilfully and with malice aforethought, kill, or cause to -be killed any Negro or other Slave, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of felony and murder, and shall suffer death without benefit of Clergy; provided always, that no such conviction shall extend to the corruption of blood, or the forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods or chattels; any law, custoni, of usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

iothi And.be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall wantonly or cruelly whip, maltreat, beat, bruise, wound, imprison, or keep in confinement, without sufficient supporr, any Slave or Slaves, he, she, or they shall be subject to be indicted for the fame in the General Court, and Hiall suffer such punishment by fine or imprisonment, or both, as the Court shall think proper to inflict; and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any. action that may be brought for recovery cf damages, in case such Slave shall not be the property of the.offender. ‘ ’

Any person killing a Slave, or causing the fame to be done, shall be considered murderers.

Persons ariy-wife ill-treating Slaves subject to be indicted in the General Cou.\, &c.

11. And in order to restrain arbitrary punishments, be it further enacted by the No Slave authority aforesaid, That no Slave shall on.any account receive more than twenty tallies receive at any one time, or for any one offence, unless the Owner or .Employer of such Slave {"Ihes^ranv or ’Supervisor of the workhouse or Keeper of the gaol shall be present; and that no oac tjme>‘ Qr such Owner, Employer, or Supervisor, or Goal-keeper, shall on any account punish for any one a Slave with more than 39 lalhes at: pne time, and for one offence, nor infkdt or cr»c> &c. fiiffer to be inflicted any second punishment on riie lame day, nor until the delinquent 119. * a B shall

B. 6 SLAVE TRADE - WEST INDIES.

shall have recovered-from ,the effedtsof any- former punishment, under the penalty of ten pounds for every offence.

Owners of i2. And whereas it .is customary for Owners to commit their Slaves to the Slaves com- common gaol for flight offences, which are not punishable by this Act cbeii: therefore w gaol,'the ena(^cd> That in all cases where any Owner or Possessor of a Slave shall fend; him or Provost Mar- her to gaol for any such trivial offence, the Provost Marshal, or his deputy or lhal autho- .gaoler, shall forthwith take and receive such Slave into custody, and him or her ceive them" keep unt'l relented by the Owner j and- shall receive for his trouble three

&c> * shillings, together with one shilling for every day such Slave shall have remained in

gaol, provided such Slave shall have been maintained by the Provost Marshal.

Affixing iron ij. And whereas a mischievous practice hath prevailed-in some of the Colonies* collar with of punishing ill-disposed Slaves, ?,nd such as are apt to abscond from their Owners, barton the ty 6x'nS iron collars with projecting 'bars or hooks round their necks; be it enacted necks of and declared, That such pradti.ee is utterly unlawful, .and that no person fhalfon any Slaves unlaw- account whatever ptinifh any Negro or ether Slave, whether his own property or ful* otherwise, by fixing or causing to be fixed any .irpn or other collar round the neck of

such Slaves, or by loading the body or limbs of such Slaves with chains, irons, or weights of any kind, other than such as are abfoluccly nece'fliiry for securing the person of such Slave vvhiie in confinement, under the penalty of-fifty pounds j and any Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered, authorized, ami required, on information or vievv of such pfFence, to order such collar, chains, irons, or weights, to be immediately taken off, under the penalry of one hundred pounds for every negledb or refuialj

Christmas, holiday allowed to Slaves.

14. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Slave within these Islands shall be allowed the usual number of Christmas holidays, to' wit;. Christmas day, and the two following-working days.

Overseers absenting them- 15. And be it further enacted by the* authority aforesaid. That

selves from their Hama- every Overseer who shall absent himself from the estate under his care tionsonknriltmasnolidavs, 1 r ,

without leave of their ILffi- or management on any or the aforesaid holidays, without leave of his

ployers, to forfeit £.5. per Employers, shall for every such offence forfeit th.e sum of five pounds

day* for each day.

An account of the deaths i6. And be it further enacted by the authority1 aforesaid, That on

and births of Slaves on ^ c^ay of January which will be in the year of our Lord 1708,

each, Plantation to be given -

in upon oath to the Church- and 011 tIie nrft day of January in every succeeding year, or within thirty

wardens annually- days after the Owner, Manager* or Overseer of every plantation or set-

tlement within these Islands, shall give in upon oath to the Churchwardens and

Vestry of the parish, an account of all the births and deaths of the Slaves of such

plantation or settlement, under the .penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered from the

Owner of such plantation of settlement.

If the not giving in of such account shall be be

shall

through neglect, to

17. And be it further enafVed by the authority aforesaid, That if the not giving in such account shall be owing to the neglect of any Overseer liopped'outafthe*wages0f or Manager, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor, or the Overseer ucglcdling the Possessor of such plantation or settlement, to flop and detain the penalty

which he or she shall be compelled to pay, together with his or her costs and charges, out of the wages of such Manager or Overseer.

fame.

No Slaves shall leave their Owner’s plantation without a ticket from them.

18. And whereas it is absolutely necessary that Slaves should be kept indue obedience to their Owners, and in proper subordination to’the White Inhabitants.in general, that opportunities of committing rebellious conspiracies should as much as possible be taken away, and that adequate punishments should be appointed for all crimes committed by Slaves, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Slave such only excepted as are going with firewood,=grafs, fruit, provisions, or small flock, and other goods which they may lawfully fell, to market, and returning therefrom) shall hefeafier be suffertd to go out of his or her Mailer’s or Owner’s plantation or let dement, or to travel from one place to another, unless such Slave shall have a

BAHAMAS 7 B.

ticket from liisorlier Owner, Mailer, Employer, orQver.seer, :expressing p'articu']arly the time of such Slaves setting oiiti and where or to what place he *or flic is going, and the time limited for his or her return, under a penalty .norexceedingsforty Shillings for^every'offence, to be recovered from his or her Mailer, Owner, Employer, or Overseer, unless such Owner, Employer, or Overseer., shall make oath that he or fliedid give to the said Siave.such ticket as aforesaid, or that the ,laid Slave, went away withoutleavc.

19. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Negro or No Negro other Slave lit all be allowed to hunt any horned cattle, horlesj mares, mules, asses, cuf

or other animals, with lances, guns, cuclaflcs, or other arms, unless in :the company laffes, guns," of his MalleriOverieer, or some other white person,.or by his permission in writing; orothcrarms. and any Negro or other Slave who shall offend contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall suffer such punishment by whipping as any two Justices of the peace fhaHthink proper to inflict, not exceeding fifty lashes.

20. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any free Free Negroes Ne^ro, Mulatto, or Indian, in order to conceal any runaway Slave, or to prevent

.him or her from being apprehended, shall give any fraudulent pass or ticket to any harbouring such runaway Slave, he, (he, or they shall be deemed guilty of foVgery, and shall bc Slaves ho* liable to be prosecuted and tried for the lame in the General Court, and upon con- dealt wit^_ vidtion, shall suffer the loss of freedom, transportation, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper-to infiidt, not extending to life or limb.

21. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such fils giving

fradulent pass or ticket shall be given by any white person with.intent as aforesaid, fraudulent such white^person shall lie. deemed guilty of forgery, and shall be liable to be ihdidted P“ffcSf° and-tried for the fame before the General Court, and shall suffer such punishment, by toabeprore-? fine and imprifo.nment, as die Court shall think proper to inflidl. • cuted.

22. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ho No ticket to be granted ticket shall be granted to any Slave for any time exceeding one calendar *°caTOgntf,e for mere ^ month;

23. And be it further enacted, That every person from whole service Slaves absconding from any Slave shall abscond, shall within fourteen days thereafter give notice thereof by public advertisement, wherein shall be inserted the name and ‘ e

description of any such Runaway, by means whereof he or she may be more easily known and- apprehended } and in. case the Owner shall neglect so to do, he or she shall not be entitled to any satisfaction from the Trenfury for any such Slave executed or transported by virtue of this Act, for any:crinie what-

giv-

cn within fourteen days of the fame.

ever.

24. And be ic also enacted. That, it shall not be. lawful either to fell or buy any runaway Slave ; and that any person buying or selling any such Slave while absent, .shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

Runaway Slaves not to be sold or bought.

25. And be, it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all Slaves who shall have been in these Islands for the space of two years, and shall run away, and shall continue absent for a term not exceeding six months, shall, upon conviction before any two Justices of the Peace, suffer such punishment as the said Justices shall think proper to inflidl, non extending to life or limb.

Slaves being absent six months, their punishment not .to extend tolifeorlimb.

26. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave siaves.being absent up. who shall runaway from his Owner or lawful-Possessor, and be absent for wards offix,momhs to be more than fixmonths, being duly convidied, shall be sentenced to be trans- transported forlife or other-ported for.life, or shall suffer such other punishment, not extending to life or j|^°(>rb]imb? l° C*tCn to limb, as the Court shall think proper to inflidl.

27. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave who shall knowingly harbour or conceal any runaway Have, shall be liable to be tried for the aways*Bia!i fame as hereinafter directed, and upon conviction, shall fuller such puniflmient as the be liable to be Court shall think proper to inflidl, not extending to life or limb j and that any free nted for die

1 person

fame in the General •Court.

Slaves taking upRunaways, Sec. to be rewarded.

Slaves absenting ten days from their Owners or Employers and found tight miles diliancs from their Plantation, deemed a Runaway.

Free persons apprehending Runaways shall be entitled to aor. over and sbovc'tnile-jnoncy.

Slaves tnlr-ing or killing’ another in actual rebellion to be rewarded.

Terfons killing Slaves in the execution of this Act to give imnu-diate information.

Persons apprehending Slaves to convey him, her, or them to proper places, agreeable to this Act.

Proviso.

B. 8 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

person who shall commit such offence may be indicted and prosecuted for the fame in the General Court, and being convi<5ted, shall suffer such punishment* by fine and imprisonment as the Court shall think proper, according to the magnitude of the offence j and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to anj^action or fuie which rnay be brought-by the party injured for recovery of damages for anffott account of the fame.

28. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Slave who .shall take up any such Runaway, or inform against any person who shall harbour or conceal such runaway Slave, so that such Runaway may be taken and. restored to his or her Owner or Owners, shall be entitled to such reward as any two Justices of the Peace shall think reasonable and just, not .exceeding three pounds* to be paichby such per?-Ion or persons as the said Justices shall determine ought to pay the fame.

29. And whereas it is dangerous to the peace and safety of these I Hands to suffer Slaves to continue out as Runaways, and it is absolutely necessary to declare what Slaves shall be deemed Runaways; be it therefore enacted and declared, That, every Slave who shall be absent from his or her Owner or Employer without leave,” for ten days together, and shall be found at the di(lance of eight miles from the house plantation, or settlement, to which he or flic belongs, without a ticket or permit to pass (except as before excepted, in going to or returning from market) shall be deemed a Runaway.

30. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any free Person who shall apprehend any runaway Slave shall- be entitled to receive from thti Owner, Employer, Overseer, or Manager of such Slave, -the sum of twerity shillings and no more, besides mile money at the.rate of two shillings -per mile for the firftfive miles, and one Shilling per mile afterwards ; provided such Slave or Sl’aves had absented himself or herself ten days without, the privity, knowledge, or consent of the Proprietor, Owner, or other white person reflding oh the plantation or place to which such Slave shall belong, which time of absence shall be declared on the oath of such Proprietor, Overseer,or other white person as aforesaid, if required by the party taking up such-Slave; but it is the true intent and meaning of this Act, that every Person . who shall apprehend any Slave that is actually run away shall be entitled to the aforesaid reward, although such Slave shall not be eight miles from home, or although the aforesaid term of ten days shall not have eiapfed.

31. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave who shall take or kill another in actual rebellion, shall receive from the Churchwardens of the parish in which any such Slave shall have 'been killed the sum of five pounds, and ten pounds if taken alive, also a blue cloth, coat with a red cross on the right shoulder,. the whole expences whereof shall be reimbursed by the Receiver General for the time being, out of any money in his hands unappropriated.

32. And be it further enacted, That if any Slave shall be killed by any person or peilons in the execution of this Act, or under the authority of the same, the person or persons by whom such Slave may be killed, shall* as speedily as may be, give information thereof to some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to take his examination, and also the evidence or information of any other person or persons respecting the fame* and any white perf m or free person of colour killing such Slave, who shall neglect forthwith to give the information hereby required, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

33. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or per* fons apprehending any runaway Slave,.shall convey hini ;or her to his or her Owner, Employer, or Manager, if residenton the Island in which such Runaway shall have been apprehended, but if not therein resident, or if payment of the reward and other charges hereinbefore mentioned shall not be made, then to the nearest: gaol or work-house, the Keeper whereof is hereby authorized and required to receive such Slave into his custody, and to pay the party delivering such Slave the sum of twenty shillings, and mile money as aforesaid, and no more, under the penally of*fivcpoundsi provided nevertheless, that no Gaoler or Workhousekeeper, shall pay any such sum

BAHAMAS. 9 B.

or sums before'such person shall have taken an oath, which oath the Gaoler or Work-housekeeper shall file in his office, anti produce,when thereunto required by the Owner or Possessor of such Slave, under the penalty of five pounds, that the Slave so .apprehended was. at the reputed distance of eight* miles from the house, plantation, or settlement, to which such Slave belongs (except as is before excepted) and thac such Slave .had no ticket or permit-.in writing from his or her Owner or Poflefibr, Empioyer .or Overseer, at the time of being apprehended, and that such Slave had been first carried to his or her Owner, Employer, or Manager (provided such Owner or Manager shall be in the Island where such Slave shall be apprehended) and that payment of the reward and charges aforesaid was neglected or refilled to be made.

34. And, to the end that the Owners and Proprietors of Slaves so apprehended may obtain information of the goal or workhouse in which they are- confined, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Keeper, of every workhouse or goal shall anetthey are hereby icquired, once in every month, to advertise in the Bahama Gazette, or other public newspapers, and at the most public place in * the Iflarid on which said Negro shall be apprehended, the height, names, marks, and sex, and also the country (where the fame can be ascertained) of every runaway .-Slave then in his custody, and the time such "Slave was put into his custody, and. also the name or names of the Owner or Owners thereof, if known, under the penalty .of ten pounds for every neglect or omission, and for the expence of such advercife-menc, it shall and may be lawful for the Keeper of every gaol or workhouse to charge the Owner or Owners of each runaway Slave at and after the rate-of twelve flii.hings per month, and no more, and to detain any such Slave in custody until the fame, together with the charges of apprehension, and other fees .and poundage, after the rate of two shillings in the .pound, shall be paid, and also one shilling for every twenty-four hours such Slave shall have been in custody., for subsistence, and sixpence per day. for medical care and extraordinary, nourishment where neccfiary; and the Gaoler, Workhousekeeper, or Supervisor, shall attest every such account upon oath.

TheGao’cr to advertise once a month, the names of Runaway Slaves in hi* custodyi

V"

35. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid} That the Keeper of Ga0,"s t® every workhouse or gaol within these Islands .shall provide and furnish every Slave and^whole- * confined in such workhouse or gaol, a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome soir.eprovi-provisions, according to the allowance hereinbefore required to be given upon plan-' Sons for tations, under the penalty of ten pounds for every riegledl.

36. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after any runaway Runaway Slave shall have been in the custody of the Provost Marshal, or of the Keeper of any Slaves, after workhouse or gaol, and shall have been duly advertised as aforesaid for the space thV”

of twelve calendar months, if no person shall claim such Slave, and pay the fees and Gaoler 12 other monies hereinbefore direcded, it shall and may be lawful for the Provost Mar- months, whe dial," or for the Keeper of such gaol or workhouse, to fell every such Slave at l.at puW,c public outcry to the highest bidder, and that the monies arising from such Slave shall au l0R‘ be applied in the first place towards payment of the expences of taking up, keeping, andadvertifing such Slave, together with all other ices and charges hereinbefore mentioned, and the overplus (if any.) shall be paid into the public Treasury, to be applied towards the contingent expences of this Government} and all receipts and bills of sale made by the Provost Marshal, or the Keeper of any gaol or workhouse (as the case may be) are hereby declared to convey a good and sufficient title to the Pin-chafer or Purchafets of any such Slave, and to be a bar of the right of the former Owner or Owners 5 provided always, that every such sale beat the usual place of public auctions in the town of Nafiluvbetween the hours of ten and twelve o’clock in the forenoon, thac thirty days notice thereof be given in the Bahama Gazette, or other public newspaper, mid that previous to every such foie, every such Slave be carried before a Magistrate, who is hereby required to examine whether such Slave has been duly advertised, and whether lijs or .her marks and deferip-^tion agree with the advertisement, and to certify the lame it found accurate or -sufficient.

119. zC 37.

B. 10 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

<5aoIcr not to work or lend any Runaway Slave.

Slaves after

having been confined, making their escape, and being retaken, to be punished by whipping.

Slaves after

Slaves killed in defence of his country, the Q>*ner to be paid out of the Treasury for the far.:c.

Tcrfnns sufferingan assemblage of Negroes to caul'e the fame to be dispersed.

37, And be it further enacted by the authority.aforesaid, That no Gaoler of Work-

housekeeper shall, on any pretence whatever, employ any Slavcjenuo. his custody on any plantation belonging to him or in.his poflefilon, nor hire nor lend any fitch. Slave to work for any other person or persons, under the penalty of fifty pounds for every offence. r

38. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Negro or other Slave who shall be confined in any workhouse or other .place of confinement, and shall escape therefrom before trial, or the expiration of his or her sentence, upon being retaken, and proof being made of his or her identity before any two Justices of the Peace, shall be adjudged to be sent back to confinement, and shall receive punishment by whipping, not exceeding fifty lashes.

bring con- 39. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the

fined, making their efcnpe provost Marfnal, or any of his deputies, or any Constable, Gaoler, or

Martial o^om'-r Xfer Workhousekeeper, shall willingly or negligently suffer any Slave to escape, neglefling the fame to for- so that such Slave shall not be retaken,' such Marshal, Constable, Gaoler, feir £.20. or Workhousekeeper,. shall forfeit a funi not exceeding twenty pounds,

without prejudice to the owner’s action of damages.

40. And be it further enacted, That if any Negro or other Slave at any time of invnsion, or appearance of an enemy, shall be killed in the service of the country, the Owner shall be paid out of the .public Treasury the full value of such Slave, to-be ascertained by any two Justices of the Peace,

41. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if any Master, Owner, Guardian, or Attorney of any plantation, or settlement, shall suffer any ft range Slaves exceeding twelve in number, to assemble together, and be3t their drums, or blow their horns or fhcJls, in any place under his, her, or their care or management, or shall not endeavour to disperse or prevent their meeting, by giving notice thereof to the next Magistrate or commissioned Officer, that a proper force may be sent for the purpose, every Master, Owner, Guardian, or Attorney, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, provided information of such offence be given upon oath within five days after the* commifuon of such offence.

42. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all Officers, civil and military, shall be arid'they arc hereby empowered and required to enter into any place whatever, in oider to disperse any unlawful assembly of Slaves, and to suppress and prevent all riotous unlawful drumming or other noise; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

43. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slaves who (Hail hereafter be found to have concealed in his or her house, or otherwise in his or her possession, any fire-arms, gunpowder, slugs or ball, shall, on conviction before two Justices, suffer such punishment as the said Justices shall think proper to infliCt by whipping.

44. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave who shall offer violence by striking or otherwise,. to any white person, shall be punished with death, transportation, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper to infliCt, provided such conflict or striking be not by command of the Owner of such Slave, or of his or her Attorney, Overseer, or other person having authority over such Slave, or in the lawful defence of his Owner’s person or goods.

45. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any Negro or other Slave shall mix or prepare, with intent to give any poison or poisonous drug, or shall actually give or caul’e to be given any such poilbn or poisonous drug, although death may not ensue from the taking thereof, such Slave, together with all and every accefTary and accessaries, as well before as after the faCt, (being Slaves) being thereof duly convicted, shall suffer death, transportation for life, or such other punishpr.ent as the Court shall think proper.

OlHerrs authorised to enter nnv place whatsoever to difpetfe any unlawful .1 f-dembly of Negroes.

Slaves found concealing arms, ammunition, &c. to be punished.

Slaves {hiking or offering any violence to any white person, to suffer death, &c.

Slaves mixing or preparing poison shall llffcr death or transportation.

BAHAMAS. 11 B.

[Slaves

46. And whereas horned cattle, ffieep', horses, marcs, mules, and asses, arcfre- ? Iav“ quently ftoien and-killed by N.egro and other Slaves in so secret arid.priyatea manner, je^/huhVir as to render con vision very difficult i for prevention thereof, be it further enacted, -pdfetfibn That if any Negro or other Slave or. Slaves (lull fraudulently have in his, her, or frcjl. their possession, any freffi beef, mutton, or veal, or the fleffi of any horfc, mare, mule, be punished, or afs, in any quantity exceeding, five and not exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight, every .such Negro or. other Slave shall, upon conviction before any two Justices of the Peace, be whipped in such manner as such Justices shall direct,. not exceeding.thirty-nine laffies ; and if there-shall be found .fraudulently-as aforesaid ip his, her, or their custody or possession, a larger or greater quantity than forty-eight pounds weight of such beef orother fleffi, that then every such Negro or other Slave shall suffer such punishment as the Justices shall think proper to inflict, not extending to life or limb. ‘

47. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or slave* ftcai-other Slave shall feloniously steal any horned cattle, ffieep, goat, hog, Horse, mare, ing cattle t® gelding, mule, or afs, or shall kill any such horned cattle, ffieep, goat, hog* horse, bc panUhed. mare, geiding, mule, or. afs, with intent to steal the fame, or any part of the fleffi thereof, such Negro or other Slave shall suffer death, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper to inflict.

48;. And whereas several Slaves Have lately, found means to depart from these skfei Islands, to the great damage-of their Oxvners, and to the evil example of other Slaves of0^° craft who may thereby be induced to attempt or conspirc to do the fame; and whereas tobetranf-there is reason to suspect that Slaves have been, aided and assisted in their departure ported or by other persons, and no adequate punishments -are provided by law for such offences; for remedy thereof, be at further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if m e * any .Negro, or other Slave, shall run away from his or her Owner or .Owners,

Employer or Employers, and go off, of conspire and attempt to go off these islands in. any ship, boar, canoe, or other vessel or craft whatsoever, or be aiding, abetting, or assisting to any other Slave or Slaves in deserting and going, off these islands^'he, flie, or they so running.or going off, or confpit ing and attempting.^) go off, or aiding, assisting, or abettingdn such going off, being thereof convicted, shall suffer transportar tion, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper to inflitt, not extending to life or limbi . K

49. And be.it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any free Negro, s.lave* Indian, or Mulatto, shall be aiding, assisting, and abetting any Slave or Slaves in shv« »nde* deserting and going off these Islands, and shall be thereof convicted, he, ffic,or they ferting, to be shall'be subject to be transported from these Islands by the Provost Marshal, or his transported; deputy; and any-such Person so conviited, sentenced, and transported, who shall afterwards bc found at large within these Islands, shall suffer- death without benefit these Hhnd* of Clergy. to suffer

50. And-be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,'That any white person white per-who shall knowingly be aiding, assisting, or*abetting any Slave in deferring and going son* affixing off these Islands, shall forfeit the sum of £. 100, and shall also suffer imprisonment •'Slave tode-for any space of time not exceeding twelve months, without bail or mairiprize; and j|rt 10 r°rfeit such punishment is declared to be without.prejudice to any _ suit.or attion which may 10°‘ be brought or had by the party injured for the recovery of damages for and on account of the lame.

51. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Personiafiift-

lawful to proceed against the person or persons so aiding, assisting, or abetting such jnfowgoffto

Slave or Slaves in going off these Islands, whether the principal or principals be be proceeded

convicted or not; any thing in this or any other Act, or any law, usage, or custom, whe-

to the contrary notwithstanding. Pr,n*

' ° cipal be con-

52. And be it further enacted, That no Negro or other Slave fluff, on any pretence, or not.

barter or carry about for falcor barter any dry goods of any kind whatever, and it No S,P*so

it shall and may be lawful for atiy white Person to take and seize all such goods, ferule any

and to deliver them to the Provost Marshal, or his deputy, who shall forthwith dry goods of

XI9. fell »ny kind.

B 12. SLAVE TRADE. - WEST INDIES.

No Negro or other Slave toucuiiany fp rituous liquors.

No Slave shall play at dice, cards, or other gaming.

Upon com* plaint being made of any robberies,&c. to any Justice of the Peace to ifiuc his warrant.

Pfvviso.

sell the same at. public auction, and pay the net proceeds thereof into the public Treasury.

53. And be it further enacted, That no Negro or other Slave shall vend or retail any spirituous liquors whatsoever; and if any Slave, without,the knowledge of his or her Owner or Employer, shall fell or vend any fpjrituous liquors whatsoever, such Slave for every such offence shall be publicly whipped by .order of any two Justices of the Peace; but if it /hall appear to have been done >vith the knowledge of his or her Owncror Employer, then and in that case such Owner or Employer shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered in manner hereinafter directed.

54. And be it further enacted, That every Slave who /hall play at dice or cards, or be guilty of any other kind of gaming, /hall be publicly whipped by order of any two Julliccsof the Peace j and any Keeper of a tavern or punch-house who shall suffer any Slave or Slaves to game, get drunk, or tipple in or about his or her house, /hop, or premises, or to remain in or about the fame after the hour of eight of the dock at night, or shall at any other time fdl rum or any other spirituous liquors to any Slave, to whom he or flic shall have been forbidden by the Owner or Employer of such Slave to fdl liquor, or shall suffer any such Slave, after having been so forbidden, to loiter or remain in or about his or her house, shop, or premises, shall forfeit tiic sum of twenty pounds.

55. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That-upon complaint being made to any Justice of the Peace of any burglary, robbery, burning of hpufes, rebellious conspiracies, compassing or imagining the death of any white pejrfon or persons, or any other felonious offence whatsoever committed by any Slave or Slaves, and which is hereby declared or made punishable with death or transportacion, such Justice shall issue his warrant for apprehending such offender or offenders, and for all persons that can give evidence, to be brought before him or atiy other Justice of the Peace, and the evidence of Slave against Slave shall in all cases be received?, and if upon examination, the charges shall appear to be well founded, the Justice before whom such examination shall be had and taken shall commit the accused to prison, and bind over the witnesses to appear at a certain day, not less than ten or more than thirty days from the day on which the complaint shall have been made, at the place where the Quarter Sessions are usually held, or place of public meetings, and shall certify to any other Justice of the Peace the cause of such commitment, and-require him to aflodate himself with him, which the .said J uflice is hereby required to do, under the penalty of forty pounds; and the said Justices, so affoeiated, shall issue their warrant to summon seven persons, Inch as arc liable to serve on ordinary Juries (the Slave Owner or Proprietor of the Slave or Slaves so complained of or the Attorney, Guardian, Overseer, or Manager of such Owner or Proprietor, or the person. prosecuting him, or her Attorney, Guardian, Overseer, or Manager already excepted) personally to be and appear before the said Justices, at the day and place appointed for trial, between the hours of eight and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, and when and where the said Justices shall cause the accused to be brought before them; and thereupon five of the persons so summoned shall (the charge or accufatiod being first reduced ro writing, and read) be (worn to try the matter before them, ann give a vcrdidl according to evidence, which charge or accusation shall not be questioned for any want of form, but shall be deemed valid if fufiicicnc in fubllance; and if the said Jurors shall, upon hearing the evidence, unanimously find the said Slave or Slaves guilty of the offence of which he, (he, or they band charged, the said J uflices shall give lenience of death, without benefit of Clergy, or transportation for life, according to the nature of the offence,-and shall cause such lenience to be carried into execution at. such time and place as they shall think proper (women with child only excepted, whose execution shall be respited until a reasonable tune alter delivery); provided always nevertheless, that the Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, refidenc upon any of the Islands -within this Government (one of whom to be always of the Quorum and Cullos Rotulorum of the island) shall and may hereafter hold Slave Courts upon the first Tuesday in April, July, and October in every year, to continue and beholden for

BAHAMAS. 13 B.

five days fuccdfively (if necessary) and not longer, and shall hayc full pqwcr and authority to enquire into, hear, and determine ‘ all and all mariner of felonious offences, committed by Slaves, and shall open the said Court by proclamation, declaring the fame to be a Slave Court for such purpose, and that the said Guftos Rotulorum and any other Justice shall thereupon, in like manner in* all respect as two Justices associated as hereinbefore mentioned are by this Act authorized and empowered to proceed to try and deliver the tvorkhouse or goal within the Island or Parish ofall Slaves who shall be in custody of the Gaoler or Workhousekeeper, charged . with any of the felonious offences hereinbefore mentioned, and shall caufp a Jury to be called and taken from the panncl returned to the said Court forthwith, to be fwdrn,

.as they shall appear, to try all and every such Slave as shall be brought before them, charged with any of the aforesaid offences, and to give a true verdict according to •evidence as in other cases.

. 56. Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of any Pro.yift. ‘Slave Court, or extraordinary Trial, tc> respite the execution -of any sentence by them given for any term not exceeding -thirty days, or until the picafyrc $f the Commander in Chief shall be known, in case proper cause shall appear to them for *so doing, or the Jury shall recommend the prisoner to mercy.

57. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That not Not left tlun two Jo.'Here Icfs than two Justices and five Jurors shall constitute a Court for the trial of any Slave or Slaves for any crime or oficncc that shall subject triaiofNcgrotiY such Slave or Slaves to suffer death or transpor.tation; and that upon any such trial no peremptory challenge of any Juror, or any exception to the form of indictment, shall be allowed. . . n

v

58. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where ‘In.all cases the punishment -of death is to be inflicted, the execution shall be performed in some death public place, -and with due solemnity, and care shall be talvcn by the Gaoler, Confta- fl;a°caCthc blc, or Mnt'ilial, that the -prisoner be free from intoxication at the time of his trial execution and execution, and the mode of such execution-shall be lunging by the neck and no shall be j*er--pthcr, and the body shall afterwardsbe disposed of as the Court shall diprft; provided

-always, that .where several Slaves .arc capitally convicted for the fame offence, one only mC P *CC* .shall .suffer death, except .in cases of murder* or rebellion.

59. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That any Slave* jpvingfalfcevideiice Slave wilfully giving ftlfc evidence on any trial to be had tinder this (u*rcr \hc fa?c Pa* Act, shall suffer the fame .punishment as the person or persons on whole ”!^nlail,cPcr oncoa" .trial such false evidence was given, would, if convicted, have been liable to

•suffer, or such other punishment as the Justices shall award, not extending .to life *.or limb.

60. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when In case of death or dif-

uny Slave or Slaves shall be discharged by proclamation, or shall die in *Mar<l)sl or

custody, the Marflinl, Gaoler, or Workhousekeeper, shall.be entitled to -rCeC»ve a?l fce'for'such receive out of the public T re a fury all such fees as shall be due for such Slave from the Treasury. .'Slave or Slaves at the time of such discharge or death.

61. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a record shall be A record of •entered up of all proceedings upon the trials of Slaves, for any crime that shall be g^*"*1* •punishable- with death or transporration, in a book to be kept for that purpose by the j:ept ty. t^e

Clerk of the Peace, who is hereby required to attend all such trials, and to record Clerk of the .the proceedings within thirty days after such trial, under penalty of twenty pounds Peace, for every such neglect, and he shall be entitled, upon producing the certificate of the Justices, to have and receive out of the public Treasury the sum of three pounds •for attending each trial, and for entering up the record, and any other business iu-. cident thereto, and no more.

62. And be it further enacted, That the Constables of the respective I (lands and •Distrifts -shall be obliged to attend every such trial or Court under the penalty of of Slaves.

• ’twenty pounds for each neglect, and that the Constable executing any sentence shall under tie Peng, :D [jC naltyof^.eo.

B. 14

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

No trial dull be had until notice be given to the owners. See. of Slaves’.

Slaves receiving lenience of death. &c. to be valued by the Jury.

be entitled to receive out of the public Treasury the Turn of forty shillings, upon ' producing the certificate of the Justices as aforesaid. '

Persons neglectfhg or re- 63. And be it further enacted* That any person who shall be drawn and fusing to attend the tmis ^ujy fuirimoned to serve as a Juror on any trial to be had by virtue of £6' av€i> a or eit this Act, and who shall neglect to attend, or after appearance shall depart.

without leave, shall forfeit the sum of fix ^pounds.

64. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no trial of any Slave shall be had, until after reasonsblc and.suficient notice of such trial shall have been given to the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave, or to his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, or other Rcprcfcntative or Representatives, where any such can be conveniently found within the Colony ; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

0

65. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cases where any Slave shall receive fentcoce of death or trailfportation, the Jury shall appraise and value such Slave, and the Justices flmll certify such valuation; provided always, that such valuation shall not exceed in any case sixty pounds for any one Slave, and provided also, if it shall' appear that the Owner or Possessor offoch Slave had*

* treated him or her with .inhumanity", and that nccclfity or hard usage-. might have

driven Tfuch Slave to the comniillioii of the offence of which, be or flic shall have.-been convicted, that then and* in such case ho valuation shall be made,'nor certificate-granted, and the Owner shall not be entitled to receive any allowance whatever for such Slave from the public. . - -

Slaves cxc- 66. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where !Tish&»id any Slave valued as aforesaid shall be executed or transported, by virtue of this: Ad, fbro«Cof!hc such Slave shall be paid for at the public expence, and .the iice money arising from public trea- the file of any such Slave fold fortfanfportation (hallJ be accounted for on oath by fury. the Provost Marshal or his deputy? and' paid oyer to the Receiver. General for the

use of the public.

SUv« returning to these 67. And be it further enacted by the aiuhority aforesaid, That any Negro jflandi, after being trani- or other slave who shall be transported from thcfclflantls by virtue-bf this por.e , to u ter ca . an(] Hiatt wilfully return from transportation, shall, upon conviction*

suffer death without any benefit of Clergy.

-When my 6S. And be it further enacted by the auchority aforesaid, That when any warrant Slave cannot Hiall be granted by any one or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace against warrant*'ay W Slave who cannot be taken, the Owner, Attorney, Poflifihr, Guardian, or copy thereof Overseer of every such. Slave, shall be fervcci with a copy of the said warrant, and if ftwtibe he, file, or they do not fend or produce such Slave to the Justice or Justices to bfe Ownerfccrc- ^ea*c v*^ according to law, and it shall afterwards be proved that such Owner, Ac-0k ’ torney, Guardian, Possessor, or Overseer, wilfully detained or concealed such Slave, he, fhc, or they shall forfeitihe lum of one hundred pounds^

All Negroes, &c. that have go. And be it further enacted, That, all such Negroes, Mulattoes,

free, fhalVfor aluSce* ^ut^ccs» antl Indians, as have been Slavs s, and have been or shall be made under the degte of felony, foe, shall, for all misdemeanors and offences under the degree of felony, be tried in a manner as di- be tried and adjudged in manner and Form hereinbefore directed for the redUd for the trul ofSlavcs. tr|aj of Slaves, and the evidence of a Slave or Slaves shall be admitted on such trials; any law, ufuage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Offences 70. And whereas misdemeanors and offences of inferior degrees are frequently bySbves, committed by Slaves, which ought to be punished in a summary manner; be it furbelow felony the* sna&ed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, for any two shall be heard Justices of the Peace, in a summary manner, to hear and determine all crimes and *n*n*dbrf roifdemcanors below felony committed by any Slave or Slaves, giving sufficient notice wo Magi?6 to the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves, or his, her, or their Attorney or mtes. e Attornies, or the person having the care of such Slave or Slaves, of the. time and

place

4?

BAHAMAS.

1*

[daceof trial} and to order and direct such punishment to be inflicted on any such Slave as the said Justices irf their diicretion shall think fit, not exceeding fifty iaflies; and the Constable attending such trial, and executing any such sentence, fhnil b?e entitled to have and receive ten shillings, to be paid by the Mdfter, Owner, or PoflefloY of such Slave or Slaves, on non-payment whereof it (Hall and may be lawful for the Justices to ifiite their warrants for levying the lame, together with costs and charges..

71. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no run- Runaway Slave* to be edrii-away Slave shall oh afiy account be committed to gaol by any Magistrate of ^“^“j^ofk”ourC|an<l a parish where there shall be a workHdufe established, but to such work-

^ouse only.

72. And be it ehafted, That iri all cases in which by thisprefenc Ait, or I" all case* -vherc power \i

} r veiled in the Justices and

Vestry, such power shall

by any other Act of th^General Assembly, in power ot auiliority is veiled in the Justices and Vdtries, such power and authority shall be executed by bs executed by justices

the Justices or any two of them In 1 Hands where there are no Veftricsj or by where no Vestry 0* the out the Vcftrymcn or any fix of them in lfiands where there arc no Justices. iflandt, or by the Vestry

4 4 " * ii no Juftsccs thereon.

73. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures Rorfcicurw

and penalties-given by. this Act, for which the recovery and application have not notlfcln> * been, otherwise directed, shall, if hoc.cxcceding twenty pounds, be recovered in a oihcrwltcdi-summary way before any two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and shall be refled, if not levied; together with costs, by distress and fa!c of the offender’s goods and chattels, exceeding^ and if exceeding twenty pounds,', shall be recovered, together with costs, in the Genera! £Co°vJcd in Court of these lfiands, by action of debt, bill, plaint, of information, wherein ho a.summary cfloign, proreftion, wager of law, or non vult ulterius prosequi, shall be allowed or way, before fcntered, one moiety of which penalties shall be to the use of the parish where the and if offence shall have-been committed, and the other moiety to the informer or to him, above £.ao,. her, or them, who shall fuc for the fame. i» ihcGcncrat

Court.

74. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act, and condemned every clause, matter, and tiling therein contained, shall continue and be in force for cfthiiAA,° and during the term of two years from the passing thereof, and from thence-to the

end of the then next session of the General Assembly, and no longer.

Pafi*ed the House Assented to, the

of Assembly; ntli May 1797.

13th April 1797. John Forbes*

thorns Robert Speaker.-

Passed the Council, 5th May 1797.

iR. Hunt.

Bahama Islands, 7 « , ,

New Providence. J Secretary5 Office.

I do certify, That the above is a true copy*from die original Act deposited in this Office.

Mam Chrvjtie Secy.

119.

eE

<snip>

BAHAMAS. 17 B.

<snip>

E.

DOMINICA.

Ordered to be printed 8th June 1804.

(2.) In Mr. President Matson’s of the 22d June 1799.

DOMINICA. 8 E.

(Copy.) An Act to revive and make perpetual an Act of this Island, intituled “An Act for the encouragement, protection, and better government of Slaves.“

Whereas an Act of the Legislature of this Island, intituled, “An Act for the encouragement, protection, and better government of Slaves," is expired, and having been found highly beneficial to the colony, it is necessary and expedient to revive and to make perpetual the same. We, your Majesty’s dutiful, loyal, and obedient

DOMINICA. 9 E.

subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty’s Island of Dominica, humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained:

And* be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by .the authority-aforesaid, That .the said Act, intituled,'« An Act for the encouragement,- protection, and better -go-M vernmentof Slaves,’* be and the fame is hereby .revived, and made perpetual.

Pa fil'd the House of Assembly this fifteenth day of March one thousand fev’en .hundred .and ninety-three. .Simon Frqfer,

Speaker.

‘F. Collins,

Clerk of the Afibmbly.

Palled the Council, in the Council Chamber, this fifteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

'Griffin; Curtis',

Clerk of the Council.

Aflcnted to this fifteenth day of March1, one thousand fe.vcn hundred and ninety-three, and in the .thirty-third year of His Majesty’s reign.

James Fruce.

Dominica.—- Duly publi filed in the town of Roseau, this fifteenth-day of March, in she year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

James Laing,

Provost: Marshal.

(A true copy.)

G. Salton,

Acting Sect and Res'.

(3.) In Mr. President Matson’s of the 22d June 1799.

(Copy.)

DOMINICA.

An Act, for the Encouragement, Protection, and better Government of Slaves.

[Preamble.]

Whereas the different Acts of this Jfiand, for the government and protection of Slaves are expired; and whereas it is highly expedient that a system of laws for the encouragement, protection, and- better government of Slaves,* founded on ^principles of policy, jnflice, and humanity, should be enacted: We your Majesty’s dutiful, loyal, and obedient subjects, the. Governor, Council, and AiTem-bly, of this your Majdiy’s l iland of Dominica, do humbly pray yourmofl. Excellent, Majesty,. that it may be enacted and ordained

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That every Owner, W enter. Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves, shall feedor cause to be fed all fuel) Slave or Slaves as shall be under his, her, or their care, with a fnlficienc quantity of good and wholesome food, and shall give them good and-sufficient cloathing, and fi)all provide dry and comfortable lodging for them; and in case of the sickness of any of the said Slave or Slaves, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall provide for the said Slave or Slaves proper medical affifiance and advice? and the said Owner, Renter,Manager, or Overseer, dial! provide within the boundary of his, her, or their plantation or lot of land, comfortable lodging, whole-fonie food, and medical assistance for all and every old, infirm, and distempered Slave or Slaves j and if any Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves, shall neglect to feed and clothe his, her, or their Slave or Slaves} or shall

119. 5 C neglect,

E.

Dominica.

Preamble.

Clause i. Owners, Renters, Mi-* nagers, &c. of Slaves, shall whole-fomcly feed, fufHcicndy clothe, comfortably lodge, and provide proper medical adiihnce in, case of f»ck-nefs, within

E. io

9

SLAVE T.RADE—WEST INDIES.

thpr Plama- ne^lcdl, in case of sickness, to provide for the {aid Slave or Slaved proper medical orhtvUfor 2HiiIflncc and advice, and comfortable lodging; or {hall neglect to provide comforc-ihcirfaid able lodging, whokfome food, and medical assistance for all and every old, infirm, Slaves; and'dist'empered Slave or Slaves, within the-Boundary of'his/her* or their plantation or lot of land, such Owner, Renter, Manager, or -Over.seer, (hall-be fined in alum not exceeding one. hundred pounds, at. the discretion of three or more Magistraces, for a negkft of any of the regulations laid .down by this clause; which sum shall be under the penalty of 1<-’V,CCI % warrant under their hands and feais, on the goods and chattels jQ.ioo. to be 'levied by of the offender or offenders, and directed to any Constable or Constables uiitrefs, and paid imo tKc <jf this Island, and paid into the public Treasury of this Island for tlfe public Treasury. public llfes thereof.

Preamble. And whereas it is expedient, .that the Slaves in this Iflandfbould be encouraged, as much as possible, in the cultivation of their grounds, for the ;better subsistenee of Clause s. themselves and families j be it and it is hereby further Cnafted and

Cwners, Renters, &c. of ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the. Owner, Renter, Manager, Slaves, shall allot to each or Overseer of such Slave or Slaves, shall have the option of feeding his, -of them a pornoacf hnd ]icr or their :Slavcs^ by’allowing them a fuffiejent quantity .of good and

for cultivation of food, , n r t '

and time hr cultivating wholesome food, or by allotting to-each and every of them a suficient

thereof, over and above -portion of land for. that purpose, and certain times for cultivating it, those day5 prescribed; over anc} above the Sundays and holidays hereinafter prescribed; provided always, that the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, in case under a penalty of^.too. the said Slave or Slaves should not have received proper and suficient to be lrvied and applied as food and nourishment, shall be fined in a sum not exceeding one hutidred before directed. pounds, to be levied and appropriated in manner and form, as directed

, b.y the first-.clause of this Act. . -

Renter*, &c. every Sunday

Preamble. And whereas a knowledge of the doftrincs, and a due attention to the exercise of the duties of the Christian Religion, would tend to improve the morals, and to advance Clause 3. the temporal and eternal hagpinefs of the Slaves; be it and it is hereby

further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers, or one of them, shall, on every Sunday, oh their several estates and plantations, and at the moll convenient time of the day, convene together the Slaves of the said .clinic or plantation, for the purpose of performing divine worship; and the said Owners, Renters., Managers, or Overseers, shall not fail to exhort all mrfle and female Slaves who may be unbaptized, to receive the holy sacrament of baptism j and all the unbaptized children of Slaves shall, afrer the publication of this Act, recei ve the said faeramcnc of baptism; and on negkft of the performance of chefe duties, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Over-I’Ccr, shall .be fined -in any sum.not lcfs than ten pounds, rjo’r more than twenty-five pounds, to be rccovered. and appropriated in manner and form as directcdLy the-.first: clause of this Act.

Owners, ftiilil,

c.'itveuc their Slaves for divine worftiip ; snd' exhort i.:cm to baptu’m, and cause their children to be baptised;

under a penalty r.o: less than £. jo. nonmorc than jC,25*

Clause 4. Owners, &c. /hall exhort their Slaves, when of 111a-turhy, to Christian ‘ marriage; under £.5. penalty.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers of all the Slaves who may be arrived at the years of maturity, and who may be desirous of entering ir.to a connubial Hate, shall encourage and exhort such Slave or Slaves to receive the ceremony of marriage, asinstituted under the forms of the Christian Religion ; and, iri neglect of doing so, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or-Overfccr, shall be jsubject to a-fine of five pounds, to be rccovered.and appropriated in .manner and form as prescribed by the first clause of this Act.

Preamble. And whereas a relaxation from labour on certain days in the year, and an indulgence in innocent recreations and amusements, would tend to improve the health, and CJ add to the contentment of the Slaves; be it and it is hereby further

sw;(HooV‘stm«., enacted and ordamed by the authority sforefuUI, That the Slaves in this Stock Keepers, and Watch. Jfiand, (House Servants, Stock-keepers, and Watchmen excepted) shall mca excepted) Hull be not be required to labour for their Mailers and Owners on any Sunday

throughout

D Q M J N I C A.

Jr>

ii E.

throughout 'the year, on -Christmas-day, New Year's-day, Good Friday, exempted from labour on and the fifteenth day-of August; and *in case any one *of the said holidays ^unday» Chnftmaj-day, should fall one on a Sunday, then the Wedpefday following is*to be allowed and August »?th

such Slave or Slaves in lieu of such Sunday'. ' 2 J

Andbc it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clause <5. That any'Slave or Slaves oh any Plantation, Or in any house in the said Wand, are Slave* may hereby permitted, by and with the consent and approbation of the said Owners,

Renters, Managers, or Overseers of the said Slaves on each and every estate and mufieforthe plantation in the said I-stand, and-by and with a written permission of any two Magis- ‘purpose of traces in.any pfehe towns of the.faidifland, to life any instrument ofmufic for the pur*:

•pofc of dancing, or in the indulgence of any innocent amusement,; provided the said anuircmenu cjancing and amufemems arc not .allowed to continue after the setting of the fun, if in hc^otufedaf-the town of Jftofcau, or after eight o’clock in the evening, if on plantations; and in jer fun-set in case of the non-observance of any of the said .regulations, the said O.wner, Renter,

Manager, or Overseer, of the said Slave or Slaves, or the Constable or Confhbles in inthccven-the towns of this Jflnncl, shall be fined, (thac is to say) all Owners, Renters, Mana- ing on planners, and Overseers, fomeglefb of. any of the regulations contained in this and the fore- Wl01}*’w,th going clause, in alum not exceeding twenty pounds;.and every Constable or Cooftablcs r^®“ shall be fined in a sum not under twenty shillings, nor above five pounds, for neglect of the regulations laid down by this clause, and not preventing and putting a stop to such dancing, after having received information thereof; the Bid .fine or fines xo be recovered, uporl conviction before one or more Justices of the Peace, and appropriated in manner* and form as directed by the first clause of this Act.

PrcaRib'c.

And, in order to iccure, as far as possible, the. good treatment of the Slaves, and to Clauic 7. .ascertain the cause of the decrease of die Slaves, if any such there may be; be it, and &c

it is hereby further.enabled and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That every Owner, of Slaves, to* Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves, on every estate and planca- make a ce/ti-tion in this Island, or fomc one of them, {hall, in the month of January in every year, 6c«c a”‘i deliver in on oath, before any Justice of the Peace for this'! Hand, a certificate of the nu*UyCaHft*of incrcnfe or decrease of the Slaves under his, her, or their diredli.on, how.many have been birth* and born; or how many have died, within twelve.months previous therero, an tithe cause of deaths offci* the death of such Slave or Slaves, to the bed of his, her, or their knowledge and belief;

Which certificate shall.be lodged within ten days after the dace thereof in the Secrc- judged in the tary's office of this jstand, for the filing of which the Secretary ftnll be allowed the Clerk Regis-fec of nine pence currency for each certificate; and if any O wner, Renter, Manager, «r'* office; or Overseer, (ballfail to deliver in the said certificate on oath at the time appointed by this clauic, he, she, or they ffiail be fined in the sum of fifty pounds current money, to £.50. to be be recovered and appropriated in manner prescribed by the first clause of this Act. appropriated

as aforesaid.

And whereas it is necessary to ascertain and. fix a proper distindtion in the gr.ida- Preamble, dons and local conferences of crimes committed by the Slaves in this Island, with Clause punishments annexed and corref|.or.ding thereco; be it and it is hereby further enabled ^!ive? c?n’ and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all and every Slave or Slaves, who rob,

shall be convicted of the wilful murder, or who shall have been accessary thereto, of bery, b’ur-any white person, free person of colour, or Slave, or who shall be convicted of robbing glvy, orfet-any person, of whatever description or colour, ,on the high and public roads of this Island, or who shall have been acccflhry thereto, or who shall be convicted of dehbe* c/canc-0™* rarely breaking open any dwdling-house or (lore, and robbing therefrom, or who shall pice«» or *c-have been accessary thereto, or who shall be con v idled of having let fire to any house, ceflary rh«re-ourhyufe, store building, or cane-piece, or who shall have been accessary thereto, shall death. fufter death.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clsufo y. '1-hat any Slave or Slaves who shall be convicted of having struck a white person,or who Slave* ».> shall be conviifted of having struck a free person of colour, being his, her, or their Maf* ter or Mistress, or w ho iball be convidlcd of a theft or robbery to any amount above Matter or five pounds, or .who shall have been accessary thereto. Or who Audi be convicted of Miftrefi, or

I;9. any oftheiV,2h.

E. ii

SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

way robbery, or house? breaking, kc (hid I-suffer death,or such other puniib* ment as may seem meet, to the discretion of the Court;

Clause jo.

Slaves affem.BlingTor mutinous or dangerous }>ur-pofcs, and refusing.to dif; perfe by the order of any white person ;

the ringleader to suffer death; and the others such punishment as may- seem meet, to the discretion of the Court.

Preamble.

any attempt ,to rob oh, die High-or public roads oTth'is Colony, or whoffjalibecqn-vicded of an attempt to Tet fire to any house, outhouse, building, orcanepiece, -or who shall be convicted of breaking openariy house, ouchoule; or building,-with an intention of robbing therefrom, or who shall have-been accefiary thereto, shall Tuffcf: death* or such other punishmerit by banishment or, public, whipping, on .the bare breech, as shall be inBijfted upon him, her, or them, .at the discretion,of the Court* instituted by' the Act for the -trial of such offenders; .provided such -.public whipping: do not exceed-the number of thirty-nine laflics.

Ahd be it and it is hereby further enacted andordained by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave or Slaves Who shall. assemble at any time for mutinous and other dangerous pu.rposes, and who shall refuse to disperse and go peaceably home to their different houses and plantations when orderedTo to do by any white person whatever, and who shall be cohyided thereof, the ringleader or principal offender shall suffer death, ..and the' others, according to the gradation ofrheir crimes, shall suffer death, or such other pumfhmehts by banishment or’ public flogging-oh the bare breech, provided stich flogging do .not exceed the. number of tHirty?hine iaflies; all \vhidi punishments flialfbe at' the discretion of the Court instituted'by this law. for the-trial of such offenders.

And whereas it frequently happens that Slaves afTume the art of -vicehcfaft, pr are what is commonly called Obeah or Doctor Men, and, under pretence of a gift-.of supernatural powers, do influence the, minds, of-weak and credulous Slaves, and. frequently stimulate them to acts.of munny-or rebellion against their Matters, Renters* Managers j arid- Overseers* and -admihifter ..cer-tajikdrugs, 'orpoti'q'hs of a secret. arid; generally of a pcifonous nature, as welltoSlaves as to free people of every descriptibn j

Glause

to supernatural powers, to be committed to.the public gaol, by their Owners, Renters, &c.

i i. be it and it is^hereby further enacted and ordainedby^the'authotity afbrefardi.

Slaves practising the art of That any:owner, Renter; Manager, and Overseer ofany: Slave or Slaves, witchcraft, dr pretending o'r ?ny• white ppriQnAvh.atever, who shall;discover afriy- Slave df;Siav«.^irac-

tifihg any‘of the above arts, andpretjdhcjifig' 'to- any;iupern2£urai‘_ pbwerfc,:hfe. the iaid Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer*ihaff cause the said Slave Of Slaves to be committed to the public gaol of this Iflandj andthenand there to-be-dealt with agreeable.to the twelfth and tHirteehth daufej of this-A'd,j and upon- conviction-of the said Slave or Slaves of the .aforesaid crimes,- he, flie, or they shall suffer .death, of such other punishment, at the difcrejtion of' the Court, by bariifriment and flogging on the bare breech, as to the said Courtenay Teem meet.; provided the said flogging do not exceed the number of thirty-nine kibes..

And whereas the right of trial by Jury,in all criminal cases, is consonant to. the spirit of the Bratiih Gohffitution j be it and it is hereby further enabled and ordained.by .the. authority aforesaid, T(iat withirii te.n days after any Slave- or'SlaveS^ftifpeft^d having* committed any; of the crimes mentioned in the eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh clauses of :tlns Act fhalT have' been cdmniitted'to the public gaol’ of this I Hand; by the warrant of any Magistrate, the Provost Marflia), Or life lawful Deputy, shall give notice to any1 five of the Justices Of the-Peace then in the'townof R'ofeau, -or in the neighbourhood of the said town, of the trial of such. Slave or Slaves being' to come oh at any tiimfe not exceeding three days froriff the time of ffrch notice, and shall also cause to be summoned any twelve of the neighbouring,Freeholders,Least-holders, Merchants and’ Traders* or respectable housekeepers iirthe town of'ROleau, who-are hereby required to attend', tindbf the penalty of thirty-three iftiliihgs for each, default, to be recovered by warrant of the Justices forming the said Court, diredledlo the'Provost M^tflial, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby authojized4 and required to levy the same on tb.e goods and chattels of the defaulter j. and in case, ofinot finding such goods and chattels, to take the body of such defaulter, and to. confine hirm in the public gaol until he shall. have paid; his fine and colt's; provided, always, that it. shall be in the power of the Court to excuse the payment of such. fine pr fineson.a,

reasonable

shall; suffer. death, or such other punishmenc as may seem meet, to the discretion of the-Courr.

Preamble.

Claulea 2. Within'ten days after Slaves ara committed for crimes, specified in-claofes-8, 9, 19; and. ji; the Marshal toTummori a Court and Jury.

Jury tost?,end; onb^ingfum-moned, under the Penalty of 33/.

6

/

D 'O M I N I G A.

1-2 E.

tea Ton able -cause {hewn by such defaulter* and; the Brovoft Marftial fliaHbe entitled. MarlhaPs to a fee of for.ty-nine {hillings and sixpence. For giving notice to the1 Justices, Turn- ce> 4 hioning the jury., and attending theCourtwith a proper crier..

And .be it and it is hereby Further ^nadled and ordained by the authority-aforesaid.

That any three or more Justices being met shall conFlitute a Court .of Record, and ‘{hall cause the Clerk of the 'Grown-to attend, who {hall make -a record of all the proceedings -against Slaves, in all cases mentioned-in the four foregoing clauses, for attending which Court, and -making such. record, the Clerk of the -Crown -{Hall be entitled to .a fee of four dollars.; and the said Court so being met, may proceed to such trial} and any fix.of the above-rrientioned Freeholders, Leafcholders, Merchants, and Traders, orrespectable Housekeepers, being firftduly sworn, {Hall coristitute a. jiirvi whose unanimous verdict {hall determine the. fade alleged .against the Slave or Slaves To to be tried} after having first heard the evidence produced.for and against such Slave or deathTor ‘Slav.es, to all which-they shall give such cre'dit.as they in their consciences think due * crimes speci-and that upon the jury finding such Slave or Slaves guilcy of .the enme of \vhich Mbyclaufes 'he, {he, or theyIftarid accused, then fliallthe said Court.pronounce sentence of death for ail Rich crimes as are specified in the eighth-elause of this Act, and .sentence of pAi foments} death, or such other punishments for crimes as are Specified in the ninth, .tenth, and as such Court •eleventh clauses of this Act, ^s to fuGh Court ;{hall seem meet-} provided: al ways, that MI Teem stich Court pafring Tentence for capitar crimes or Tmailer offenceSj shall noc in any case |lee£ . :prefumet6,pfefcHbe.mpdes of execution,-or- tto iriflidt punishments unknown to the ftary'to’the* lawsof England for similar crimes and offences (except in such cases, as are<by this. law jaws of Eng-. prescribedWandincafeof-cheacqulttal of the said Slave or Slaves} the fees'ftuli be paid* land 10 be »n-

-f _ (•’ • ^..... ' ' - - .arA«j .i__

.by the Colony

:Clause- -13. Three Justices -shall conilitutea Court.

Clerk of the Crown to attend.

The Court may adjudge

frt

flfeted thereby;

And whereas a too fi*equent ’arid troublesome attendance to fry the inferior offences Clause.14. •committed by the Slaves-would beinconveriient-to the iritefeft of the Planter, Mer- Slaves con-chant, and others, and it may.be necessary and politic to pumfh the irifenor crimes ^fft^rob and mifdemeariors of Slaves on a summary conviction.} be it and it is.hereby further bery’.gross enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid>Thac every Slave or Slaves who infultsto Thall beconvidled .on evidence delivered- before two or more ..of His Majesty’s .Justices vvb'te or ^ of the Peacp for .the fifid Island, of having .committed, thefts or robberies to any fokur^rfeti -amount tinder five .pounds, * or who {Hall be corividted-as.aforesaid.Qf,a«empting to ting fire 16 -ftfike, or of menacing .of of gr.ossly infujting.a white peribri or ,per,fons, ;or -of buildings, 'ftfiking.or .of.grossly Jnfuldng.a free, person or perfons/of 'colour* of who (Hall •be corividted of shaving from' careiefsnefs and inattention fee fire to any building or cane-piece, pr who '.shall be convicted of quarrelling, fighting, breeding riots, or other offences and misdemeanors against the. persons and. pro- to be punished by public •perty -of the inhabitants of this Iflancj, such Slave of ‘ Slaves {hall be flogging on the breech, ipunished by public flogging oii the bare breech} at the difcrecioii. of such ;noc excecdinS thirty-nine 'Justices of the Peace, provided such flogging do.not.exceed the numoer lafhes‘

.of thirty-nine laflies.

And be it arid.it is hereby- further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid} That no Slave or Slaves within this island} shall carry -any 'fire-arms or any unlawful" weapon, without wricteri permission frorii •the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of fufchSlave or'Slaves, nor '{hall any Slave or Slaves presume to fire any gun, great of small, on any pretence whatever, without leave -of the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer } and if it should so happen that any Slave or slaves ihouki of a breach of this tlaiife, such Slave of Slaves, upon conviction before tw Justices of the Peace, shall receive a flogging on the bare breech, not ‘thirty-nine laflies iri number;

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority Ckufe 16^

.aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be detedled in felling or dif- ^ ‘c-lling or

__r c r 1 r r n- or ° dUroung ot tusar or tugar

poling of any sugar or sugar canes, syrup or fl»ng cofree, cotton-, cocoa, canes,ffrup^fling cojftc, rum, or molnfles, the fame, together with the said Slave or Slaves, shall cotton,'.cocoa, or mobiles, .and may be seized by any person or persons whatever. Freeman or Slave, the fame, yitn luck Slaves, - -,10. C D an(| -maybefeKedbyaoJFree-

Clause ij..

Slaves shall not carry firearms or any unlawful weapons without written per-nulfion from Owners, &c. &c. iior firo great or.Tmal! gun? without such leave.

be guilty o or more exceeding

E. 14

SLAVE, T‘RAD:E^WTST INDIES,

nun or Slave, and carried bt fore a Just ice to be commuted to gaol.

Magistrates or Confiafclcs may iVize canes f r ir.ie m markets, (hops, &c. Sellers, if free periods, to be fmed’in jor, recoverable by djftrcfs; sf Slaves to bepu-rnlhcd by ^.ubhe fiegging.

Provided nulling shall extend to prevent Slaves, with their Manager’s certificate from Gilfofing of their own Stock.

and carried before any Just ice of the Peace, who foal} commit the .said Slave or Shaves to the common gaol bf this island, and foal! give notice thereof to the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of -the said Slave or Slaves.; and on conviction, of the said Slave .or Slaves before two or more Justices, the said Slave or Slaves foall be punifoed, at the discretion of the Justices, with any number of la foes not exceeding thirty-nine; and it foall and may be lawful for any Magistrate or Constable to seize or cause to be seized any canes exposed to sale in the markets or Popps, or elsewhere, in this Island; and if the parties do not give a satisfactor.y account how he, foe, or they came by the said canes, if.a white or free person or persons, he, foe, or they foall be subject to a fine, not exceeding thirty shillings, at the discretion of two Magistrates, to be recovered by warrant of distress; and if a Slave or Slaves, to be publicly whipped, at the .discretion of two Magistrates, such whipping not to exceed thirty-nine lafoes;. provided nevertheless, thatnothing contained in this clause foall be .iinclerstood to prevent the Slave or Slaves of this Island from disposing of the produdlions of their gardens and flock, under a written permit signed by the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Over-seer of the said Slave or Slaves.

Preamble. And, in order that the intentions of justice in the discovery of truth

Clause 17. foould not be frustrated by the cunning or-obstinacy of Slaves; be it^and

blaves refunng to give jt ishereby further enabled and ordained by the authority aforesaid; That

by"\\1aoTilratest CtoUPbe any Slave or Slaveswho foall refuse or-evade to give evidence when^called punished° by public flog- -upon by a Magistrate or Magistrates, either in or ouc of any Court .o'f S‘nS* Record in this Island for that purpose, .such Slave or Slaves, for such con-

tempt, foall suffer a .punishment at the discretion of two or more Magistrates; ;by public flogging on the bare breech, provided such .flogging, 'does not exceed the . number of thirty-nine iafoes.

Preamble. . And whereas the welfare and fafetyo.f the inhabitants of this Colony depends upon the hojhefty, obedience, and industry'orthe Slaves; and whereas the .inferior crimes of Slaves incompatible with the interest of the Planter, and the internal management and discipline of a plantation, cannotalways be .conveniently brought before the cog-Clause 18. nizance of the Magistrates; be it and it. is hereby further enacted.tfrid Slaves aif^b.ying orders ordained by the authority aforesaid, That every Siave/or Slaves whb foall °lr thorr \?ho CshallRrobeor disobey the order of his, her, or their Owner, Renter, Manager, orCDver-plunder others property, seer, or who shall rob or plunder the property df another, or whd be guilty of drunkenness, foall be 'guilty of drunkenness, quarrelling, fighting, neglect of duty, ’quarrelling, fighting, ab- absence fr0;T1 labour, or absence from. *his, 'her, or their plantation,

at any *ne with°ut » Pass ^ by the Owner, Itenrer,

able at their Owntrs, Manager, or Overseer of the said-Slav'e or Slaves, fpbcifymgthe dayana Renters, or Managers d-.r- days which is or are intended to be given to the said 'Slave 'or. Slaves, -pr cretin by floggin^ on Mu- any other misdemeanor whatever, such Slave or Slaves foall be pUnifoccl lassi«!" n°C ,ng 39 abthe discretion of his, /her, br their Owner, Renter, Manager; or Overseer, by* confinement or flogging on the bare breech, provided the number MTflMnent,noi<pTJcribe^ °^a^‘es does not exceed thirty-nine;, and:the Owner, Renter, Manager, by utis A el, are liable to a or Overseer who foall inflict any puriifhmenc not prescribed by this .A 65, penalty ot £. 20. shall be subject to a-.penalty not exceeding twenty pounds current money

of this Island, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, .in-any of His Quarrels among Slaves to MajestyVCourts of Record in this Island ; and in case any ;petty offences,

ftc^an amicabie'Vman- Quarrels, and differences, foould arise between the Slave or Slaves of different uer. plantations, if the O wners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers.-be not able.to

.settle the fame in an amicable manner, then and in such case the Slaye<or Slaves shall be carried before the near*, ft Magistrate, who foall settle and adjust the fame as to the said Magistrate may appear most agreeable to.justice ; and : in case the fame cannot be decided by the authority of the said Magistrate, then the offending Slave or Slavesfoali be conimitted by a Magistrate to the common gaol, to be tried agreeably to the twelfth and thirteenth or fourteenth clause of this.Ad.

rAn'cl

/

D 6 M I N I C A. • * 15 E,

And’.whereas it is, just;, and '.proper that ;.the Slaves should be.protected in their Preamble, -persons from the. violence and inhumanity of such white persons and free persons of colour, who may have, no lawful authority over them, or who may exert such authority in an unjuftiffable or cruel manner; be. it and it is hereby further. Clause 19. enabled and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any white person or White or free persons of persons, free person or persons of colour whatever, shall be convicted of the c°i°utr convicted of the wilful murder, of any Slave or Slaves, or shall be accessary thereto,such white ^!aj“ ^.jV. aVC*

person or persons, or free person or persons of colour, shall fuller death,

.And.be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority GJause 20. aforesaid, That any white person or persons* free person or persons of Free.,persons or persons of colour, who shall be convicted of maiming, defacing, or mutilating or .colour convicted of maim-crudly torturing, or caufipg to maim, deface, mutilate, or cruelly torture in.S. or,-CnUfly> lorl“rl”S any Slave, shall be inijirifoiled for a term not .exceeding three months, th^e?,months,C orTnccTa or fined in any sum hot exceeding one hundred pounds current money of sum not exceeding £. too this !stand, and to-continue in confinement until the said fine ihali be paid.; currency, which fine shall be appropriated in manner directed by the first clause of this Act.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority Clause zu

aforesaid, That any white.person of, persons, free person or persons of White or free persons

colour, who shall .be guilty of striking .or severely beating any Slave or guilty of striking or severe-

Slaves, the property of another, or of depriving any such Slave of Slaves |ferr?ofn?t^

of any property in his, hef, or their pofle'flion, he, file, of they, on being iag such of their property,

convicted offiich offence or offences before any three or more Justices of fr.nli,ohconviftion, be fined

the Peace, shall be fined in,any sum hoc exceeding thirty pounds, besides "J .a 1"um n?c exce«ling

making full restitution of any property.; which, fine shall be recovered by *‘3°'

warrant tinder the hands and seals of the said three or more Justices of the Peace,

directed to-the Provost Marfnal or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby authorized and

required to levy the -fame on the goods and chattels.of such offender or offenders;

and in cafo of not finding any such-goods of .chattels, then to take such offender qr.of-

fenders .intp custody, anfeonfine him, her, of them in the common gaol, until-he, flie,

or they shall havepaid his-fine, and fees; provided always, that this clause Provided nothing extend*

“fliall not be under (food tb^extehd to any person. or. persons taking, goods «> .the depriving .them of

from a'Negro-on suspicion or. knowledge -of such..goods. being .stolen, or folcA 200.dns’ i. j • • i r • J ct’of ? j ® A ® i torches, or-improper wea-

the depriving the daid Slave p,r Slaves of any*dangerous-fire-arms, or torch, ppas.

or improper weapon.

And, in order to protect the domestic and connubial Jtappinefs of Slaves Preamble, be it and it is'hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority afore- ^ # Clause-22.

. said, That any white person-or free person of colour whatever, who shall Whne.or free persons, &c. take away and cohabit with the .w-ife or. wives of any Slav.eor Slaves in this [he'mves of Slavesf shall; Island, shall, .on conviction.thereof before any, ,three or mqre Magistrates, .on conviction, be fined in a be subject to a line not exceeding the sum.of,fifty pounds, to be recovered sum not exceeding £.50.

• and .appropriated :in manner .and form as is .directed by the* first clause of

- this Act.

And‘be itand;it;is hereby further cna&ecl.and. ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be convicted. and executed .by virtue of this Act, the Owner of such Slave or Slaves shall be paid out of the public Treasury of this Island the value of such Slave or Slaves, Which value shall be settled by the oaths of two credible white persons, being freeholders or leafehoklers, that knew the Slave or Slaves so executed, which oath flialfbe sworn before Tome Justice of the Peace of this Island, .and such oath and value to be certified by the said Justice of the Peace •under his.hand andTeal; provided the value ro be paid does not exceed sixty pounds current,money .of this Island.

And.be irand it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That in case any Slave or Slaves .iliail wilfully kill another Slave

..or

Clause 23.

The value of Slaves convicted and executed by virtue of this Act, to be paid to their Owners out of the public Treasury,.o,i the oaths of two Freeholders or Lcafeholders, provided such value does not exceed £.60 currency.

Chufeap Slaves convicted »*f killing other Slaves, the value of

TE. V6

SL AT E T'R A D E-ATE ST I N D1 E'S.

such lofrto be paid out of the public Treasury ; one 'moiety thereof to the •Owners of the coavi&s, and the other to the Owners of the Slaves killed.

Value not to exceed £ 60 currc: cy.

or Slaves, and “be thereof convicted* the value of the Slave or Slaves so con* vifted shall be paid out of the public Treafucyof this Island, one moiety to the Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters, of the Slave or. Slaves con* vifted, and the other moiety to the Owner or Owners. Renter or Renters, of the Slave or Slaves killed, so as the value of any one Slave does not. exceed sixty pounds current money .; the value to be ascertained by the two MagUtraces who shall try such offending Slave or Slaves.

Clauis 25. White or free perforvs of •colour, convictca of tile murder of Slaves, the Owners df such Slaves shall be paid their Value from the ef-deds of the murderer.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any white pe.rfon or free person of colour, Pnaii be convicted ofithe murder of any Slave or Slaves, the Mailer or Owner of the Slave so murdered shall receive the full value thereof from the effects of the said white person; or free.person of colour, which value {hall be immediately ascertained on the oath of competent persons, who may have known the Slave or Slaves so murdered, before the said'Court, whereupon a judgment shall be entered against the offender onJuch conviction, for the appraised value of the said Slave or Slaves ; and the said Court are to award execution on such judgment, to be levied by the Provost Marshal or His Deputy,-in the-same manner as executions issued out of the Court of Common Pleas are levied; and in-case the goods and chactels, lands and tenements, of the said white person, or person of colour, are not equal to the amount of sixty pounds current money for each Slave so murdered, then and in such case the said Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves so Deficiency of effc£U to be murdered shall be entitled to receive from the public Treasury as much as the Public is necessary to make up any deficiency'in the said sum of sixty pounds; or if the said white .person, of free person of colour, lias no effects of any kind whatever, then the Owner of Owners of the said Slave or Slaves shall be entitled to receive from the public Treasury, for each Slave so murdered, a sum not exceeding sixty pounds current money of this Island.

mads good by Treasury.

If-no effects, the Sum of £. 60 to be allowed out of the public Treasury.

>CIause 26. The Owners of Slaves fcntcnced to banishment by-virtue of this Act, to receive a recompence from the Treasury.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid,-That if any Slave or Slaves shall:be feritericed to banishment by virtue of this Act, the Owner or Owners of the said Slave or-Slaves shall be entitled to receive, as a recorn-pence for the said Slave or'Slaves, from -the public Treasury of this Island, any sum not exceeding sixty {sounds current money for each of the said Slave or Slaves so-banished, which sum "fliall-be ascertained by two competent judges, and the sum which may arise from the.public sale of the said Slave or Slaves sold by’ the Broyofl Marshal, or‘his lawful Deputy, under ieritence of banishment, after -deducting his fees, shall be paid into the public Treasury of this Island; and in-case theamoiirit of the sale of the said Slave or Slaves may be above sixty pounds, current money, then »the Provost Marshal shall return the overplus, .after, deducing all legail fees, to the •Owner or Renter of:thelaid Slave or Slaves.

Preamble. And whereas the Slaves in this Island, on the different days allotted them for Holidays, by virtue of this Act; may become riotous and difordcrly, from the absence. of the Managers or Overseers of the plantations and cflates in this Island, and to prevent Clause 27. the mischiefs arising therefrom ; be it and ic is hereby further enabled and

Overseers of Plantations ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any Overseer in this Island abft:ming themselves on shall absent hiirfelf from the eltate under his care and management on any

of particular holidays liereinbefore mentioned, or on any Sunday (ex-.duty excepted,) without *.cept during the time of Divine Service, or his being on military duty) leave of their Employers, without leave of his Employer, every such Overseer so offending shall for

to forfeit £5. to be recover- every offence forfeit the sum of .five pounds, to be recovered by in-cany information on oath, formation upon oath before .any Justice-of the Peace, in .a summary way, L>r°clahfe^i 35 ^ “*n parish where such offence shall happen, to be recovered and ap-* ” e y ‘ .propriated in manner and form prescribed by the firflclause of this Act; any

law, custom, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Th;' Act ^continue in And *3e 'c anc^ *s ^erc^y further enacted and ordained by the authority force for three Years, and afore said, That this Act shall continue and be in force for three years •thirty days after meeting of from

DOMINICA. 17 E.

from the publication Hereof, and from thence till thirty days after the then next; the CourttU meeting of the Council and Assembly of this Island. and Affcm.

Palled the House of Assembly, third day of'Decernber, in the'year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty -eight.

JobiiGitlox,

Speaker, pro temp. Thomas Beech, Junior,

Clerk of the Assembly.

Pafied -the Council, in the Council Chamber,.this leventeenth day of December, in.the Year of oiir Lord one thousand seven hundred and.eighty-eighc.

Griffin Curtis,

Clerk of the. Council.

Assented to this twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and, eighty-eight, and in the twenty-ninth year of His Majesty’s reign.

J. Orde.

Dominica. - Duly published in the town of Roleau, this twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

W. Pagan,

D. P. M.

<snip>

DOMINICA. 19 E.

<snip>

DOMINICA. 25 E.

<snip>

DOMINICA. 27 E.

<snip>

DOMINICA. 29 E.

<snip>

(Copy.)

An Act of the Legislature of the Island of Dominica, intituled, “An Act for ascertaining the number of Slaves in this Island, and of such as may have been imported from Africa, within three Years last past; and of the Deaths of and Births from such imported Slaves; and also the Deaths and Births of all other Slaves in the Island, during that period.”

DOMINICA.

[Preamble.]

Whereas it Hath been reprefehred by his Honour the Commander in Chief, that Preamble, an’humble A'ddrefs hath been presentedtoi-His Majesty, by the*Hpufe of Commons of Great Britain, requesting, that His. Majesty would begraciously pleased to give ‘ '

directions to.the Governors of His;’Majesty!s plantations, in. the West Indies, to tranl-mit-an Account, specifying,.as far as- the fame can-bc-ascertairied,. the number of the Slaves in those 1 (lands, and^nlfo the number of Slavcs imported from Africa within three years daft paftj and of thewieaths of and births , from such .imported. Slavesj and al/o the deaths and births-of all other Slaves ..in. the said Islands, during, that .period. We,'.therefore, your; Majesty’s loyal;and'obedient subjects,. the Commander in Chief, and.the Council and the Assembly of this Island,..do ehadt and ordain:

And be it and ii is hereby enacted and ordained .by the authority aforesaid, cfoufc 1. That the following-perfuns Avail be and they lare hereby appointed Commifljenersrin the town1 of Rofeati, and" in die ‘leveral* parishes of this likind; for performing the duties hereinafter directed and*'laid upon ’them r that -is to' say, for the town 'of Roseau,. Robert ’Reid, John' Wardrobe, Henry dohllable, John Lundip, James Dodd-s efquiresj for the- pariflv of Saint; 'George} --T*H6in'!(s: 'Gb'u'rts Anthony .Bacon :Rich'ardson,i .Gjoquet Le. Gjjandj. iand.And^y JaH)>e/quir;e.',$ for; the.pajifli ofSainc f * PauL'.JoH/n Dpwndcsi.John- Corleti.'and .Raypiond .St.. Acromant, inquires j, for the parish of Saint Joseph, A lexander Hepdejfon^ an^ j jenderfon, elqpircs/> .fbj

the parish of Saint Peter, Thomas Beech, Joseph Grano, and Bruno Marceau, efquiresj for the parish of Saint John and town of Portsmouth, John Trotter,

William Wilbrahani, and Robert Bell, efquiresj for the parish of Saint Andrew in the West division, Hugh Gould, and Patrick- Moore, esquires, and for the Knit division of the said parish, Joseph Burton, and Thomas Simpson, efquiresj for the -parish ot Saint David, James,Bruce, and ’ Dorigny, efquiresj for the parish

of.Saint Patrick in the East division, Anthony Bertrand, and. Pierre Dubocque,

-esquires, and for the West division*of the said Parish, Douglas, and

Hill* efquiresj for the parish of .Saint Mark, Joseph. Duftiufay, and Alexander Mac Bean, efquiresj for the parish of Saint Luke, Christopher Robert, and John Baptiste Scrranq esquires.

*19. 5 PI 2. And

:e.

<CJaufc2.

V

Ciaufc'3.

X'laoic^;

E. 30 SLAVE TRADE - WEST INDIES.

[Clause 2.]

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or some of them, shall, within twenty Days after the publication of this Act, issue their warrant in their respective districts, in the following form; viz.

DOMINICA.

iBy

Commissioners appointed 'for' ascertairiing ;tlleJ number of.Slaves ih tHis iftahd,-’&C;

'Coristables of the -parish of

Youcare hereby required and commanded, immediately on the receipt hereof, to •summon all and every the Proprietors, Renters, or Poflefibrs of Slaves, in the pari Ih of to appear‘.before-us. at,

oh the tthemand there to deliver in upon oath, a fulland' correct

account or enumeration of his, her, of their Slaves, both young and old, distin-guifhihg-jthe males-from the' females-; and alfodistinguishing the number of Slaves •imported from Africa, and bought by Him, her, or them, .within three years lafirpaft; .and the deaths of, and births, from'such-importe&Slayes, within the said time-; and also the deaths arid-births of all others..his, her, or-their Slaves during thac period, agreeably to an Act of this iilancj, for ascertaining the number of Slaves, in this Island, &c. leaving at. the house, of each person. so Summoned a copy of .this '-warrant in French and JEnglish. '

Given under our hands .arid fealsthis day of in the year of our Ilord^drie

'ithotifandrseven.hundred and.ninetyrhine.

And be it and it is'hereby enacted .andbrdairied'b'y she’authbricy aforesaidi That-if any Proprietor, Renter, or Polfeffor. of Slave or Slavey his; her, oh their Manager1 or Attorney, shall neglect or refuse; after having Been duly sum'rnbned' as aforesaid,1 and proof thereof made'upon oath by the Christable; tO'appeaf bGfdre^the'Tafd Gom-^milTioners, or -some or one of theni, at' the place and* tirhe By > thenv ippoinfed} and then and there to deliver- in upori oath ('which oath, the Ml GbhVmlP-(loners,-of either of them, are -.oris hereby authorized* to-'admjriifter)* a- full* and correct account or eriuifieration of alhliis; her; or their Slavesiiri'ithe-^rriannef^rfd -form particularly directed by the; said-* frimfhbns} such Proprietor Renter, or Po£ fessor of Slave or ^Slavesjdliall be fined in;the:fum/of*.fifty ;ppunds,?to^be*immediately .-levied.by warrant of warrants, under the-ibnds.and'.feais^f. the/aidlCommiffipners^or dome or one-of thenrj; directed to the P.rov.oft Mafihal, in .the nature -of .aiLexecution •out of the Court of'Common Pleas, which-warrarit;or warrants the said ProvoltMar-.lhal. fltali and he is.hereby directed-and.required tOvexecute in due -manner, and.to pay thedaid fine into thefpublic Treasur.y -for the public .uies of .the. colony;

[Clause 4.]

And be-it and it is hereby enacted.arid ordained by^the authority*aforesaid, That the said- Commissioners,. in making the :said *account or enumeration^ - and -in ' ifia'bing itheir Return,‘fhalPmakeufe of1, the following form:

DOMINICA. 31 E.

[note: form in here.]

NUMBER of SLAVES in the Parish of __________ taken in conformity to the Act for ascertaining the Number of Slaves, &c.

[Heading in here.]

[ciaufc 5.]

And be it and it is hereby enabled and ordained, by the authority aforesaid,

, Thar one hundred and twenty copies of the above form shall be printed with all speed, and distributed among the Commissioners 'before named by .the Clerk of the Assembly j and that the said Commissioners shal), and they are hereby required and directed, within twenty days from the time of ifluirig their said warrant* to complete the said lift or enumeration of Slaves, and return the fame, together with a •duplicate thereof.duly certified under their hands* into the Treasurer’s Office of this liland j and the Treasurer is hereby required, as soon as such Returns are completed, to deliver the lime, of the- duplicates thereof to the Commander .in Chief, to be by him transmitted to His Majesty’s Miniftersi

And

E

•‘Chufe 7,

E. 32 SLAVE TRADE - WEST INDIES.

[Clause 6.]

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid. That the Constables, jfor the duties enjoined them by this Act, shall be paid in the fame, manner as Constables are directed to'be paid ior summoning the inhabitants -under' the Way-warden Ad-of ^hisjfland..

-And -be ic and-it.hereby ehaded .and. ordained by the authority,aforesaid. That this^ Ad, together with‘the form of the Returns prescribed, and .the Conimifnoners warrant*, shall be printed at the public expence of the Golony, and {he Treasurer is .hereby.authorized to;.pay.for the fame. ' .. •-

, . Thomas B&cb,

;Speaker,*pro temp.

iPafled the Hoiifeo!* Assembly this eighth *dayof October,.-.one! thousand seven ' -hundred and {ninety-nine. I , . -i

, ' • Collm, *J . -

{Clerk of* the Assembly.

IPafled the Council this eleventh day of -October, in the year-oncthousand feveh , hundred and ninety-nine. ‘t ;

’ * G. Saltqi,

».AdingiClerk of the Council.

, ! . . _ ! ' , Assented to-this .eleventh day-of Ddober, in the* year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and mine-nine. ; •"

J.'MatJon,:

: President andiiCommander in Chief.

Jbcminka:

Puly published in the town of 'Roseau, thisJ eleventh day of . October, one thousand sevenihuridred and ninety mine?

John Lucas-, Ai-P/iM.

(A true copy.)

G. Salton, A. S. & R.

DOMINICA. 33 E.

<snip>

E. 34 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

<snip>

F.

GRENADA.

Ordered to be printed 8th June 1804.

<contents snipped>

<snip>

GRENADA. 7 F.

“An ACT for the better protection, and for promoting the natural increase

Am A^Tv'f6r

“ the;natural firicrekfefa'nd populationd’f.Slivfes within “/the Iliand oPGreriada, arid* such of the ^Grenadines “ as are ah hexed1 to^-the* Govern ftierit-diereof; for 'com-*“ pellirigan adequate^provisioh for, and care of them, “ as well in fioknefs and old -age,/as in'hCalth/and for '“.coriftifuting and appointing’’Guardians-to effectuatc “ arid: carry- into-'execution. the.regulations and purposes *“« of this Act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made -for the prote&ion of'Slaves, and for divers other of the benevolent purposes intended:by this preferit Act, -havirigbeen temporary, are expired, and humanity and theinterest ofsthc.Colony jequire ithat -the fame, or other equally ialutary .and sufficient regulations and provisions, dhould :be adopted- and ordained, for .rendering the servitude and -labour'of Slaves .as-limited and easy as possible, and for promoting the natural increase of their -population, -as-the‘most likely means of removing, in a.course of time, the necessity offurther importations of -Slaves from Africa: And whereas these desirable ends -cannot be more .effodbually attained, than-by compelling the Owners and .Matters of Slaves sufficjently and .properly to lodge, feed, clothe, and maintain them, as well during health and their capacity to labour, as .in time-offickn?fs, void age, and infirmities, .by prescribing reasonable bounds to .the power of Matters -and .others having the -charge of ’Slaves., by introducing-.them to.the knowledge of the C-lirittian Religion, and affording them opportunity of’improving in Morality^; and ,by constituting a proper tribunal of Guardianship, for the hearing, examination,

-arid redress of their grievances, and security of .their .rights and immunities hereby granted and -e'ftabliflied,: May it therefore please. the King’s,most.Exccllcnt Majesty,

.fhafc it may be enacted and ordained;

And-bc it and it is hereby .enacted by ;his .Excellency-Charles'Green, .esquire, Cleafe r. ^Captain General and Governor-in-Chief of the island of Grenada, and the .Grenadines annexed to the Government thereof the honourable *the Members of. the Council, and.-the Representatives df the people of the said Islands, in General Assembly convened, and-by the authority of the same, Xhatrimmediately, and from time to. time and at all times, from, and after the publication of this Act, every Proprietor, Owner, or Poficflbr of any plantation or-estate,. shall provide for ana allow to at least every head of a family of Slaves thereunto .attached, one good and comfortable house, -with one or more cabancs or. beds to ileep vipon, rtifed .at Jcaft one foot from the ground.; and. .{hall .also allot and appoint for every -Slave (domestics excepted) above the age of 14 years, as and for his or her proper ground, such a quantity or portion of the land of. the said plantation or estate,‘td which such Slave may be attached, or of such other contiguous lands as shall bc approved by the Guardians of Slaves, appoirited' in manner hereinafter mentioned, as sufficipntly near and convenient for such provifibn ground, is in the eftiiriaiion bf such Guardians for that parish wherein such plantation or. estate shall iBc situate, or the majority of them, shall bc deemed sufficient, when undfc'r 'p'rdpercultivation, to produce such a quantity of ground provisions, as, ;with the ordinary allowance oHalt,provisions,of the. quantity whereof such Guardians arc to judge, will be com-, pletely adequate4to the maintenance and* support of such Slave,-and<shall -alloW'.every such Slave from-noon in some one day of-, every week, or one whole -day in •every fortnight, besides Sunday (except. ih'time ofx:rop)fqr the purpose ofayqrking and cultivating, his or her grounds; which said grounds,.whcnbfKft.ailptted,'shall-.not;b'e exchanged, or taken.away from any.fuchSlaves withoutiiis or her C0R^nt,;l^y d»im>qr -her-exprefledto the.Guardians of such distrids or parish, whiltt.such .SlaveihaJlrehiain on'the estate to which.such -land fb'.allottedtohinr or, her belongs, (except .-in manner .and upon .the terms'next hereinafter mentioned);that is to say, providedalwnyVthac •if the’.persons' having; the charge; of any plantation or estate, shall find it nCq'eflary <,br expecticntfo change thepro.vifioh. .grounds .allotted to jhe Slaves- of fuclt plan-* * ' tation

F. 8 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

talion or estate,. and such consent of, the Siaves'shall, not be expressed as aforesaid, it shall and may ,be, lawful for any such person.tp allot, other suficient grounds for that purpose,- and to call on the Guardians of, the district or parish to examine and approve of the quantity, quality, and' situation of such proposed hew provision grounds.; and if the said Guardians, or a. majority of them, foall approve of such new, provision grounds, then and in every such case, from-and after the expiration of twelve calendar months after such new allotment and approbation as aforesaid, or such longer period, according to the season of the year, as the Gaurdians shall judge necessary to enable.the Slaves to put such newly allotted grounds into proper cub tivation, but not lboner, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for any such person to take in and put into cultivation, the; grounds so first allotted, for the use of the Slaves. '

Clsufc 2.

Chuse 5.

Clause 4.

Chnfe 5.

And whereas there may be some estates which, from the nature of the foil and particular situation, are hot so proper for the cultlvarion-of p'rovifioris* and; were the Proprietors or PoUblfors .compelled to allot portions thereof to every-Slave* for the purpose of cultivating provisions completely adequate to his or her maintenance, as hereinbefore directed, ,it might be attended with- ruinous consequences to such estates, without answering the purposes thereby intended"; Be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, -That every Proprietor* Owner, or Bofleflor of any plantation or'estate* which, in the judgment of the Guardians*’ shall be so circumstanced in point of foil or- situation, -foall have it in His or her optioiror choice, with the approbation of the Guardians, cither to make such*-al-lotments of lands as aforesaid as provision grounds, for 'the maintenance of the Slaved attached thereto, or to give them a weekly allowance of provisions, completely adequate to their maintenance-: Provided always, that there shall be at ieail one-fortieth part of an acre allotted to-each .Slave, contiguous so the Negro hou!es,:for ’ the purpose of cultivating^ garden for their foie ufc and benefit.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such Proprietor, Owner, or Possessor as aforesaid, shall annually allow and give to every Slave whom he or foe’shall own, rent, or possess, decent and suficient -clothing*-*acdording >to the re(pcdtive fox and age of such Slave* to-be approved of and’dirodtedfoy the Guardians of -the- distridt wherein the plantation or estate to which- such Slave- may be attached shall-be; and if any Proprietor, Owner, -of Possessor of any plantation'or estate, do or shall neglect or refuse to ‘comply-with or Obey any of the provisions of this clause, he, foe, or they, shall for every such riegledt or refusal, forfeit and pay •the/um of-five pounds for every Slave who shall not -be so clothed as herein -is ;directed, to-be recovered, paid, and* applied in manner -hereinafter prescribed.

’ And be it ena'dted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases when Slaves are not attached' to or resident on any plantation .of estate, the Proprietors or Possefiors .of all and every of such Slaves, foall provide for and furnifo such Slaves with com-fortablcjodging, and ample'provisions of wholesome food, and with decent cjoth-ing in every year, to be approved and directed by, the. Guardians of .the distridt where, such Proprietor, or, in Bis or her absence, ins or her acting Attorney, shall 'be resident, under the penally last mentioned'.

And be it further enacted .by the 'authority, aforesaid, in order to restraim arbitrary punifoments, That from and afterthe publication of this Act, it foall not be lawful for any Proprietor,of a Slave' or. Slaves, .or for the Attorney, of such Proprietor, or, in his or her absence',nor for the Manager, Overseer, or other free person; having the management or direction of .such Slave 'or. Slaves in the absence of the Proprietor, andwhere there is, rio Attorney resident, to inflict, or cause or knowingly suffer to be infiidted on aiiy. Slave, any corporal pu'niihment other than imprisonment, in a proper and wholesome place of confinement, and whipping, not exceed 39 lafoes at one time, and for any one offence or .fault which by him or her may be committed ; and that in all cases when either the Proprietor is resident on the eftafe, or, if abfeni, has an Attorney resident thereon, it shall not be lawful, for any Manager, Overseer, or free person employed under such Proprietor or Attorney,

GRENADA.

9 F.

to infiidt, or cause or knowingly suffer to-.be infiidted, on any such Slave, any corporal puriifliraent other than confinement in a proper place, and whipping, not to exceed ir Mhes at. one time, and for any onw offence or fault by him or her committed j nor,fliah ^ny fpchi^roprictor; Attorney, Manager, orOyerfeer? or . other free person as aforesaid, infljdt or suffertp.be inflicted such punishment, nor any other number of lashes* in the fame day, nor until, the delinquent lias recovered from the effects of any former punishment, under the penalty of £. 20. for every such excels’ or- repetition of punishment, to be recovered against the person direct- ' ing or permitting .the fame; Provided aiways, that in. all. cases where the, Proprietor or other person having charge of any-such Slave, shall conceive the fault committed, although by Jaw not cognizable by Justices of the Peace* to be of such.enormity as to deserve more-exemplary punishment than is hereinbefore allowed to be infiidted, it shall and.may .be lawful-for him to cause such offending Slave to be carried before any two Justices of the Peace, and such Justices are hereby-authorized' to hear and examine into-.every such complaint, and to direct such corporal punishment, not extending to life. or limb, as the offence fiiallinthcir difcretibn merit; after which punishment, 'infiidted by order of the Justices as aforesaid, no further or other punishment. whatever shall be'inflicted on such .Slave for that offence, by any person or persons whomsoever, under, the similar penalty last hereinbefore mentioned of£. 20.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Proprietor, At- .ciaufc 6. torriey, Manager; Gverfeer, or bther free person employed as aforesaid, do and shall; upon any pretence whatsoeycr, take upon himself or herself to infiidt or cause to be infiidted on such Slave or Slaves as aforesaid, any heavier, greater, or other kind of corporal punishment than those which arc hereinbeforevin that respect limited and. prescribed, every such Proprietor, Attorney, Manager, Overseer, or other person employed as aforesaid, shall-and may for every such offence be. .proceeded against* by'presentriient, -information, orindidtment, in the-same manner as if the.offence was committed* against a freeperfon, and, ifXound guilty; shall' be .punished by fine or iniprirbnmdnt,* or'both, at the discretion of the Court -wherein such offender-shall'have been tried and convicted; and in every atrocious case, whcnTuch.offence shall appear to have beep, accompanied with .any aggravating circumstance of singular Inhumanity or mail\cm, and the person so conyidted shall be Proprietor or Owner of-such Slave -or Slaves, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Paid Court, .and they are hereby required to .order and adjudge such Slave or Slaves to ibe d.clivered tOi. and - taken possession of by the Guardians of the parish or district ip. which the plantation or estate to -which such Slave or Slaves is or are •attached, pr where such Proprietor rcfidcs, to be by them jortpwith fold and disposed of to some jperfon of humane repute, for such price as the said Guardians shall deem fair and adequate, and can be procured for the fame; and such Guardians arc hereby authorized and required to sell the same, and the money arising therefrom to be forthwith paid to the Proprietor of fuclVSlave or.Slaves lb fold-.as aforesaid;. ahdffucli' faletshall be deemed1 competent and fulhcientin law, to veil the abfolufe.property of such Slaye-orSlaves in the^purchaser Orpurohafers.thereof.

And«be,i^ further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That .it shall not be ‘lawful Ciaufc 7. to or for the; proprietor, .Owner, or Possessor .of any plantation pr estate, or any person-or persons-einployed-by or -under such J^of.netor,Owner, or Pofieffpr, except in the art pfananufadturing such Xpccies of.tprpiucc as necessarily requires night or -extralabour, ,to compel; orobljgc any Slave attached to or upon such plantation or estate., rtoleaye. his or herhouse in .order to work in the fieldat his trade until day-break,.oriiowork:during the times of breakfasting and dining; for the first of which such Slaye shall tie allowed one half hour in the morning, and for the latter 'two. hours (to wit)* ffrom twelve o’clock at moon-to two in the afternoon ; nor, to compel any such-Slaves to work -after fiinfet, * except in the -carrying a> bundle of grass’ of !stock-rpcaf‘from-the* field to-the liable,-Qr other place where-.the fame is .to Dc'bonfumed, under the penalty*of-ten pounds for every-offence.

ij An.d)be $p,a&cjl %«the,authof|t.y,/ift>ref^d. That no IVfafter,'Owner, or Ciaufc 8.

foffeirpr of.,any5§Uye . or^Sjayes, whether In his or her o>yn, right, pr Atto'niey,

119. * * "6 C Guardian,

F. 10 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

Clause 9.

Clause 10.

Clause 11.

Guardian, Trustfce, or otherwise howsoever, shall, under any pretence what foe vcr, discard or turn away any such Slave or Slaves, being rendered incapable ofilabour or' service by reason of sickness or disorder, age or infirmity; but every such Mailer, Owner, or Poflefibr, shall keep such Slave or Slaves upon his, her, or their respedtive properties, and feed and provide them with wholesome food, and decent, comfortable lodging and clothing, and other necessaries, and not suffer them for want thereof to wander about at large, and become a nuisance and burthensome to others for subsistence; and it shall and may be lawful* for any white or free-coloured person to take up all such diseased or infirm Slave or Slaves, who may be found going about at large as above mentioned, and carry him, hcr,=or them, before;any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, or any of the Guardians for the town' or parish. where taken up, which Justice of the Peace or Guardian shall and he is hereby di-, rcdled to make immediate enquiry into the conduct of such Owner, Poflcflbr, Atr torncy, orTrustee ; and if it shall appear to the said Justice or Guardian, that the Slaves going about at large be owing to neglect of mal-treatment from the Owner," Poflcflbr, Attorney, or Trustcc, he, lhc, or they so offending, shall forfeit Lor every such offence the sum of £. 10. current money, to be levied on their, goods and chattel^, by warrant under the hand'and seal of the justice or Guardian before whom convicted ; one moiety to be paid to the person taking up the Slave as aforesaid,'and the other moiety to be paid into the hands of the Treasurer, for the public uses of this government; and the Owner, Poflcflbr, Attorney, or Trustcc, shall forthwith, enter into recognizance in the sum of fifty pounds, with two suficient furetics in the sum of twenty-five pounds each, that the Slave shall in future-be well treated, lodged,-fed, and clothed; but in case of neglect or rcfulal to enter into rccog-' nizance as aforesaid, then it shall and-may be lawful for the Justice or Guardian t<| commit the Slave to the charge of the cage-keeper of the neared town where takerj. up, to be by him lodged and fed, for which he shall be entitled to receive from the Owner, Poflcflbr, Attorney, or Trustee, at the rate of half a.dollar per day, recover* able on his goods weekly, by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice or Guardian committing, until he shall have entered into.recognizance as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Masters and Miftrefibs, Owners, or, in their absence, Managers and Overseers of Slaves, shall,- as much as in them lies, endeavour the instrudtion of their Slaves in the principles of the Christian Religion, whereby to facilitate their conversion, and shall do their • utmost endeavours to fit them for baptism, and, as soon as conveniently can be, caulc to be baptized all such as they can make sensible of a duty'to God and the Christian Faith, which ceremony the clergymen of *the respective parishes are to perform gratis, and also to attend them in sickness when their spiritual aid may be required.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every plantation or estate in these lilands, there shall, within four months from and after the public cation of this Act, be created and built a good and suficient hospital, in proportion t'; the number of Slaves on such plantation or estate, in a proper and healthy situation, for the infirm and sick Slaves, with proper attendants, into-which all the Slaves, who shall be absent from their work under any pretence of-sickness, shall be ordered and put by the Manager or Person having the charge of such plantation and Slaves, who is hereby further required and directed to keep a hospital book, With the names of the Slaves so admitted, the dates of their admission, and silfo of'their difmission or death, and in which shall be inserted by the surgeon or other medical attendant of the said plantation, the nature of their complaints or diseases.

. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the time limited and .appointed, or to be limited and appointed, in any and every Tax Bill for giving.in a list of taxable objects in every year, the Owner, Overseer, or Manager of every plantation or estate, shall give in on oath a particular account of all the births and deaths of the-Slaves of such,plantation .or estate for the preceding year, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every omission, to be recovered frorii the Owner of such plantation or estate; and if the not giving in upon oath such accounts shall

GRENADA 11 F.

be owing to the neglect of the Manager or Overseer of such plantation or estate, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Poflcfibr of such plantation or estate, to flop and detain the penalty lie or (he shall suffer by this law, out of the wages of such Manager or Overseer."

And be it enacted*by the authority aforesaid. That such account shall also con- Chufci*. tain the causes of the deaths of such Slaves as shall have died during the preceding year, to be certified by the fiirgeon or principal medical attendant of such plan- t ration or estate, to the best of his knowledge, judgment, and belief.

And, in order that encouragement liiay bc.giyen to the increase and protection Chufc ij, of Negro infants, Be it further enacted by the authority" aforesaid, That every female Slave who ihallhavc fix children living, shall be exempted from hard labour, and the Owner or Possessor of such female-Slave shall be exempted from all taxes for such female Slave, and a deduction shall be.made for,all such female.Slaves from the taxes of such Owner or Possessor, by certificate of the person or persons to be appointed by any fax Bill to be hereafter passed .for taking the lifts of taxable objects, direcded to the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, for whichpurpofc • proof shall be given on oath, to the latisfadbion of such person or persons, not only that the requisite number of children, together with the. mother, arc living, but also that the mother is exempted from all manner of hard labour; and is provided with the means of an easy and comfortable maintenance.

And, in order to prevent any person froni mutilating or difmbnibering any Slave clause 14. of Slaves, Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Master,

Mistress, Owner, or Poflcfibr, or other person whatsoever, shall, at his, her, or their own will and pleasure, or his or their direction, or with his, her, or their knowledge, fuftcrance,. privity, or consent, mutilate or dismember, or cause to be mutilated or dismembered, any Slave or Slaves, lie, flie* or they, shall be liable to be prose-culcd? by information or indidhrient for.cvcry such offence in the Court of King’s Bench and Grand Sessions, or anyothcr Court of fimiiar Jurisdiction in these islands, and, upon conyi&ion, shall be punished by fine not less than £. ico, nor exceeding *£.500, anddniprisonment not exceeding twelve months, ior each and every Slave so mutilated or dismembered, and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that can-or.imay be brought at common law* Tor recovery of damages for or on account of the fame.;.and in every atrocious calc, where the Owner of such Slave or Slavcs fliallbc convidtcdrof; such offence, the Justices of the Court before whom such.offender shall have been' tried, and convidlcd, are hereby empowered, in case they .shall.think it necessary for the future protection of such Slave or Slaves* to dcclarc-and.adjudge him* her* or them, free and discharged of and from all manner of iemtude to such;Owners, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and in-all such cafcSj-the Justices of such Court arcJicrcby authorized and empowered, if to them it shall appear necdlary, to order and. clircdt the fine adjudged by them, to be paid into the hands of the Treasurer of those islands to the use of.the public ;ithc Treasurer for the time being, in consideration thereof, paying to such of the said Slaves so freed and discharged from servitude as afbrclaid, the sum of £+16. per annum,: towards his, her* or their maintenance and supporr during life; and in.case of any such mutilation?or difinenibcring of any Slave being commuted as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the .said Guardians, or any one or more of them, upon complaint and application to him or them made by such Slave or .Slaves so mutilated, and they are hereby required; upon view and certainty of the fadb, to fendTuch Slave or Slaves so mutilated forthwith to the nearest cage where such offence shall have been committed ; or if such complaint and information that any Slave.or Slavcs is or are so mutilated, shall arise from the probable intelligence of any other Slaves or otherwise, to ifiuc their, or. his warrant to any constable, ordering him immediately to proceed to the place where such Slave or Slaves so mutilated may be, and touring him, her, or them, and if under confinement to re-lease.and bring him, her, or them, before such guardian or guardians, who, on view and certainty of the fast as aforesaid, shall fend such Slave or Slaves so mutilated, to the nearest cage as aforesaid, which Slave or Slaves shall be there Ihfcjy kept by

F. 12 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

thfc cage-Jcceper, but not worked at the public expence until the •determination of the prosecution, which the -said Guardians arc hereby directed and required to pursue and carry into effect against the perpetrators of the said mutilations, in manner aforesaid; and the keeper of such cage is hereby required to receive such Slave Or Slaves into his custody, and during such time as such Slave Or Slaves shall be detained in the cage, to provide and allow a sufficient quantity of proper food daily for his or her or their subsistence and support, at the expence of the person offending as aforesaid, and under the direction and approbation of the said Guardians, who arc hereby authorized to issue their warrant for payment of the fame, to be levied on the goods and chattels of the offender.

Clause ij. And be it further enacted bj the authority aforesaid, That at the first: meeting of the Council and Assembly arter the first: day of January, in the year of our Lord 1798, and at the first: meeting thereof after the first: day of January in each and every subsequent year, during the continuance of this Act, the House.of Assembly (lull proceed to nominate and appoint, with the approbation and concurrence of the Council, three fit persons for each parish, and for the I (land of Curiacow and the other Grenadines} who shall lerveas Guardians of and to the Slaves belonging to the respective parishes, and the Islands for \vhich such Guardians shall be so nominated and appointed,; and also three persons being freeholders, resident in the town of Saint George, as Guardians, of and to the Slaves within the said town; and the clerk of the assembly shall publish in the first: gazette or public newspaper, to be printed after such nomination and appointment, the names of the several Guardians lo appointed.

Clause 16. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Guardians ofSJavcs hereinafter named and appointed, within ten days after the publication hereof and alt Guardians of Slaves, within*ten days after such notice of their appointment being given as aforesaid, and before, they procccd,on the execution of their office, shall apply themselves to fomc Justice of the Peace, and before him. take the following oath. I, A* fi. do (wear, that I wilfdiligcntly, truly, faithfully, and impartially, perform the office of a Guardian of Slaves of.the parish of or the town

of Saint George, for which I am.appointed this.present year, and will not, for favour or afiidion, on any consideration whatsoever, excuse any,person or persons offending againfc or neglecting his, her, or.their duty* as enjoined,by-an Act, intituled, an.Act for the better protection, and promoting the natural.increase.and population of Slaves within the illandof Grenada, and. such of the Grenadines as are-annexed to the Government thereof; for compelling an adequate provision for and’care of them, as well in sickness and old age as ia.health, and For conftltutingand appointing Guardians to effeduateand carry into execution the regulations and purposej-.of this Act; nor will I, for hatred, malice, ill-will or partiality^prosecute,pre(ent,-or. punish.'any One, but in ail things will comply with and conform to the directions, orders, and duties enjoined me by the said Act, according to, the bed of my understanding, (kill, power, and judgment. So help me God. Wchich said oath, every Justice of the Peace, on application to him for that purpose 'made-by the .Guardian, is hereby, authorized and required to administer, and tranlipit, within ten days afterwards, a certificate thereof, to be filed in the Secretary’s office.-;-and if any Guardian fonomi-' nated, and having (belt notice of his: .nomination as:aforcCaid,dhall. refiife, to.ad-in his said office, or shall neglect orrefufe to be fwonvas aforesaid, and, who,- bciirgifwbrn. and acting, shall neglect: his duty or abuse the^powers by this Adlveflfed in him,he shall for every such offence forfeit £. 50 current money, to be recovcreddn' the .Court', of King’s Bench and Grand Session, by indictment or information, ;tobcmaidrinto* the public treasury for the publicufes of the colony *,.and any43crfonbaving.lerved.the’ office of guardian for one year, shall not be compelledL.or compellable;. Stofcrvc the. fame office again until, the expiration of two years.thereafter, and-in the meantime until such appointment of guardians can be made^sraforefaicl.

[Clause 17.]

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That’for'the town of Saint George, the honourable Alexander Coekburn, John Orr, and William Arnold,esquires jfor, the pari (h of Saint George the ‘honourable Alexander Scott, John Ross, and'Wilson

P. Richardson,

GRENADA. 13 F.

P.-Richardson, eft]litres; for the Parifit of Saint David, the honourable Samuel Mitchell, James May, and Henry Palmer, esquire; for the Parish of Saint Andrew,

Thomas Robert Ion, 1 Iliac Horsford, and James Campbell junior, esquire; for the Parish of Saint Patrick, John Hervey, Nicholas Herbert, and Alexander Frafer, esquire; for the pari Ih of Saint Mark, Alexander Campbell, Gordon Turnbull, and William Sandback,esquire; for the Parish of Saint John, John Hay, James Mays, and Alexander Branders, esquire for the Island of Cariacow, and the other Grenadines, William Arbutlmot, Andrew Whiteman, and Johri Bell, esquire, lhn.ll be and arc hereby appointed Guardians of and to the Slaves within their respective didrids, and shall take the lame oath of o!iice, and act and discharge the duty of Guardians in the dime manner, and under the fame penalty, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as if they were Guardians nominated and appointed in manner preferred by this Acb.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lie CUufc iS. lawful to and for the said Guardians, or any two of them, in their respective distrids, and they arc hereby authorized and required once in every six months (except the Guardians hereinbefore named and appointed, who arc hereby authorized and required within the first three months, and at all other times when any complaint or information Hull appear to render their presence necessary) to visit the l’cveral estates and plantations within their respe&ive diUriel's, and to hcarand enquire into the complaints, and enquire into and inspect the grounds, clothing, lodging, maintenance, and treatment of the Slaves within their respe&ive distri&s, and into the Hate and condition of furniture and conveniences of the holpitai; and for a more cfFc£lual discovery of the truth with respect of the clothing, lodging, feeding, and maintenance of the Slaves, as well in sickness as in health, Hull examine the Manager and principal Overseer, and the Surgeon or medical attendant on fuel) c(htc or plantation, and all other persons likely to be able to give tcllimop.y, if from any suspicious circumstances or circum-stance it shall appear ncccfl'ary to a majority of the said Guardians touching the fame, after having first administered to such Manager, principal Overseer, or other free person, an oath of the followi as Hull be put to me nance, and treatment

or within the town of Saint George. So help me God. And if any Manager, principal Overseer, or other white orTrcc person, (lull refuse to be (worn, or when sworn to answerfuch quc(lions as shall be put to him relative to the several matters mentioned in the said oath, he Hull forfeit £. 50., to he recovered in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and to be paid into the treasury for the public ufesof the Colony; and in case of the wilful and corrupt perjury of any such white or free person, he shall and may be prosecuted by preferment, indictment, or information, and be punished

respective didridb, or any two of them, that any offence hath been committed against this Act, then and in every such case they are hereby authorized and llridly required, without delay, by all or feme of the ways ami means hereby in that respect provided, to fuc and prosecute the offender and cllcndets for the recovery of such penalties or penalty, or, to such punishment or punishments as is crare by this Act annexed to the offence or offences by him or them commit ted j and all suits and prosecutions carried on by or in rhe names of the said guardians, any one or more of them, with the approbation of two of them at lead, shall be maintained by the public, and the expences attending the lame defrayed out of the public treasury.

And whereas otherwise difi .and comfort Tor subsistence .1.19

:rcas the manumitting-ami felting free Slaves, diseased, blind, aged, or CLufc«, ifabled from working, without making provision for their lullvnance fort, ought to be prevented, as it obliges them to ramble about and beg tence, which frequently compels them to the necessity of robbing and ftosl-

F

Clause 20.

Chafe :i.

Chafe 22.

Chafe zi.

•Chafe 24.

Chafe 25.

F. 14 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

ing, and leads them to other bad prafticcs to support themselves: And whereas it is also necessary to discourage the too frequent and indiscriminate manumission of Slaves, without a fullicient provision being made for their support; Re it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the publication of ihtl Ad, it (lull not be lawful for any person or persons to manumit or set free any Slave or Slaves belonging to him, her, orthem, without first paying unto thsTrea-furor of these Islands'for the time being, the sum of£. too current money for each and every Slave io manumitted; and the Treasurer is hereby directed and required •to certify on the back of the manumission, that such sum has been to him paid ; and no manumission executed after the publication of this,Ad, without such certificate, -shall be of any force or validity whatsoever.

And be ;t enacted by the authority aforesaid. That each and every person so manumitted, shall be entitled to receive an annuity of £. 10. current money, tobe paid by the Treasurer, one moiety every six months, who is hereby authorized and required to pay the lame for and during the natural life of such person or persons so manumitted and let free as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons To manumitted as aforesaid, shall be abfenc from this government, he, flic, or they, shall be entitled to receive such annuity as aforesaid, upon transmitting or . producing to the Treasurer of these Islands, a certificate from the Rector of the pa-rifli where such person or persons may actually reside, or from any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in such parish, jfldntl, or place, of him, her, or their being then alive, and concluding and behaving him, her, orthcmselves; as peaceable and good subjects; and such certificate shall be a sufficient warrant to the Treasurer for the time being, to pay the annuity or arrears of annuity as aforesaid.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'That .in. cases of any heinous crime, misdemeanor, or other difordcrly conduct of any such person or persons so manumitted and set free, on conviction’thereof on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before .any three of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, such person or persons so ofTending shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the whole of such annuity, or so much thereof as the said. Justices in their judgment may think proper, in proportion to the heinousness of the offence committed; such forfeiture to be applied .to the public ufesof this government

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, whole usual refidenee has been* in this government, shall, at any time after the publication of this Act, be manumitted or* set free by any deed of manumission, executed io any other place than within this government, such manumission shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void in this government, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, custom, orufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, until the sum of£. 100. "be by each and every such person so manumitted, paid into the hands of the Treasurer as aforesaid, which shall entitle the person paying the fame to receive the annual sum of^.io. as hereinbefore mentioned.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all penalties and forfeitures in thb Ad mentioned, the recovery and application whereof have not already, been declared, shall be recovered in the said Court of Common Pleas, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, and paid into the hands of the public Treasurer, for the public uses of the Colony*

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Guardian of Slaves shall be sued or molested for any thing done by virtue of this Act, he shall and may plead the general itfue, and give this Act and the special matters in evidence; and If the-Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his action, or a verdict be found against him, he shall pay treble costs offuit; and this Act shall be deemed a public Act* and ail Judges, Justices, and Juries, are to take notice thereof accordingly, without .Ipecially pleading the same.

GRENADA. 15 F.

And be enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this A&lhallbe and remain Clause 26, in force-from the publication thereof, for and during the term of two years thereafter, and until sonic further or other provision shall be made by the Lcgillature for the purposes of this Act.

Passed the Aflcinbly,

17th November 1797.

(Signed) y>i’ Lynchj Clerk of the Assembly,

"Dated at Saint George’s, 9th December, in the year of our Lord 1797, and in the 38th year of the rcignof our Sovereign Lord George the Third, of Great Britain, Trance, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so .fort!).

(Signed)

James Hay, Speaker.

T-aflccl the Council this 24th November, in the year of our Lord 1797.

{Signed) G. //. Horjtey.

Deputy Clerk of the Council.

(Signed) GharUs Green,

Aflcntccl to by his Excellency the Captain-General and Commander in Chief, this. 9th December 1797.

^GRENADA.

{Signed) • G. H Horjley.

Deputy Clerk of the Council.

Duly proclaimed at Sainfc George’s, in the Tfland of Gre-.mdarthe nth of December 1797.

(Signed) J. Davis.

Dep. Prov. Marshal.

<snip>

G.

JAMAICA.

Ordered to be -printed %th June 1804.

j

119.

A

Na i.—Letter subscribed Simon T’ajlor, Henry Shirley, George Murray, and Lewis

Cutbleri, dated Spanish Town, 12th December 1797; add relied to v - p.j.G. the Earl of Balcarrcs - -- -- -- -- -- -- j

No 2-<—Earl of Balcarrcs to the Duke of Portland;

dated Jamaica, 24th December 1797 (Three Enclosures.)

(1.) AJdreft, to His Majesty, of the Assembly of Jamaica - pp^

(2 ) Address, to His Majesty, of the Council of Jamaica - -(3.) Act for laying a Duty on all Negro Slaves imported into Jamaica - -- -- -- -- -- -- -

No 3.—Extraft of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Earl of Balcarrcs; 7 ,

10th May 179S. J

N*4>—Another; - -- -- -- -- -- -- 25th May 1799 - ibid.

N°5,—Another; - -- -- -- -- -- - - 10th August 1799 -p.u.G.

No 6.—Earl of Balcarrcs to the Duke of Portland;

dated Jamaica, 5th Jan. 1S00

(Two Enclosures.)

(1.) Address, to his Majesty, of the Council and Assembly of /pp.n_16.G.

Jamaica - -- -- -- -- -- -- -(2.) Extract Report of a Committee of the Heuse cf Assembly on the General State of the Colony - - - - - -

No 7.—Earl of Balcarrcs to the Duke of Portland; L r r

dated Jamaica, cad March tSco J P’1

(Nineteen Inclosures.)

(1.)—Circular Letter from the Secretary’s Ofiice, Jamaica, a

iOihOftober 1799 j (2.)—Order in Council, 12th February 1S00 ----- - ibid.

(3.)—Communication from the Lieutenant Governor to the Council, i

21ft March tSoo J " P*1 /-G. (4.)—Number of Slaves in the Pariftt of St. Andrew ----- . ibid.

(5.)—Return from Clarendon Parish - -- -- -- -- - ibid. (6.)-—D° - from the Custos of Kingston Town - ----- -ibid.

(7.)—Number of Slaves, &c. in St. Thomas and St. David - - - - p. 18.G. (S.)—D° - - - in St. John’s - -- -- -- -- - p.i^.G.

(9.)—D° - - - - in the P.nish of Hanover ----- p.23,G.

(10.)—D° - - - 5n the Parish of St. James ----- p.26.G»

(11.)—D° - - - in the Parish of Sr. Elizabeth ----- - p.28.G.

(12.)—D° - - - in the Parish of Wcfttncrlar.d ----- - p.j6,G.

(13.)—Nava! OfHcer's Return ofimported and exported Negroes - - P.39.G. (14.)—Number of Negroes taxed in the Parish of St. Catherine - - - ibid. (15.)—Number of Negroes in the Parish of St. Dorothy - - - - - p 40.G. (16.)—Number cf Slaves in the Parish of Trelawney - - - - - - P.43.G. (17.)—Number of Negroes in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale - P.47.G. ()S.)—Number of Negroes in the Parish and Island of St. Mary - - - P51.G; (19.)—Another Return from the same Parish - -- -- a- , ibid. N° 8.—'Earl of Balcarrcs to the Duke of Portland; dated 23d March 1800- - - p.j2.G. (One Inclofutc.)

Communication of the Committee of Council to his Honour the Governor, rcla- 7 live to the Increase, &c., of Negroes - -- -- -- -- -- J

( 3 )

G.

G.

JAMAICA.

(Copy.) No. i.—Copy of a Letter from Simon Taylor, Henry

Shirley* George Murray, and Lewis Cuthbert, Esquires, to the Earl of Balcarrcs * dated i*2th December 1797 ; and transmitted in his Lordship's Letter to the Duke of Portland, of December 1797.

Spanish Town, 12th December 1797.

My Lord,

E beg leave to thank your Lordship for the confidential communication, to us, of his Grace the Duke of Portland’s Letter of the 12th of September, and for your anxious desire to accord the expectations expressed by that Minister with the sentiments and interests of the People of this Island.

We afiurc your Lordship that we entertain unlhaken loyalty to the King’s Person and Government, and a rnofl affectionate attachment to Great Britain j both founded in principle j and wc trull we may appeal to your Lordship’s justice, whether we have not on all occasions given ffcady support to your Administration, in the course of which circumffnnces occurred that rendered it necessary to raise enormous taxes on the people; which mult have been (till heavier, had not your Lordship’s activity and exertions for the fafecy and protection of this Country been so happily distinguished.

We are fully convinced of the critical and dangerous situation in which Grc.it Britain and her Colonies are placed from the Enemy we have to contend with, formidable by its power, but still more by unremitting attempts again!! all order, good government, and virtue, eminently detlruCtive to Countries circum (lanced as this is. We are most anxious to join our efforts in common with chose of our fellow Citizens to the exertions of the Mother Country, to repel a Foe from whom we have so much to apprehend., While we make this folcnm declaration of our sentiments to your Lordship, permit us to express how much the Inhabitants of the I (land at large fed themselves injured and oppressed by the supporr, given by some of His Majesty’s confidential iervants to measures calculated in the firfb ihftance not-only to check but effectually to destroy improvements which arc now rapidly carrying on in all parts of this valuable Colony, promising the greateff advantages to the {lability of the Island by increasing its population, and affording tiiofe means from which alone revenue qm flow, in a degree far beyond all former experience. Ministers well know thartaxes cannot be borne but in proportion to the prosperity of the Country in which they are laid, and that such prosperity muff be the effe<51 of improvements. There are at this time many hundred thousand acres of land in this Island well calculated to increase our Staples, that only want Labourers (which can be suppiicd no where but from Africa) to be made productive of immense revenue as well as ineffimable advantages to the commerce and navigation of the Parent State.

Should we be deprived of the only means of prosperity aiifingfrom the importation of Negroes, which we are entitled to under the fandiion and encouragement of many Acts of the British Parliament, and should our Staples continue to be raxed with heavy duties, payable on their arrival at the market to which they muff 119. exciufively

G. .4

SLAVE TRADE. —WEST INDIES.

Jamiica. exclusively be sent in the first instance, whereby a great advantage is given to the produce of foreign Colonies over ours at other markets, it is too evident that this Country must be rapidly impoverished ; ics inhabitants, their families, and their creditors ruined; and its Legislature rendered totally unable to provide for the'heavy contingent expences of its Government.

So much has already been urged on the subject of an Abolition of the Slave* Trade, that we shall at present only express 'our surprise that the promoters of that measure should not be impressed with an idea that Negroes must have a much better chance of being made comfortable and happy under Christian Masters, pdlefied of liberal principles, whose authority is limited by law, than Slaves in Africa under savage tyrants poflefiing the power of life and death over their dependants. Your Lordship, who has been in many parts of the I (land, and has had opportunities of knowing the treatment and condition of what may be properly called its Pcafantry, can, and we trull will, bear testimony for us in this respcdl, that they are "treated \vith mildness and humanity.

As individuals affectionately attached to the Parent State, we have laid before your Lordship pur sentiments on objects which, in our opinion, deserve the serious consideration of His Majesty’s Mihiflers, as connected with the prosperity of the Empire at large, and most especially incerefting to this Colony. We have the fulleft confidence that your Lordship will, in any communication you shall be pleased to make of these our sentiments, do juftjee to the purity of our motives.

Wc have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Simon Taylor,

Henry Shirley, . George Murray, Lewis Cuthbert.

(Copy.) No. 2.—Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Balcarres to

his Grace the Duke of Portland; dated Jamaica, 24th December 1797.

(Three Enclosures.)

Jamaica, 24th December 1797.

My Lord,

IN obedience to the commands of His Majesty, and in conformity to your Grace’s letter of the 6th of May 1797* inclosing the Resolutions of the House of Commons of the 6th of April last, I have now the honour to transmit to your Grace an Address from the Council, and also one from the Assembly, to His Most Excellent Majesty.

I have the honour to be, &e.

Balcarres.

To his Grace the Duke of Portland, &c. &c. &c.

(1.) In the Earl of Balcarres’s of the 24th December 1797. JAMAICA, fs. Copy of an Address of the Assembly of Jamaica.

To The King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

The.humblc Address of the Assembly of Jamaica-.

Molt Gracious-Sovereign,

We Your M-ajesty’s dutiful and loyal subjects,. the Assembly of Jamaica, beg leave to return Your Majesty our thanks for having graciously been pleased to give directions to the Governor of this Your Majesty’s island, to recommend to the Council and Assembly to adopt such measures as shall'appear to them belt calculated to obviate the causes that have hitherto, impeded the natural'increase of the Negroes, and most conducive- to their moral and religious improvement-; and' to allure Your

Majesty,

s

/

A M A I € A.

Majesty, that we are anxious to proceed with -effect, but at the iame time, with Jamaica*-prudence, imenafting the most Yalutary'laws for thegovernment of the Negroes.

We have this Session passed two Bills; the one to promote the humane and beneficent views of the BritishLegiflaturc, in removing the evils attending the Middle Pafiage, and to obviate one of the causes that have hitherto impeded the natural •incrcafe of the Negroes; and the’other as highly conducive to their moral and religious improvement.: the first of these Bills grants td Your Majesty a heavy duty, which will operate as a prohibition on all imported Negroes above twenty-five years of •age, and gives a power to the Magistrates of every parish where Negroes .may be imported and fold, to appoint proper officers to inspect them before they can be landed, and to report to the Receiver General furh as they may find of that deferip-tion on board -, oaths are required, and severe penalties are infiifted to enforce these regulations.

We know from long experience, that young Negroes are mod easily reformed and corrected of the vicious habits they imbibe in Africa, and are more Tuccefsfully ir.ftrufted in the -principles of morality and religion, and brought to a life of industry,

•than when grown up to manhood ; because, in their own country they are accustomed, except at particular times, to a life of idleness. The second of these Bids places the Clergy of this Island on the mod /efpeftable footing; it railes their ftipendsto £.-70. deriing per annum, besides their “glebe (which in some parishes is very considerable) their surplice fees, and other emoluments, which from time to. time have been granted them; and it provides an ample fund for the support of their Widows and Orphan Children. In consideration of these great advantages, the Clergy are by this Bill enjoined to instruft in the doctrines of the Chridian Religion such Negroes as may be willing to be baptized on every Sunday, and at a time to be appointed by the Rectors.

We have to lay at the foot of Your Majesty’s throne a Law pafiedin 174s, granting ecclesiastical jurisdiction to the Bishop of London, but to represent that this jurisdiction has never (seen exercised, and that vve are anxious to fee the fame placed in the hands of Your Majesty’s Representative in this Island; and we pray, "that a power be vested in him to censure, iufpend, or remove any Clergyman who may be complained against, in such a manner, and according to such regulations as (lull hereafter be provided for by the Legislature of Jamaica;, with a right of appeal, in case of removal, to any Court in Great Britain Your Majesty may be pleased to approve.

We can with truth afifure Your Majesty, that no opportunity, no circumstance, which may enable the Assembly of Jamaica to make further provisions to secure to every person in this I Hand the certain, immediate, and active protection of the Law, in proportion to their improvement in morality and religion, shall be neglected; but. we mud at the same time declare, that we are actuated by motives of humanity only, and not with any view to the Termination of the Slave Trade.

The right of obtaining labourers from Africa is secured to Your Majesty’s faithful Subjeers in this Colony by several Britishi Acts of Parliament, and by several Proclamations of Your Majesty’s Royal Anceftorsthey or their predecessors have emigrated and settled in Jamaica, under the nioftfolemn promiles of this (abfolurcly necessary) assistance, and they can never give up, or do any act that may render doubtful this efientia! right.

We have the utmost reliance on Your Majesty’s paternal goodnels, that this right shall remain inviolate, as long as they shall remain faithful to Your Majesty, and true to the allegiance they owe to the Imperial Crown of Great Britain.

* 1 \g.

7 B

<3. 6

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

Jamaica.

(2.) In the Earl of Balcarres’s of the 24th December 1797*

Copy.) Copy of an Addreis of the Council of Jamaica.

JAMAICA.//.

To the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

The humble Address of the Council of Jamaica.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Council of Jamaica, •beg leave to approach Your Majesty’s throne, humbly to offer our thanks for your having been graciously pleased to give directions to the Governor of this Your Majesty’s island, to recommend ro the Council and Assembly tire adoption of fudt measures as may appear to them bell calculated to obviate the catifes which have hitherto impeded the natural increase of the Negroes, and mod conducive to their moral and religious improvement. Ever foiscitous to efiefttiate, as much as lies in our power, the welfare and salutary government of the Negroes, we have this Session given our mod cheerful concurrence to two Bills, which appear to us well calculated for that purpose: the one, further to remove the evils attending their pafljgc ro this Country, by imposing a prohibitory duty on all Negroes imported into this island .above the age of 25 Years, and c.m/ing Infpc&ors to be appointed at every place where Negroes may be imported and fold, to report to Your Majesty’s Receiver •General all such as they may discover of that description on board of any vert'd; with drift oaths .and severe penalties to enforce and securt* the Regulations of the Act.

Negroes imported above a certain age, are too deeply rooted in the savage preju-•dices, and the vicious and lazy habits prevalent in Africa, ever to be civilized or to become industrious and faithful labourers.; and long and invariable experience has .taught us, that such Negroes are generally among the In It to excite and commence acts of disobedience and rebellion. On the other hand, cite mln.'s of the young Negroes of Africa are frequently docile and ingenious, and noc difficult to be trained up ito indudry, mildness, and due subordination; and are capable of icccivingulcful in-fbuftions in the principles of morality and religion.

With regard to the second Bill, ics c.\icf objeit is to raise the ftiperJs of the Clergy •of this island, and to render the pecuniary firuaclon of themselves, :t:ul their .families after their death, easy and respestable; in return for which munificence, the Rectors of the several Parishes are enjoined by this Bill to allot a portion of lime, either before or after the performance of Divine Service every Sabbath Day, for the infiruction of such Negroes as may be desirous of becoming Chrillians.

We shall on all occasions be happy to dernonstrate our allegiance and attachment to Your Majesty’s Person and Government, in bellowing t very dutiful attention upon whatever objects Your tViajelty may be pleased to recommend to our confldcra-cion.

Paflfed the Council,

.the 23d day of December 1797.

(3). In Earl of Balcarres’s of 24th December 1797.

(Copy.)

JAMAICA.//. An Act for laying a Duty on all Negroe Slaves that shall

be im|joined into this island from the Coafr of Africa, who fnali be above a certain Age; and for regulating the manner of ascertaining such Age.

Preamble. Whereas many inconveniences have arisen and may arise, and much mischief may be done to the inhabitants of this island, by the importation of old Negro Slaves from the Coart; of Africa for file in this island, it having been found by experience, that jold Negroes are in general the people who have hitherto promoted icbellions and

rebellious

JAMAICA.

7 G.

rebellious conspiracies among the other Slaves? and it being very difficult to civilize Jamaica, and season new Negroes who arc above a certain age, whereby the preventing, as far as may be, importation into the said island, of Slaves of that dele iption, will be for the general benefit and advantage of the inhabitants thereof? therefore, we Your MnjefTy’s dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beleccliYour Majesty, that it may be emitted: Be it therefore emitted by the Lieutenant Governor, and Council and Assembly cf this Your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby emitted and ordained by the authority of the same,*That from and after the thirty • fir ftday of December, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand leven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, and paid unto Your Majesty, Your Heirs, and Successors, a duty of ten pounds upon every Slave above the age of t.venty-five years, that shall be imported or brought into any harbours, bays, ports, creeks, roads, havens, or quays, in or belonging to this Island, or at or near Port Royal quays,* from the Coast of Africa, whether dirett or otherwiic, and whether such Slaves shall be for sale or.not, to be paid by the Mailers, Owners, or Importers of every such Slave, and which said duty shall be over and above, and in addition to any other duty or duties made or to be marie chargeable and payable on the Slaves imported as aforefiiid, by any law •or laws of this Island, and shall be payable in the manner diretted by such laws re

A duty of tea pounds upon

every Slave above *5 >'< ati ol age that shall be imported.

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Custos Rotulo-

of

Infpcfton to bs appointed.*

Sr. Thomas in the Raft three, for St. David three, for Sr. Mary three, for Sc. George three, for Potrlaml three, for St. Ann three, for Trclawney three, stir Sc. Janies three, for Hanover three, for VVcftmnrcland dree, for St. Llizabedi three, lor Vercthiec, and for St. Dorothy three? which laid Inspectors fl> appointed, or any two of them, shall within twenty-four hours after the arrival of any ship, ffiow, brig, fioop, or other veil'd, having on board any Slaves from the Coast of Africa, whether dirett or otherwise, at any pore or bay in cr bdnnging to any partfli wherein

oath or affirmation lhal! be as follows:

“ Jamaica, Js.— Personaliy appeared before me, A. B. and C. D. Inspectors appointed by virtue and tinder authority of an Att of the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, intituled, ‘ An Act for iayirg a duty on all Negro Slaves that shall be imported into this Island from the Coall of Africa, who shall be above a certain age; and for regulating the manner of ascertaining such ages and made oath on the Holy Evangrlifts of Almighty God, That they have in-spettedand examined a cargo of new Negro Slaves now on board a cettr.in fliipor vessel, -called the whereof is Mailer or

Commander, airived from ami that there were shewn to them by

the said or by atting in his behalf,

Negro or other Slaves? ami those Deponents further say, that according to the best of their judgment, knowledge, and belief of the said Slaves are above the age of twenty-five years ? and they further say, that they have not nor hath either of them, nor hath any person for them or either of 119* them.

C.-.th to be taken.

U 8

SLAV'ETR-ADE-WEST INDIES.

gaqrnca.

Jponlnfpcc* for* making return they arc to have •1/. $d per head from the Coo/ignee or Seller of such Slaves.

Penalties on Mailers and Owners of vrficls for regaling to produce the cargo or cargocj of Slaves of infpc&iou.

Penalty on Jnfpcitor* having accepted of the -laid Appointment, and refilling orr.cg-lecitng to do jtheir duty.

Age of Slave? impvrfed to be ascertain-ci on Oath.

Xf Slaves above 25 year? ol a^e exported be yoopA

them, direelly or indirectly received any fee or reward for making this return; or. are promised, or will receive from any person, or by any means whadbever, .any fee or reward for making the same, except the allowance to which they are entitled under the said Ad:” Which-oath shall be duly administered and attested by ant Magistrate of the parish where such* infpc&ion dial! be made.

Andrbedt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Infpc&ors making such return as above directed, /hall have and receive.the sum of one /hilling and three pence per head for every Slave on board such vclTel they fijall.so inlpcft, which said sum of one (lulling and three .pence per head fliallbepaid to the faiti Intycdtors by the Con-flgneeor Svherof such Negro or other Slaves; and in case of'refusal, prof non-payment thereof, any Justice of the Peace for the parish /hall and is hereby empowered and required to enforce payment thereof, and of all charges reasonably incident,'!)/ warrant of.di finds and Talc under his hand and seal, to be levied on the goods and chattels of the person or persons refusing to pay, or not paying as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority afiircfaid, That if any Matter, Owner, or Consignee of any ship, floop, or other vessel, shall refuse to permit such Infpcdhfrsto come on board his said strip, floop, or other vessel *, or shall refuse to produce the cargo *of Negro or -other Slaves before such Inspectors for infpc£lion, within the time before limited; or shall land, fell, or dispofc of any. of the Slaves so imported before such infpc&ion hath been:made and ^reported, according to the true intent and ir,caning of this Act, every such Matter, Owner, or Conflgncc shall for. every offence respedivdy forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons; 'being appointed an Inspector or Insepctors, and having accepted of the llmLappaint-menc under the authority of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to do his or their duty as therein required of him, every such person lb offending /hall forfeit the /um of five hundred pounds for each offence, and be for ever after rendered incapable of acting as such Inspector: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that if any Slaves imported, and for whom the aforesaid duty shall have been paid, shall be actually exported olr this Island within two months after such importation, for any other Island, dominion, or territory, there shall be repaid by the Receiver General to the Exporter or Exporters of such Slaves, at and after the rate of ten pounds per head fur each Slave reported above the age of twenty-five years, provided that the said sum of ten pounds per •head on new Negroes to be exported shall not be paid by the find Receiver General .until the Exporter or Exporters shall have given to the Receiver General, or. his lawful Deputy, facisfadory proof upon oath that the said new Negro Slaves To Intended to be exported, arc bmijitle pare of the Slaves on which the additional duty of ren pounds imposed by the Ad hath been paid, and shall with good andfmnciene fccuricy enter into bond, to be lodged in the Receiver General’s ofike, conditioned that ho or they, nor any person or persons for him or them, will notreiand or eauTc to be relanded In any port, bay, haven, or creek, in or belonging to this Island, any of the Slaves so exported, without givin" notice of such rdanding to the Receiver General, or his lawful Deputy, within forty-eight hours after any such. Slaves, shall have been relanded; and the sum of money which shall be mentioned and exprdfed in the said bond, /hall be for double the amount of che sum. paid by the Receiver General to the Exporter or Exporters for the whole of the cargo' of Slaves so exported; and in case of non-compliance with the condition of the said bond, the fame/hall become forfeited to the use and benefit of the person prosecuting for the fame in the Supreme Courr, or either of the Courts of Afiize in this Island.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ages of Slaves to be exported shall be nfeertained and reported on oath, as in the case of imported Slaves above che age of twenty-five years, by the aforefiiid Inspectors, or any Two of them; and for their trouble therein, such Inlpccfors shall be entitled to have and demand a fee at and after the rate of two /hillings and sixpence for each Slave in/pc&ed and examined.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Slaves so exported, who are above the age of twenty-five years, shall atrany time subsequent to such exportation be brought into any harbour, port, bay,. Haven, creek, or quay in or

belonging

J a ¥i A I g A. 3*

r

t>

belonging to this Island, they Hiall be subjedand liable to the duty hereinbefore ‘filiposed on'Slaves coming from 'the-foMbtif Africa j-afldthe.ship or vclTel in which ♦ th£ fame shall be so returned,* slid. Ihfe Maker'or Cdmmander thereof, and all persons interested, ffinli be liable to the fame hilfcs Knd regulation* as is hereinbefore enabled and. provided in respect to .Chips or veflek bringing new Negro Slaves from the *'£da{t of Afrifa br elfcwhci'fc. ‘ '

Ahd be it endued by elite authority kTorefaitU That if Wife Owner# MilWr, Com

atfaliiMkrfi Iflanddullbc liable toduty.

Penalty on Mastery, ice* of vesseli uf-ing any act w conceal the age of Slave*.

or oiled the body or bodies of any SjavtOC Slavfcs on board fuchship'or velTcl, hr 'tirade ufc rfany other ntt*.A.r.s dr afttf?ce\ih pfder to concCal or prevent th<f afcfcfiaihidg tire frfpcdivfc k:>cs of such Slavei, Kfc* (lull for every ol?rncfc forfeit the fum‘of tfto . hundred pounds, on pfOof being hall 6<ifoffc’ dhjr Justifcc of the Peid by.thb oath of onorir rhore coYripe'icric wkndfsbr kitiWlfts. • * * *1*-

* And be it further enacted bV the aUthoHtf aforesaid,* That the Md’ffief to lfc; levied, Wow morie*

’‘J • - colleilcd by

this Act are u> be spoiled.

to and for loch plfrp&fts ns shall be at any- time dirededby any Act of the’Lf^ifliturc of this 1 fiand: Arkl'be it cnacicd, That <h£ said Receiver General fbi* the tifrte •being fiuli,- fordoing his duty herein, retdiif and keep out of the mbniciffif to’ be coiledid at rind after the rate of fiVe pounds*jiitfr ccftt.1 ah'd ho Chore. *

And be k codfled by the authority afore fiiUH That tlifc Rdcidr General- for th*e trait being shall, belbre he officiates pursuant to this *Ad, With .good and. Riffitreric

* security, such as* a board of the Comniillionc'r's of Public 'Accounts shall -ap’jfrcfe,

‘enter into bond m tire Secretary's Office of fh:.< IClindto our 'Sovereign' Lbhlthe King, his Heirs and Socccffors, in the sum of five thoulhnd pounds current‘money of Jamaica, conditioned that he, his heirs, executors, or administrators, shall render and give to any Assembly when fitting, or to the commissioners appointed Or to, be .appointed for Rating and settling the public accounts, a just and true account! of all monies by liirh rctcived in purfuand of this Act when thereunto required} and that he, his heirs, executors, or administratonv shall- pay over all such sums of money as he shall lb receive to such person or pcifons as ftiail be lawfully authorized so receive die fame.

And be it c’naded by the authority afor’efaid, That all penalties iiV thj^Ad men- petitioned,• and n'oc declared in what manner* tHeV shall be recovered’ iH'the; Supreme utj *iv rcco-

versb5? ar.d applied.

Receiver General t* enter into bund.

‘-Government of this Island, and'tlite Contingent charges thereof,* and disc* of her moiety the informer,; t>r Iditt, her, or them'who shall fuc for the fr.fnc. *'

And be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid*, Thai this A’dy'arul cVer'y clause, matter, and thing therein contained, Dial! continue and be in %cc‘frblriVtHc thirty-first- day* of December, which will be in the year of our Ldrd'one fh'oiiiaH'd fdven lumdred and riinetyieigh’t, uniil the thirty-first: day of Dcccmbef diie tliobfah'U'CigHc Jlundfed-arid1 ohei .arid no .longer.

Duration of this A A.

* *J1 t * <

\

Palled t headlined I -consent this 23d

this' actH -diy of day of Dec.

.Dec. *797* • Balcarres.

M A/kbiftn, Afs* CC1.

•* Vera Co’pia ITxr.

Passed fhlf A ...._,

this* »lith‘ dajf of Dec.* 1797.

i » ,

JDcft. Campbell, Speaker. Gv/tBifcn^S cc'.*

n 9.

C.

G. -I©

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

; Jamaica.

No. 3.—Extra# of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to the Earl of Balcarres j dated . Whitehall, loth May 1798?

<snip>

'(Copy.) No. 4.—Copy of a Letter from his'Grace the Duke of

<snip>

No. 5.—Ex trad of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Jamaica*. Portland, to the Earl of Balcarres; dated Whitehall,

10th August 1799.

IN the Letter I had the honour of writing to your Lordship on the 25th of May last, I called your attention to the, further measures to be taken by the Legislature of Jamaica, w.ith a view .to the speedy and effectual improvement of tha condition, and consequencly to the increase of the population of the Negroes in that Island. At the same time, 1 particularly urged you on the subject of the suggestions transmitted inmy Letter to you of the 23d of April 1798.

Your Lordship I hope, therefore, will not fail to furnish me with the result of your enquiries and further proceedings on this subject, before- the commencement or as early in the course of the next S'dfion of Parliament as possible.

(Copy.)

No, .6.—Copy of a .Letter from the Earl of Balcarres to the Duke of Portland; dated Jamaica, 5th Jan. 1800.

(Two Eticlosures.)

My Lord,

I have the honour to inclose to your Grace, an humble Address from the Council and Assembly of Jamaica, to His Most Excellent Majesty.

1 have the honour to be;.

My Lord,

Your Grace’s most obedient humble servant,

(Signed) Balcarres.

To his- Grace the Duke of Portland, &c. &c. &c.

(i.) In the Earlof Balcarres’s of the 5th January 1800.

JAMAICA. Js. To the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

The humble Addrels of the Council and Assembly of Jamaica.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Council and Assembly of Jamaica, most humbly beg leave to submit to your Majesty’s consideration the very great apprehensions entertained by the inhabitants of Jamaica, arising from the dangers that may follow even a difeuftion of their rights to the properties which they hold in this Colony under Patents from your Majesty and your Royal Ancestors; from a threatened abolition of the Slave Trade, either partial or total; from an alteration of the measures which have been uniformly pursued by the Legislature of this island toenfure its lafety, by encouraging settlements in the interior parts of the country; from the perilous situation in which they are placed by the evacuation of the Mole Saint Nicholas, and the district of Jeremie; and by the subsequent intercourse which has taken place between the Government of this Island and that of Saint Domingo.

We beg leave to represent to your Majesty, that the regular force Rationed in rhis Island,’ is undoubtedly inadequate to the protection of this Colony at the prdenc critical period, in consequence of which, your Majesty’s faithful iubjeds have been compelled, as the only expedient' in their power, to put the Island under Martial Law.

We do most solemnly assure your Majesty, that we.are anxious to render the situa-tion of our Slaves as comfortable as can be done, consistently with their condition and our own safety'.

Wc place the fulleft confidence in your Majesty’s paternal solicitude for the welfare of your people, and that our representations will be graciously considered by ycur Majesty, and be productive of that redress and protection which are earnestly implored by your Majesty’s faithful and loyal subjects of this Island.

Palled the Council this 22d day of Dccr 1799.

(Signed) M. Jtkhfon,

Clk Council.

119.

Passed the Assembly this

22d day of Dec' 1799. (Signed) Kean Ojborn, Speaker.

G. is. SLAVE TRADE—WEST INDIES.

Jamaica.

, (2.) Trar.fmiucd in the .Earl of Balcarres's of the 5th of January 1800.

Extract of a Report made and agreed to by the House of Assembly at Jamaica, on zo'th free. 1799, by a-Committee appointed to take into Cofifidenitibn the general State of the Colony, &c.

That it appears to the Committee, by authentic information received from Great • Britain, that it is the intention of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, by the authority of the British Parliament,- to prevertt'the extension of the cultivation of this Coiony by new Settlementsand, indeed, this seems to' be the chief feature of the notice he gave in the House of Commons, for effecting the gradual and complete - abolition of the Slave Trade, by rendering the further importation of African Negroes into the Colonies of less necdHcy: In his calculation, however, on this fub--jedt, he has totally overlooked the important consideracion with respedb to Plantations already folded not having a sufficient number of labourers now on them, to make them productive in any proportion to their capability} which is a fact too notorious-to be controverted j and his declaration, if) the notice given1 of the niea-sure he meant to introduce into Parliament the following Session, that the further increaso -of Negro population in this Colony would prove highfy dangerous to the white inhabitants, from the inequality of the numbers, is, in the opinion of the Committee, erroneous in the extreme: nothing can lb greatly contribute to the increase of white population, and rhat too of the description likely to be most uleful for our security, as the encouragement of small settlers in the interior: the observa-tion on this subjeciq contained in the very able Report made to the House the 23d of November 1792, cannon be tqo often repeated, and the increase of small Settlements made, almost excfufively, by persons who have been Overseers, Tradesmen, and Book-keepers- since chat, period, clearly shews how far the* encouragement to such feeders has tended-to the population of the-country.

That fnculd the prospects which have hitherto been held out to people of this, .description, of acquiring, property in Land and Negroes, be taken, away, or in- any considerable degree checked, no persons will adventure to this Country in which any . confidence can be placed... to be employed on Plantations-as Overseers,. Tradesmen,

. and Book-keepers, without which it is impossible to carry on Plantations to any extent. The Island would then be reduced to the neccfliry of employing- low and worthlels persons in these ficuations, from whose conduct no good could be expected,

‘ blit the very contrary would be the case; in a very few years we should be reduced in the most useful white population required for agricultural ptirpofcs, in a very alarming degree, such would be the dTeft, fnouid the erroneous ideas of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, with respect to preventing new settlemcnrs, and the abojp rion of the Slave Trade, be realized. The Committee beg leave to (late on-this subject, that the island of Jamaica is very differently circumstanced to almost all other-British West India Islands, which, being circumscribed inland, cannot admit of further extension in Settlements, and have long, since been possessed of.asufficienc number of'labourers for carrying on their Plantations That it appears from the books of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, that there are in this Island, 2,i76,o13o acres aflefifed to pay the land tax and quit rents; of which quantity, a proportion of not less than one half may be estimated not to be in a£hial culture, but affording an ample field, not only for the improvement and extension of Settlements in the interior already begun, but alia for numerous hew settlements. T9 prove this in a clear manner, the Committee beg leave in-this place to shew, from the statement of coffee settlements in the Appendix, the great difpro-pertion in the whole quantity of land composing them, with the quantity in-adboal "cultivation, which, taken in an aggregate point, is as followsNumber, of plantations 348; total quantities oflandis, 128,346; land in actual cultivation in coffee, 15,343!; and land in provisions, which last the Committee estimate at one half of the quantity in coSec. Another material observation here to be made, is the very'small proportion

Act-

J A MATO A,

13

patron of tfiePrbprietbf&df th^ftHiiCtrio^TetHcrnefits, th'af are absentees,- which By Jamaica!; the statement before referred to, is shewn to be, out of the whole number of fe‘f-' tle'mdhft; tb'd o'nly 3-3 are' absent?. The advantages that would unavoidably flow front-the' ext'cnfib.b- and Culture of such settlemerits, both' to the population a'nd rlie productive pYorperty of t!ic; country, as welf as to the navigation,- commerce, and manufactures of Great Britain; are too evident to require any: argument in favour of the encou'rage'ment that-ought fto be held* out by the Legiflatui'e for their suppor.c:

•fhould the British Government proceed in their threatened measures, if in oft appear to' the whble worlds that the Inhabitants and Proprietor's of this Country .will- be made the object's of the ifioft pointed political oppression; oh their parts riot only’' totally unmeriteo), but on the contrary, they have, at lead equally with any ocher description of His1 Majesty’s subjects, on all occasions evinced' their loyalty to the Sovereign1,--and their attachment to the Mother Country.

That the Gommittee beg leave to observe, that the ftrortg measure adopted -in the felTions of 17.97,. and carried, into; effect in the last session, of paying and subsisting > two. chouland men for the defence, of the Island, at its foie- expenc.e, is intended to ipereafe the internal population by settling these men, and granting, them small portions of land, afeer the expiration of the- term of their military engagements: this forms one of the most advantageous features of a measure- sanctioned by Royal approbation,. and that of the King’s Ministers; how it is to be cffedled,. should the policy of the British Government, with respect to preventing further extension of fec-tlem.ents.- in the interior, be pursued, the Committee leave to the Idoufe to judge. 4

That the Committee now proceed to date to the House their observations and opinions, with respect to thefteps that: have been taken in the British Parliament, since the Report-made in the.Sessions in 17,9a,- either to abolish the Slave Trade, or todimic, the lame;, and how far such measures may contribute to the internal safety ofjhe Colony: here they deem it necessary to insert,- briefly, the measures introduced into Parliament on thac.subject; yiz. ...

26th' February 1793.—Mr. Wilberforce' ritoved, That the House should, on' Thursday next, resolve itself-into a Committee of che w-hole House, to consider the circumft'ances of the African Trade; which was opposed by Sir William Young; wlio/movecj an Amendment, ec that this day fix months” be inserted in-'the place ef “ Thursday next;'’’ which was carried, 61 to 53.

24th May 1793.—Mr. Wilberforce submitted two Motions to the House of Commons ; one for .-abolishing -the Trade for supplying foreign territories with Slaves', which he carried by a majority of 7 : the other, for limiting and regulating the importation'of Slaves into the'British Colonies, for a time to be limited, he loft by-a* majority of 10..

8th. February 1794.—Mr. Wilberforce moved for leave to bring in a Bill, for preventing the supply of foreign territories with Slaves from the coall of Africa in British vessels, which was carried by a majority of 23.

5th May 1794.—Lord Grenville' moved the1 House of Lords to postpone the flicond-reading of the Bill to prevent the supplying Foreigners with Slaves, to- the 1 ft of September, which was carried.

28th February 1795.—Mr. Wilberforce moved for leave to bring in a Bill, for •an abolition of the African Slave Trade, at a time to-be limited'; which was put off for six months, by a majority'of 17.

3d. March 1796.—A Bill for abolifhihg the Slave Trade was read a second time; •majority 64 to 31.

• 5th May-1796'.—This Bill was rejected.

6ch April ly'^.-^Ir. Charles Ellis made a Motion respecting the Slave Trade, and the-Negroes,in the West: India Colonies; whjch was taken into consideration by slie House of A'fiembly on the 21ft of December in that year.

15th May 1797.—Mr. Wilberforce moved for leave to bring* in a Bill to abolish the Slave Trade, which was negatived : Noes 82 to 74.

* 2d April 1798.—Mr. Wilberforce made a Motion for abolifhirig the Slave Trade, -at a time to- be'limited, which was negatived : Noes Sy-against 82.

' 119. 7D 8th June

*'G. 14 SLAVE TRADE—WEST INDIES.

1

Jamaica. .8 th J.une 1798.—Slave carrying Bill is passed in the fame formit was in .the* proceeding year. - -

1'ft March <1799.—Mr. Wilberforce moved the . Commons for. abolishing the. Slave Trade, at a time to be limited, which was negatived: Ayes 54; Noes 84.. :

June 1799.—A Bill passed the Commons for prohibiting the Slave Trade on the* *Coast of Africa, within certain limits.—(Mr. Thornton’s.Bill.)

5th July 1.799.—The House of Lords reject Mr. Thornton’s Bill: Ayes 32; Noes 25,; Proxies on each fide 36.

10th July 1799.—'House of Lords make an Order, on motion of Lord Gren-'V-ille, for the production of log-books of vessels carrying-on the Slave Trade to the--coast of Africa.

•nth July <1799.—Mr. Pitt gave notice in the House of Commons, of his intention to bring forward some propositions relative to the Slave Trade, which he considered to be eflcntially necessary to the lafety of the British West India Colonies.

That no measure that has engaged the attention .of the British Parliament, at any time, -has had a more full investigation than this of the Slave Trade. The Legislature of this Country has, at various times, fully considered the subject in every point of view. ’There (lands upon the Minutes of the House, a very able Report thereon, presented’ •the 16th October 1788. On the 12th November 1789, another Report was made; ‘in which was recommended a free conference with the Council on the subject, which &odk place on the 3d of December of the same year. At that conference twelve re-lolutions were entered into, which were reported to both Branches of the Legislature, and approved; and a Retncnftrance, grafted thereon, in temperate yet spirited language, to both Houses of Parliament, declaratory of the rights of the Well India Colonies, protelling against any innovation of those rights, and claiming that pro-tedion to which they are entitled by the mod sacred engagements on the part of the Parent Country, was framed at the same time; the whole of which the Speaker was directed to transmit to the Speaker of the House of Commons. Many other dif-cufilons on the Slave Trade have occurred since the date of the Report last mentioned; and the Committee have particularly to notice the Addrels of the House, of the and December 1797, to His Majesty, in which they have solemnly declared -their right, under several Acts of Parliament, and by several Proclamations of his Royal Ancestors, to the full benefit of obtaining labourers from Africa; and that, they never can give up, nor do any ad that may render this essential right doubtful.

That there remains not a doubt, in the opinion oftbeCommirree, that the advocates for an abolition of the Slave Trade, in both Houses of Parliament, finding that the public clamours throughout Great Britain with, respecc to it (winch were encouraged and fomented by the mod artful and injurious mifrepresentations). have in a great measure subsided, and after due reflection on the f.ibjed, that the public mind has been undeceived, now intend to died their favourite measure of abolition in an indirect manner, by plans, which however plausible as to the manner in which they are offered, are not the Ids insidious, and which, if not refilled, will in their .consequences involve the gradual decay of the prosperity of this valuable Colony, and ultimately dfed its destrudion.

That the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Slave -carrying Trade, is undoubtedly calculated to leflfen the number of Negroes to be broughc from Africa to the British Colonies, by laying a diced restraint on the profits •of the British Trader, and thereby causing a very great rife in the price of Slaves in the Colonial markets: in this Act are contained many new clauses, enading new rellraints and severe penalties, all tending to clog the Trade with every diladvantage .and difficulty; to elucidate which, the Committee.beg leave to refer to the Adiffelf.

That the limitation Bill, for abolishing the Trade on one-third of the Slave Coast of Africa, which was loft in the House of Lords, was certainly intended, by its Supporters .in both Houses, to be the first stage of their plans for abolishing the Trade entirely.

That the Committee think themselves in duty called upon to (late to the House, show much this Colony in particular is indebted to his Royal Highness the Duke of

Clarence,

JAMAICA;' 1 $.GA

Clarence:/for ,his indefatigable exertions, and very able and jpirUed arguments -in. Jamaica our support, in the debate in die House of Lords on this Billj, whichj in:-a Very great measure, contrib.ute'cf to its rejection.

That it is more than probable that a similar. Bill may be brought; forward in the * present Session c>f Ta.rliament, .in addition to-.the. propositions of 'Mr. Pitt on, the -subject of the Slave Trade, the outlines of which he announced as before stated..

That from the several,proceedings in the Britiili Legislature on thissubject, the/. Committee entertain the most, serious apprenenfionSj as they ail tendjdircflly to afjail . and to destroy the capitals veiled in the West India Settlements, at, the invitation/, by the encouragement, and on the plighted .faith of the Crown, and of Parliament. It . is.too true to admit ofadoubt, .that the very existence of the Britishv West India Colonists and their families,as well as the security of their Creditors, depend wholly on the (uccels of those investments. The period ,is now arrived which require,1;,In self defence, that, they should- make the strongest proteliations, calculated tb avert! the imminent evils with which they ate threatened by the continuance of the policy pursued by some, of .His Majesty’s Ministers against their mod sacred rights,: a policy which the Committee does not hesitate to give as their, opinion) is equally unwise as .it is unjust and cruel.

That whatever our enemies in Great Britain may presume.to afiert to;the contrary, . it is certain that the Legislature of Jamaica has done every thing possible to be done, tc render the condition of the Slaves therein as favourable as is confident with their reasonable services, and the.safety of the white Inhabitants. To provethis they refer to their Statutes on that subject.; and within -those ten years, it is particularly tb be remarked, that ir’has been the coriftanr. endeavour of the Planters of this Island, unitedly as well'as individually,-to promote-and secure the-comforts of their Slaves: Thac the fame conduct will be continued there is every reason to expect, more especially as the most essential interests of Proprietors are so strongly connected with the welfare and prosperity of their Labourers. The Legislature of the Island is alone competent to determine on such future measures. as may be expedient further to contribute to this very salutary object, founded on principles of humanity and justice, as well as good policy. There can be no doubt, that the (late and condition of rhe Slaves have of late been greatly meliorated, and from the attention and care of the Legislature in enabling such further regulations as may be necessary, in aid of the humane dispo-fitions of the Inhabitants, that the condition of their Labourers will be further greatly improved, and population by Negroes born and reared in the Country encreased: but measures best calculated to forward these two important objects mult be adopted gradually, in order to facilitate and effect the purposes intended. In pursuing this find of conduct, the Legislature, as well as the Inhabitants, will do all that can be reasonably expected by the British Parliament, and which certainly ought to protect them against the vi'olations of Rights, which a sacred regard to national justice and good faith ought to secure co them inviolably. The being iupplied with Labourers from Africa for supporting, improving, and extending Settlements already made, and also for making new fctrlements in lands within the Island, the property of individuals, is a right most sacredly pledged to us; and any attempt to take away or reftridb that right, so as to abridge the supply necessary not only to maintain the present (lock and the present cultivation, but also to enable the Proprietors of lands granted by the Crown for the express purpose of being settled, mult unavoidably defeat the lawful intentions of the Inhabitants by their labour and exertions to improve their own fortunes, and thereby efientially co contribute to the' riches and prosperity of the Empire at large.

That this House is therefore called upon, in a peculiar manner, at this momentous crisis, by the duty they owe to thernselves and their condiments, to reforc to every constitutionai measure to refill the evils with which they are threatened.

That the Committee, upon considering the state of the culture of this Island, have endeavoured to shew how much its security against internal or external danger will be rendered more este<5tual and permanent from the settling numerous plantations in the interior.

That should the Country be deprived of the right to procure Slaves from the 119. * Coast

G. 16

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

Jamaica. Coafll of Africa, to improve and? extendi the numerous- settlements--already made' therein, a. very great proportion! thereof mud be- undoubtedly- abandoned, and;thei Slaves now thereon sold by the Owners to more opulent Proprietors. The fame-cause will; operate to-prevent any new feetkments: being made, and-of courle put an entirerttop; toi the internal roads of communication, on which the fafetyof the Island so greatly depends. It will1 also.operate most- forcibly to- discourage persons, bed* •calculated by morals and education to promote colonization, from migrating-to a Country In which they* can have no prolpeds of acquiring' property. From these-•eSeds, which muftr unavoidably follow an Abolition of the Slave* Trade, it is Tof evident that the internal fafccy. of the Island, infteach of being- promoted by such'-Abolition, as* afierted- by the Chancellor of the Exchequer,-will-be-very‘Highly-endangered, that the Committee think ic unnecessary to- enlarge on’ the subject.

That they have also torftate, that.beneficial* ffieds- have flowed from an- Adpafl*ed in the Sessions of 1797, “ for laying a Duty on*.-all Negro- Slaves- which- shall* be -imported into this. I Hand-from-the Coast of Africa, that shall be above a*cercain age, and for regulating the manner-of ascertaining such age f (the purposes of which-commenced on the 1 fh of January of the pre Pent year). Such a proportion of young Slaves have formed the cargoes imported, as never was experienced* at any time before the. operation -of -that Ad.

No. 7.—-Extract^of a- Letter from, the Earl’ of Balcarres to* the Duke of Portland; dated Jamaica, the 22d bf March iSooi.

(Nineteen Inclosures.),

HAVING laid before KisMajesty’s Council your Grace’s Letter -of the i-dtliof' June, audits.Enclosure, (being u Copy of an- Addrels-from .the House of Commons' to His Majesty, dated the a rth of J.une 1799) I-have now the honour to-enclose as full a Reporc as I- could obtain j and I conceive the reply, of Mr; Taylor, dated' February the 19th, and.addressed' to the- Cleric of the Council, wilTfiifnciently' state the reasons of the Returns being defective.

(Copy.) (5.) In Earl of Balcarres*s, 22d of March iSco.

Circular. Secretary’s Office, Cdober 10th 17990

Sir,

I am commanded by his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, to enclose you Copies of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland, and a Resolution of the H'oufc of Commons, of the nth of the lame monch.

His Lord ship requests that you will use the utmost dispatch in causing to be prepared, an Account, within your District, in exact conformity to the said Letter, and Resolution} and that you will transruit such Account to his Lordship on or before the 1 Hr day of December next, in order to enable him to comply with His Majesty’s special commands.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Honourable (Signed) W. Bullock.

Custos.

(2.), InEarl cf Balcarres’s of 22d‘March 1800.

(Copy.) In Council.

Wednesday, 12th February r.coo.-Ordered, That the Clerk of the Council do write a letter to the several Ctiftodes who have omitted, making Returns, in consequence of the Refolueions of Council, bearing date the 5th of October Jaft, requesting them, to make such returns with all possible dispatch^ or to assign the reasons which form an obllacle. thereto.

M. Atkinfotiy

CL Coiic,.

i

\

;j:a m a i c a:

r(j.) "In Earl of Balcarres’s of 22d March »i Soo.

’(Copy.) ' ‘In-Council.

21 ft March i860,.

His Honour the Lieutenant Governor laid before the Board several Returns • made by the.Custodes of the different pari foes, in obedience to his Honour’s com-•mands, signified to them oh the 5th October. laHr, and desired the opinion and /advice of the Council as to the disposal of them.

The Board, having taken the fame into consideration, were of opinion that they were in general defective, and by no means in conformity .to the Resolution of the 1 House of -Commons j but as there appeared no prospect of accounts being .procured .with a greater degree of accuracy, the Board recommend his Honour to transmit them tin their presentftatc to his‘Grace the Duke of Portland,

M. Aikinjon,

Ch Cone.

/

17 G.;

.Jamaica...

.(4.) In Earl of Balcarres’s of 22d*March i'8oo.

(Copy.) Parish of Saint Ann.,

The number of Slaves in thiszparifo about 16,900. This is taken from the Vestry •or Parifo Books.

The total number of Births.and Deadis -cannot withaccuracy be ascertained.;-however, they are nearly equal. Onerthird of the'Deaths, may be said to be of Negroes imported, more than three years before, and one-third; imported within three years, This partly from-the V.e(lr.y Books, my ownknowlcdge, and-.from what information I .could.collect

.(Signed) .Alexander Fdlarton,

Custos of Saint-Anh.

•Saint Ann, ipthNov, 17:99.

.(5.) In Earl of .Balcarres’s of 2 2d March 1.806.

i(C6Py-)

. . Clarendon, 4th December 1799.

Dear Sin*

In obedience to the, Lieutenant Governor’s request, I haveufed my bc.fi endeavours to procure an. account of the increase and decreafc of Slaves in this parifo, for ahe last three years-; but. l am sorry to say that the Clerk of the Vestry has not as yet been able.to-furnifo me with more., than three.names, who Jiave complied with my public -advertisement. I have reason to apprehend that nosatisfactbry account can ;be obtained untif a more particular mode of giving in Slaves at vestries be established Ay Law. You will be so good as.to report this to his Lordfoip, and believe me with *respect, &c.

Geo. Mackenzie.

'William Bullock, Esquire.

(6.) In Earl of Balcarres’s of 2 2d March 1800.

(Copy;) Kingston, 20th February 1800,

Sir,

I beg leave to inform you, for his Lordfoip’s information, that, in compliance of your former Letter, dated the 10th October lad, I caused to be inserted in the Royal Gazette an advertisement, desiring all persons in this town and parifo to give in to 119. 7 E the

re. iiS

SLATE TRADER-WEST IND'IES.

Jastnica; :the Clerk of the Veffry the several Accounts required, in conformity to his Grace ithe.Duke of Portland’s Letter-of.the 12th of July last, \yhich has not been complied with.; and I beg leave to offer my opinion to his Lordship, as the reason for the inhabitants of this large and populous town’s rnon-compliance, that it is impossible Inch Accounts can be made out in this distridt, with the lead degree of accuracy, as * we have.no registers of .Births and .Deaths of Slaves, nor any documents whatever to go by.

I.have the honour to'be,

John Jaynes. Custps.

miliar. .Bulled, :Esq.

.(7.) »In-Earl of Balcarrcs’s of aid March 1800.

(Copy.) Kingston, 19th February i8co.

Sir,

I received your Letter of the 12th inffant, reminding me of a Letter I had the honour to receive from the Right honourable the Earl of Balcarrcs, dated the 1 oth •of October, requiring me, as Cultos of the parishes and precindis of Sr. Thomas in the East and St. David, to furnish him with an Account of the total number of Negroes then in that Distridt, and the number of Births and Deaths on an average of the lass three years, diffinguishing what proportion of those that died wac.born in •this island, or .had been imported-morel than three years; and what number of those that died had been imported within three years of the time of their deaths; together with the documents on which such Accounts should be founded, in conformity to the Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 11 th of July lass.. I beg you to inform his Lordlliip, that the total number of Negroes, as given into the Veffry for the quarter ending the 28 th day of June 1799, for St. Thomas in the Eaff, was 25,753; and at the giving in for St. David at the same time, die number was 4,64,}; but which of them were Negroes born in the Bland, or Africans imported, I cannot say, as I know of no distin&ion ever made at those times. I will beg you further to acquaint his Lordship, that-it is totally out of my power to furniffi him with any public documents of the number of Births and Deaths on an average of the. lad-three, years, diffinguishing what proportion of them that died* were born in this island, or :had been imported more than three years before; and what number of those that died, had Been imported within three years ,of their death ; as I never knew or ,‘heard of any such Accounts having-been given in at any Vestries, or had been •.required by any law to have been so given in. It is true, that almost every person keeps an Account for him or herself, of what Slaves they possess, as well as of the increase of them by purchases, inheritance, or births.; and also of the ‘decrease by •deaths, sales, or otherwise; but these Lifts they consider as their private property, .and are not obliged by any law to divulge; for my owri part, whenever I have had .the misfortune to lose any Slaves on my properties, I never thought it requisite to imake any remarks, whether they had been three years in the island or not.

I .have the .honour to be, &c.

Simon Taylor^

Custos of the parishes and precindbs of .St. Thomas in.the Eaff and St. David’s.

(Copy.)

5 A M A T rC A. G.

*(;8.) In Earl of.Balcarrcs’s of 22rd March a Soo.

a

’J A M A I C A.—St. J 0H K’S.

St. J 0 H N’S. i * e o 0 w> u CN - £ IA m- V > *e a u 01 rt o ^ ^2 Cl •«» n CO I s N I 3 I £ i . Number of Slaves born. | Number of Slaves whodieJ. Of which numbercead,wcrc.

N A M £ of the P LA.NTATI OK or PROPR'IET OR. 1 .1 N. I ^ O'! ^ N *-* — i 00 N 0 -s w co Sm * £ J 1 £ •» p% £ 00 ~ C\ _c I'. M M j 2 w Cl. O tn j-a- ! ^ £ t ! E* c\, Cs *5 w ~ 1 u ^2 . 0 — J ~ 00 N £ jL1 a -0 ^ £ ] ! VO CV C\ J= ' *-» M r' 0 s fc, “ CO c. r. u 0 0 0 v: a tN. On cn ~ Cs J2 *4 ^ 00 _ M 0 “ . Z CO a. « v « 00 c -I £ A CO CN (s • M On w ^ n 0 “ w ew Q. fl V) J r. u ^ O CO * ; 1 C rf CS ►—» O •£ c u O ca Imported more.than Three Years before Death. Imported within Three Ycafj before Death.

-Shady Grove - - - - 1 1 si m M 1 2 2 3 i 3 1 4 4

within Three Years before Dfalh.

at G<

...JAMA I C A.

,*= - St. JOHN’S. Number of Slaves thereon, 23th March 1799. " " - - J Number of Slaves born, j i Number of Slaves who died. Of which number dead, were.

NAME of the plantation 'or PROPRIETO R. * O' £* tC C\ .c r>. m» pm CO N _ -G . 2 « Q. N § # & ' , C\ mm CO s R 00 * N 0 s u " M 5* C/i i! a p- ' 2 w QO O K * - m S' ON ja 1*+ do ~ N ^ mG . O " aJ ~ CO Q, Cl « » W Q. a u • 3 , W u tu no o\ !>• •* : g to « *! 2*5 ~ ~ 00 fit N O ^ CO mi S 0 Uj %m. Uc K. On i'*' e* M Cn js t-s 00 “ '"'of a - <£ a. H - £ 1 u u, «* » SO ON *> Cn - On jz rv w mm M — N _ *2 j 2 to 0, * O • CO w * IX f * w <*• • *U c (t c; •-1 Cl * JS* m* c «n c im O ea Imported more than Three Years before Death. Imported within Three Year* before Death.

Card - - - - 1 - 1 Il8

Sanguin.ctti, J. - - — — T— — —? — _ MM

*to \Thomas King, ConstabU tf the Parish aforesaid.

“ before written to the several Proprietors of Slaves, or Perioa u having the charge or management of Plantations in the Pirish “ aforesaid, and to requell them to 611 up the Blanks therein, oppolitt “ to the Names of the several Plantations or Proprietors, or other* <* wife to transmit an Account to the lame purport to the Clerk cf 4i the Vestry of’the said Parish, on or before the i6th Day of NV " next, in order that the Circular Letter of the loth of Oft' Inftwt, “ written by order of his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, and u hereunto annexed, may be complied.with. Herein fail riotw 4t make a Return of your proceedings to me, not later than the 44 16 th Day ofNovr aforesaid; and for your so doing this Hull be M your authority. Given under my hand and seal this 23d Day of 41 06P 1799.

« 7. $uitr:

JAMAICA.

13 G*

(Copy.)

($.') In Earl.«r Balcatrc«*$ of.and March ifoo.

H AN Q VEIL

.An ACCOUNT of xhc Number of SLAVES -in,-the Parish of Ha mo vi a, with a Return of the Increase and Decrease of the said Slaves, /or the last Three Years ; as given in upon Oath to- a Vestry -holdea for .receiving Fuch givings-in, the ajdNovcmber 1799.

NAMES

of

PERSONS and PLANTATIONS.

1 Anglin, ‘Wmi deceased - - Paradise - -

21 Ckrke, George - - - - Pennymore -

'SLAVE

TRADE-WEST

INDIES.

NAMES of T.ERSONS and PLANTATIONS. Number of Slaves now in possession. « «r> w U - s. >» 0 u u c t Decrease for Three Years.* Number of Deaths within the . lart .Three Years.

* Natives or Creoles. Africans Three Years or under imported. •» Africans more than Three Years imported;

37 - Blagrove, John - - - 1 Magotty’s- • - 3^4 3?’: 2‘S' ’ 13 41

38 Binns, Edward - - r - - - - - 96 9 I . j. 7 8

J A M A I C A. 25 G.

No. 8.—Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Balcarrcs to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 23d March 1800.

* ^ t

(One Endofure.)

(Copy.) Jamaica, 23d March 1800.

My Lord,

IN obedience to your Grace’s commands, I laid the suggestion, dated 21ft April, andinclosed in your secret letter of the 23d April the 'fame Year, at a very early moment after it's receipt before several of the principal Proprietors in this Island, who then undertook to answer them.

Nearly twelve months having been elapsed without my procuring the promised reply, I thought it expedient to lay those suggestions before the Legislature of this Colony; buc I am sorry to report that the House of Assembljr politively declined giving any answer.

In this situation it only remained for me to call on the Council, in their capacity, as Counsellors, to draw up a reply to those suggestions,' which I have now the honor : to inclok.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(signed) . Balcarres.

To the Duke of Portland,

&c. &c. &c.

In Lord Balcarres’s of the 23d'May,: i Sco.

COUNCIL.

23d March 1800.

THE Committee of the Council* to whom your Honour referred certain queries and suggestions, transmitted % his Grace the Duke of -Portland, dated Whitehall, April 21ft 1798, relative to the increase of Negroes in this Island, and the improvement of their state, have taken the fan^e into their confederation, and are of opinion:

. That the Legislature of this Island have for many years past uniformly manifested the moll sincere and earnest intentions to improve the condition of the Slaves, to the utmost degree that their estate is capable of, and that is consistent with the safety and welfare of the W hite Inhabitants. With this view was passed the consolidateu Slave Act in the year 1791, wherein many essential concdflo^ and provisions are madein their favour, and for their benefit, far beyond what the policy of former laws had deemed expedient, which will clearly appear from a reference to the said Act, and a comparison thereof with the earlier Acts of this Island, regulating the management of the Slaves.

From this dispofuion so' well evidenced, the Committee entertain the fulled: con-fidence, that if the Legislature in their wisdom, may hereafter perceive it possible still to improve their condition, that they will cheerfully adopt all measures for that. purpose that can be reconciled to the principles of safety and found policy.

"With regard to the causes which are supposed to have retarded the increase of Slaves, the Committee are inclined to think they are to- be found principally in the ignorance. of, and want of skill in the midwives, and to the prejudices and immorality of the Negro mothers in common. But as much more particular care and attention are paid of late years, by the several Proprietors to the Negro women in childbed, than was the custorn formerly, they think the evil may reasonably be expected to be growing less.

In answer to the second Query, the Committee find by an official return madeto the Council by the Naval Officer of this Island, that there have been one hundred

thirty

JAMAICA.

tie.

tliifty-one thotifand nine hundred ahd fliirty-fevCn Negfoes imjJdrtfcdjhthtf cbbjlB of Jamaica. Hie hist ten years, and that twenty-five thdufand four HlihdKed and thirty :tiiVCe Sidve£ have been re-exported during that period; and it apjjedVs alFo td life Chnirtiktee, from thb fe turns which have been already rhade by the Clerks ‘of the Peate, that for fourteen parishes, the number transported off the Aland under juditial Sentences, during the lait ten years, is, taking them collectively, one liUtidred dricl fcighty-Btte, and the number executed for crimes taken in the same manner, and for the fame term, is iiinetydlx. But as to the number bf fhdfe pirtlted or kidnapped, your Corriiinidee have not beeri able to obtain any infohmddbri, But they have reaibn tb think fclib number rtiiift be very inconfidelable.

With respect to the number executed and trahfpofted, the Committee thifik it proper to obfciwe, that of tiiofe Before mentioned, levehty-five Were exefcut&d, artd sixty one transported, for being parties concerned iti the lath rebellion of the Trb-kwney MdroOris.

The Committee is not possessed of documents, hor are they attainable by them’, whereby to ascertain what has been bn a compaiiibn of births and deaths, thd anttual difference between them; nor can they ascertain what proportion off the numbers imported has been wanted for the supply of the effaces actually settled, and what for the annual increase of cultivation.

In regard to the third Query and suggestion, the Committee cannot advance any opinion as to what might be the fentinients of the Legislature of this Island, the Assembly not being fitting ; but they are fully impressed with a conviction that they will be ever ready to promote any measure in their power which may be conducive to the improvement of the Slaves, and of their condition, as they have already intimated in their answer to the first query.

The Committee however cannot avoid observing, that they believe it to be a general, if not universal custom, to exempt pregnant women from field or any other hard labour, during a period of more than six weeks, or even two months of their pregnancy ; and from all labour except the care of their children, for the lame time after their delivery. At the time of their delivery, and during the consequent confinement, not only the mother, but the new-born child as well as all other young children flie may have, receive the aid and assistance of the Proprietors, or those acting for them.

In respect to the fourth and fifth Suggestions, the Committee observe, that they are prevented from advancing any opinion on the important subjects therein contained, for the fame reasons which retrained them in the case of the third suggestions, as they arc matters rcferrable to the Legislature at large. But the Committee cannot help observing, as to the appointments of inspeCtors or Visitors to superintend and enforce all regulations enacted in favour of the Negroes, instead of the present Courts of protection, that such measure is not expedient, and may be productive of great confusion and inconvenience.

On the sixth Query, the Committee have to state, that by a law of this Island, passed in the year of our Lordi 1797, intituled, “ An Act for the better establish-" meat of the Clergy of this Island, to oblige the Justices and Vestries to build a “ Church and a Parsonage-house in their respective parishes and for establishing a “ fund or provision for the support and maintenance of the Widows and Orphan “ children of deceased Clergymen.” An addition is made to the stipend of all the beneficed Clergy in this 1 {land, who are by the said Jaw directed and required to alloc a portion of time, either before or after the performance of divine service, every Sunday in c’neir respective Churches to chriffen such Negroes or other Slaves as {hail desire it, as well as to instruCt all Slaves who {hall attend for that purpose, in the precepts of the Christian Religion.

This law evinces the deflrc of the Legislature effectually to establish the Chriffian. Religion amongst the Negroes, and by impressing their minds with its principles and

7O precepts.

1

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

G. 54

Jamaica, precepts, essentially to improve all their habits and manners, thereby removing and wearing out their barbarous and heathenifli persuasions, many of which tend to the prejudice of natural population, and are alike pernicious* to themselves and their Owners. This is an event interesting and doubclefs greatly to be wished for, but which cannot probably be otherwise well produced than by flow degrees, and without any striking appearances of innovation.

In answer to the seventh Query and suggestions, your Committee beg leave to observe, that the lame difficulty which occurred in advancing any opinion as to what might be the fentimencs of the Legislature on the subject matter of the third, fourth, and fifth queries, applies in a more peculiar manner to the prefenr, from the novelty and importance of the matter therein contained; the Committee however, have no hesitation in expressing it as their opinion, that the measure of attaching plantation Negroes to the foil, in the nature of adferipti gleba, would tend essentially to their happiness and welfare j but with respect to the remedy by sequestration, they entertain great doubts how far such a measure would from the nature of West India property, be beneficial to the Debtor and Creditor.

(True Ex trad.)

M. Atkinson,

Clerk Council.

H.

LEE W A

RD ISLANDS.

Ordered to he printed 8th June 1804.

119.

8 A

L 1 S Ti

No. j.«

No. 2.'

No. 3-No. 4..'

No. 5.

No. 6.. No. 7 Nc. 8,

No. 9.-No. io* No. 1t.« No. t2. No. *3. No. 14-No. 15.. No. 16. No. 17.

No. 18..

No. 19

-Extra# of Letter from Presid* Thomson to the Duke of Portland; 19th July 1797 -Extra# of Another; 14th 0#ober 1797: With - - -- -- -- -- -(Three Enclosures)

(t.) Extra# from the Council Minutes of the Island of Antigua - - - . (2.) Report of Committee on Laws respefling Slaves -----

(3.) Extra# from the Council Minutes of St. Kitts -----

Extra# of Let’er from the Duke of Portland to Preftd* Thomson ; iff Jauary 1798 -

-Extra# of Letter from Presid* Thomson to the Duke of Portland ; 19th February 1798 (One Knclosure)

A# for the Ptotc#ion of Slaves - -- -- -- -- -- -- --

-Extra# of another; 15th March 1798 -(Three Endofurcs) "

(a.) Extra# from Speech of Presid* XllQrnfpn to the Genera! Assembly of the I»ce-ward 1 (lands - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

(a.) Extra# from Addrefsof the General Council of the Leeward Islands to Presid* Thomson - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

(3A Extra# from Address of the General Assembly of the Leeward Islands to Presid* Thomson -

p. 9.

p* 11.

to p. 1:.

-Rxtr,# of Another; 171R Ap-lJ 1J9S -Extra# of Letter from the-Duke of l’o

? - P

. r - * • •>.

Portland to Presid* Thomfonf; 2d May 1793' -Extra# of Letter from Mr. Presid* Thomson to the Duke of Portland ; 4th May 179S (Three Enclosures)

(1.) Speech of Presid* Thomson to the General Council and General Assembly

of St. Kitts - - ^...............^...........

(2.) A# to provide for the Support, and Prote#ion of Slaves. &c. - - - -

(3.) Proceedings of the General Council of St. Kitts.- - - -

-Extra# of Another; 19th May 1798 - -- -- -- -- -- -- --

—Extra# of Letter from the Duke of Portland to Prefi* Thomson ; 26th May 179S -—Extra# of Letter from Presid* Thomson to the Duke of Portland ; 2*d June 1798 -—Extra# of Another; 28th June 1798 -----

—Extr»# of Another; 20th July 1798 - -- -- -- -- -- -- --

—Extra# of Letter from the Duke of Portland to Mr, Presid* Thomson; 16 h August 1798 —Copy of Letter from John King, esq. to Mr. Presid* Thomson; 7th March 1799 -—Extra# of Letter from the Duke of Portland to President Thomson; tft May 1799 —Extra# of Letter from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland; 26th 0#ober 5799

—Extra# of Another ; sad March sSoo (Six Enclosures)

of Address of the Assembly of Antigua to Presid* Thomson of Addrefi- to the Council and Affctr.bly of the Island of A.

(l.) Extra#

(2.) Extra#

(3.; Extra# of Answer of the Council of the Island of Amir.ua

ntigoa -

(4.) Extra# of Address :o the Council and Assembly of the Island of Montserrat (5.) Extra# of Answer of the Council of Montserrat -----

(6.) Extra# of Answer of the Assembly of Montserrat -----

85. to p. 87.

(I.)

\2.)

(3)

U*)

(5)

(6.)

(70

(8)

—Copy of Letter from Presid* Thomson to the Duke of Portland; 26th March 1800 (Twenty Er.cloluret)

Circular Letterfrem Mr. President Thomson to the President* of the several Leeward Islands - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

A# for obtaining Lilts of the Negro and other Slaves in the Leeward

Islands, &c. - -- - - - -..........................

Number of Slaves in the Parish of pplmeto Point - -- -- -- -Di.to - - - in the Paiilli of St. Geo-ge Bafletme, St. Kitts - - -Imports and Exports of Slaves, Port of Daffeterrr, St. Christopher* - - -Import of Slaves at St. John in Antigua - -- -- -- -- --

Number of Slaves in the Parishoi St. Mary Cayon - -- -- -- - Ditto « - - in the Par flt of. St. Ismes Nevis -

(9.1 Ditto - - - in the Par ftt of St. George, Nevis - -- -- -- -

fto.) Ditto - - - in the Panflt of St. Peter JJafie*crrc, St. Christepher - -

(it.) Ditto - - * in the Parish of .St. Paul, Nevis -----

us.) Dit'o - - - within the Virgin Islands - -- -- -- -- -

(i5)Dr:o ... in the Parish of St. Christchurch, St. Christepher’s . - -Diuo - - - in the Parish of St. John (.apilterre, D°- - - - - -

115.) Number of S aves at Montfeirat - -- -- -- -- -- --(16.) Imports and Exports of Slaves at Tortola - -- -- -- -- -(17.) Ditto - - - in the Parishes of St. John and St. Thomas Nevis - -

(tS.) Ditto - - - exported from the Port t f Sr. John in Antigua - - - -

(19.) Ditto - - - Imported $nd. Exported—-Nevis - -- -- -- -

(20.) Dttto - . - in the Parishes of dt, Ann, Sandy Point, and St. Paul Capi fterre ............................

p.87.

to

0. tot.

I 3 ]

H.

iEEWARD ISLANDS.

No. i.—Extra# of a Letter from £refideiit Thomson •to his Grace the Duke of Portland* dated Sr. Christo* pher’s, July 19th 1797.

T:HE "Refolution of the House of Commons of the 6th of April, enclosed in st.

your Grace’s Circular Letter, I have this day laid before the Council and Af- Chrirtuphsr’* fcmbly of this I (land, and recommending die objc#s contained in that Resolution to their most serious consideration, and the adoption of such measures as from their local knowledge they may deem most conducive to promote the humane and beneficent views of the Legislature of our Parent State. I shall all'o, without delay, transmit copies of die laid Resolution, with the like recommendation, to be submit-ted to the Councils and Assemblies of the rclpeftive Islands within this Government) which I hope will not fail to have the desired effe# j and I beg leave to adore your Grace, that I shall not fail to avail myself of every favourable inclination or dispofi-tion which I may perceive’in the Planters and other Inhabitants of tilde Islands, to cfre&uate the purposes of the Resolutions, and inform your Grace from time to time of all-their proceedings relative thereto.

I shall aUo, as soon as 1 can colic# the necessary information from the diiTcrcnc Islands, acquaint your Grace, whether any measures have been already taken by their respedkive LegiflatureSi tending* to promote the purposes expressed by the Resolution of the House of Commons.

No. a.—Extra# of a Letter from President Thomson, to his Grace the Duke of Portland; dated St. Christo-pher’s, Cdober 14th 1797.

I BEG leave to inform your Grace, that I have lately received feme Resolutions entered into by the Council and AfiTembly of the istand of Antigua, in consequence of the Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 6th of April last, and an Extra# of your Grace’s Letter of the 6th of May, which I had laid before them, requesting me to convene a General Council and Assembly of the Leeward Islands, to rake into consideration the Resolution of the House of Commons j which Resolution they wifti me to transmit to your Grace, and which you will be pleated to receive enciofcJ, No.

/ The Council and Assembly of this Island were also proceeding on .the fame bufineil, and their Committee had -entered into several Resolutions, of which I fend your Grace >a copy, which will fiicw the progress they had made when this application from the ' Council and Assembly of Antigua arrived, in which they have concurred, as your ^ Grace will be pleated to observe by their Resolutions, which I also cnclole.

Hitherto the utmost readintfs has appeared in every Island of this Government, to set about the adoption of such mcalurcs as seemed to them best calculated to carry into este# the Resolution of the House-of Commons j and they now readily unite in the application-made by the Council and Assembly of Antigua, of forming a General

Council

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

H. 4

St. Council and Afifembly, to take the collective sense of the whole Body, on matters so rhtiac.'her’s highly important in their nature.

The calling together a General Council and Afifembly for this purpose, will be the means of" rendering all their measures uniform and confident, and will probably make •them more wife and efficacious, than if they had been separately formed by the respective -Legislature of each Island.

I shall therefore aequiefee in the general wish, and convoke a Meeting of the General Council and Assembly, with all the expedition which the forms necessary to be .gone through fur .that purpose will admit'ofj which measure, I hope, will meet with •your Grace’s approbation.

(i.)—In President Thomson's of the 14th Oft. 1797*

Exrraft from the Council Minutes of the Island of Antigua.

Copy.

ANTIGUA. At a Meeting of his Honour the President, and the following Members of the Council, by Adjournment, at the Court House in the Town of St. John, on Thursday the 3d

Day of August 1797.

Present

The Honourable Edward Byam, President,

Thomas Jarvis.

Thomas N. Kcrby,

James Nibbs,

Samuel Athill,

Howland Burton, and Samuel Watkins, Efqrs.

HIS Honour the President informed the Board, That he had received a Letter from his Honour the Commander in Chief, accompanied by an txtraft of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to his Honour, enclosing a copy of a Relblution of the House of Commons on r)ie 6:h of April lad, all of which he begged to commit* nicare to the two Houses, in pursuance of his Honour the Commander in Chief’s directiom, with a view of availing himself of their affida/ice to give his Honour the information he r quelled; and the lame having been read at the Board, they were lent down to the Gentlemen of the Afifembly, with a message from Ins Honour the Pr.Iidmr.

Circular.

St. Christopher’s, 20th July 1797.

I HAVE the ionout to enclose you an F.xtraft of his Grace the Duke of Portland’s circular Lct.cr of the fth May lad, and likewise a Copy of a Relblution of the House cl Commons, rnrn rc| into on the 6th of lad Apt il. which you will please to lay before the two Houses of 1 igiflwture of Antigua, and .which I beg leave to recommend to their mod frrious consideration, ami the atioptson of such measures, as, from their local knowledge an 1 •.xpcricncc, may be mod conducive to the intend and welfare of that Colony, and ranying the purpof* s of the said Resolution into effect, which are the great ol»j ft* his M-jrfty’s Mmiilers have m contemplation; and I beg you will allure their, that in mis lalutaiy and bciuficial design, they may rely on my Heady and conlianc eu*of*n»ci »n.

You will please to infnim me, whether any measures have been already taken by the Leg flUure of Antigua, winch nny tend to promote the purposes expreflfed by thr Relolmion o! t ie * iouie of Commons, that J may transmit such information to his Grace, agreeable to his cefire.

I have the honour to be, &c.

His lionmr Rcb' Ibittfon.

Edward Byam, U.Jq.

LEEWARD ISLANDS. 5

His Honour the President in Council, to the Gentlemen of the Assembly.

Gentlemen,

IN ptirfuance of the directions of his Honour the Commander in Chief, I now fend, for the information of your House, a Letter received from him, accompanied by an extract of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to his Honour, enclosing*a copy of a Resolution of the House of Commons on the 6th of April last, all which have been communicated to His Majesty’s Council, with the view of availing myself of the alliftance of the two Houses, to give his Honour the information lie requested.

By command.

Council Chamber, (Signed) JV, Mathews,

Atiguft 3d 1797. Depr Sec*.

ANTIGUA. At a Meeting of his Honour the Presidehr, and the following Members of the Council, by Adjournment, at the Court House in the Town of St. John, on Thursday the 24th Day of Auguff 1797.

Present

The Honourable Edward Byam, Presidenr,

Thomas Jarvis,

Thomas N. Kcrby,

James. Nibbs,

Samuel Athill,

Rowland Burton, and Samuel Watkins, Efqrs,

The Gentlemen of the Assembly to his Honour the President in Council,

THIS House, having taken into consideration the circular Letter of the 6th of April lad, from his Grace the Duke of Portland, thinks, that the matters -contained in that Letter are of such great importance to the welfare* if not the existence, of the Wed India Sugar Colonies,=thac it will be proper to take, as fir as may be possible* the ienfc of the different Islands within this Government upon the subject, by a General Assembly of the Leeward Charibbee Islands j and if your Board agrees with us in opinion, wc desire your concurrence, that his Honour the President should be requeded to apply to his Honour the Commander in Chief, to convene a General Council and Assembly of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, according to the laws already made for that purpose.

(Signed) John Burke3 Speaker, fro tempore.

His Honour the President and Council to the Gentlemen of the Assembly.

Gentlemen,

THIS Board concurs in Opinion with your House, that the circular Letter of the 6th of April lad, from his Grace the Duke of Portland, is upon a subject of such great importance to the welfare, if not die existence, of the West India Sugar Colonies, that it-will be proper to take, as far as may be possible, the lenJc of the different Mantis within this Government upon it, by a General Council anti Assembly of the Leeward Charibbee Islands 1 and his Honour the President will take the earliest opportunity to tequest his Honour the Commander in Chief to convene a .General Council and Assembly of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, according to the laws of the Leeward Islands made for that Purpose, and now in force.

And this Board is also of opinion, if your Honour concurs therein, that a Copy of Mr joint Resolutions, as contained in the Messages which have polled this day, (houKl be tqnfmitted by the President to his Honour the Commander in Chief, signifying at the lame time the svilhes of the two Houses, that his Honour would be pleated to

*19. 8 B forward

H.

St,

Christopher’i

H. 6

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St.

Christopher’s

forward the fame to his Grace the Duke of Portland, in order to manifest the intentions of this Island, to give the Fubjedt of his Letter the fulleft consideration as soon as possible.

By command.

‘Council Chamber, (Signed) Wm Mathews,

August 24th 1)97. Dcpr Seer.

The Gentlemen of the Assembly to his Honour the President and Council.

This House readily concurs in opinion with your Board, that a Copy of our joint Resolutions, upon the subject of his Grace the Duke of Portland’s Letter, should be transmitted by the President to his Honour the Commander in Chief, signifying at the same time the wi(hcs of the two Houses, that his Honour would be pleased to forward the fame to his Grace the Duke of Portland, in order to manifest the in* tendons of this island, to^give the subject the fulleft consideration as soon as possible.

John Burke,

Speaker, pro tempore,

Antigua, August 25th 1797.

True Copies from the Council Minutes.

(Signed) lFm Mathews,

Dcp*- Sccr

•Copy.

(a.)—In Presidcnr Thomson’s of the 14th 0<ft. 1797.

Report of the Committee appointed to examine all the Laws respecting the Government of Slaves by their Owners, and to examine into the Proceedings of the Courts of Just ice where Persons have been tried, and puni(lied, for Offences committed against Slaves.

THE Committee, in examining the Acts of the Island relating to the better government of Slaves, find, that though the necessity of the case made it essential at the first settlement of the'Colony to pass several severe b.“’s in order to preserve subordination and good order, yet few, if any instances, have happened, where the rigour of those Acts have been enforced. On this subject your Committee are of opinion, that such Acts (liould be as soon as possible revised, corrcdlcd, and consolidated, as may appear expedient.

Your Committee has observed, that wherever the.Legislature found any grievance! exifiing, contrary to the lights of humanity, they have always adopted remedies against their continuance.

In the former exercise of the rights of Ownership, three or four instances only having occurred of Mailers having maimed or mutilated their Slaves, the Legifia-cure paired an Act (A.), inflidling the heavirft penalties on persons guilty of such offences which has been found effectually to have remedied the evil.

The Lcgiflaturc have likewise shewn a masked attention to the rights of the Negroes, by puffing an Act for preventing white or free persons from beating or ill-treating them, or taking away from them any of their property. It was the pmdlice of feme of the lower dais of white persons to beat and ill treat the Negroes, and frequently ro take from them any articles which they carried to town for falc, upon the presumption that, as the Slave could not produce fnffieienc tefii* tr.ony, it was impoffihle thar he could obtain any remedy. The Le^ifiaiure, therefore, have authorized the Owner of the Slave, who has received any injury from any prrfm whatsoever, to apply to a Magistrare, who is authors/cd fuljy^ to examine the person accused, on oath, and to give ample aroedy to the party injured, in case of conviction. (B.)

It dors not appear to Your Committee, that any other laws are necessary for the purpose of giving protection to Slave.*, against any persons who shall commit acts of

violence

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

f

£cy

7 H.

violence or injustice towards them, as they find, on examination of the Court of , St. Records, that the Criminal Courts of Justice have always taken cognizance of ChrUtopher’i barbarous treatment of Slaves, in the same manner as crimes of a similar nature committed against white and free persons.

Your Committee therefore observe, with great satisfaction, that the laws of the Island have afforded ample protection to Slaves j and, after a thorough inveftigacion of the general treatment of Slaves in this I Hand, we are of opinion that it is humane.

Your Committee, in the course of their enquiries, found it nccefiary, for the complete purpose of giving comfort to the Slaves (without encroaching at the same time on the rights and power of their Matters) to examine into their prcfenc situ-ation, in order to discover if any mcalurcs were proper to be adopted for their amelioration. From this examination they arc clearly of opinion, that feme considerations, which, call very much for the interposition of the Legislature, ought particularly to engage their attention.

observing, with regret, that the feveriry of our laws, which make a Slave not only liable for his Matter’s debt, and immediately subjedb to a cruel imprisonment, but which drags him from his little settlement, his house, his laud, his family, and relations, convicted of no crime whatever, but liable to fuller all theft misfortunes because his Matter happens to be indebted: Your Committee thinks fame provisions fhoukl be made against Negroes being liable to be so fold for their Matter’s debts, and that they should become attached to the foil, and consider themselves as enjoying a fore of fcc-simple right therein.

Your Committee is further of opinion, that it would tend very much to the interest of their Matters, if the Legislature would afcercain the quantity of food and raiment that the Matters should be compelled to give their Slaves, as there are reasons to believe some Matters do not afford them a proportionate quantity of either for their necessary lubfittence.

Your Committee cannot help observing on the impolicy of the measure usually adopted by Matters of Slaves, who generally calculate only on the cxpcnces they incur by feeding and clothing them, without adverting to the additional advantages that mutt accrue by adding as much as possible to their comfort, and rendering their minds easy, happy, and contented.

A Slave well fed and well clothed, will be able to perform double the service of tine indifferently fed or clothed; added to this, that when a Negro feels satisned and contented, it is reasonable to Jiippofe that by working more cheerfully, he will perform a greater talk, than a Slave who goes rcpiningly and disconicntedly to his work, hungry and naked, and who, while performing his talk, has hb mind constantly engaged on the means of providing food as loan as his labour is finished.

Your Committee think, therefore, that if a small portion of land was yearly given to the Slaves to plant fruit and vegetables, that it would add very much to their comfort, befldes the advantage that would be derived by the inhabitants, in having a plentiful ftippiy of articles which are now found so scarce and dear.

Your Committee are of opinion, that it would be advifcblc for the Legislature so adopt proper means for tecuring, to any persons who dull fell any quantity of foal and raiment, as limited for the sustenance m any Slaves in tins I fluid, a prior lien on any plantation or freehold to the amount of their demands, as the apprehenflojt of lofir.g their debts, by a preference of former liens, may pteiv&t merchants from sffvding supplies elieiuially necessary to the maintenance and cumforr of rise Negro;*, and, consequently, may also dtminish the value of that very property, which would be rendered more competent to the discharge of all incumbrances by tbofs I'Jppiies.

Your Committee (while the Islands are charged with improper conduct to their Shvet) cannot avoid reprefcnrng to the House, that, eonfidenng the great calamities they now labour under, those persons arc ungenerous and illiberal who con-(Untly accuse ui of inhumanity, wink, at the same time, they deprive us of the mesas of affording greater comfort to our Negroes, by continuing to burthen us

wirh

H.: s

St.

Christopher's

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

with additional taxes, to increase those already impofiil, and to involve us in those difficulties which ought not to be so severely felt even in better t.mes.

A. Act No. 2,6 j., page 162, New Ed.l

B. Act No. 287, F. 6. p. 15$, Do. r

Truly extrn&ed from Council Minutes of 5c. Christopher’s, 9 0£L x797-(Signed) E, Mem,

Clerk of Council.

Wvl* JVcodicy, Chairman of Commitre*- of Council. jehtt Tj/oh, Chairman of Committee of the Assembly.

Copy.

(3.)—In Mr. President Thomson’s of the 14th Oft. 1797.

Extract from the Council Minutes of the I Hand of St. Christopher,

St,.CHRISTOPHER’S. At a Meeting of the Council and AfiTembly at the Court

House in the Town of Eaflcterrc, on Thursday the 5th Day ofO&ober 1797.

IT was by both Houses Resolved, That they concur in the Resolutions entered into by the Council and Assembly of the island of Antigua, as mentioned in Mr. President Byam’s Letter, dated the 121I1 of September lall, to the Commander in Chief; and .therefore further Rclblvcd, That his Honour be requeued to convene i General Council and Assembly of the Leeward 1 (lands, agreeably to the General Laws of the said I Hands made for that purpose.

A. true Extract from the Council Minutes.

(Signed) E, Mocre,

Clerk of Council.

No 3.—Excraft of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to Mr. President Thomson; dated Whitehall, i(t January 1798.

THE Measures you have taken for convening a General Council and Assembly of the Leeward Islands, to take into consideracion the Resolution of the House of Commons of the 6th of April last, seem to be highly proper, with a view to their proceedings being conduced with uniformity and eficch

No. 4.—Extract of a Letter from Mr. President Thomson to his Giace the Duke of Portland} dated Sr. Chrtf* topher’s, 19th February 179$..

IN my Dispatch to your Grace of the 14th. October (No. 9) I enclosed a Refolu-tiot* of the Council ami Assembly of the island of Antigua, containing a requefi: that I w uld convene a General Council ami Assembly of the Leeward Islands, to obtain die collrcbve fersfe of the whole, on t\ e measures nccelLry so be taken for carrying into execution the Resolution of (he Huiife of Commons of »he 6th of April lafr, which was ruifi. readily concurred m by the Legifhturc* of all the oilier Islands. 1 delayed, for fame time, issuing the writs for the election uf mcn.bws to ct * | ^fe the General Assembly, in hup^s »hat the nefeotiat.ons 4* LifL would have Ken productive of prace, and their dtlibcratiuns thereby rendered Ids liable to interruption} but whes I ibur* i that the inordinate ambition of the prefect Government of France had put an end to due bhhful proipeft, I then Lnt the wub to all the Islands} the ek&ioas

were

o

u

s

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

9 H.

^crc in consequence taken on the JOth instant, and the Meeting is to take place on ^ St. the i ft of next month in this Island, which I have fclefted for that purpose as the Chriflophtt* most centrical and convenient of the whole.

Your Grace will be pleased to receive an Act, which has been paired in the island of Antigua, intituled, * Act to repeal the fortieth and forty-first Clauses of an Act ” of this in.intV’ intituled, 44 An Act for attainting several Slaves now runaway from 44 their Mailer’s service, and for the better government of Slaves; dated the ninth 44 day of December, in the year of our Lord one thotifand seven hundred and twenty*

44 three; and to make persons charged with, and found guilty of the murder of " Slaves, liable and subject to the lame paint and penalties as are inflicted for the 44 murder of free perfons/'

In President Thomson’s, of the ijth February 1798.

ANTIGUA* An Act to repeat the fortieth and forty-first Clauses of an Act of this Island, intituled An Act for attainting 44 several Slaves now run away from their Mailer’s fer-4* vice, and for the better government of Slaves;” dated the ninth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and to make persons charged with, and found guilty of the murder of Slaves, liable and subject to the fame pains and penalties as arc infiifted for the murder of free persons.

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, intituled * An Act for attainting several 44 Slaves now run away from their Mailer’s service, and for the better government 44 of Slaves,” dated the ninth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, it is by the fortieth and for ty-first Clauses thereof enacted and ordained as follows; that is io say, 44 And whereas several cruel * persons, to gratify their own humours, against die laws of God and Humanity, frequently kill, destroy, or dismember thetr own and other persons Slaves, and have hitherto gone unpunished, because it is inconfillenc with the constitution and government of (his Island, ami would be too great a countenance and encouragement to Slaves to refill: white persons, to fee Slaves so far upon an “ equality with the free inhabitants, as to try those that kill them for their lives;

44 nor is it known or praftiled in any of the Charibbee I Hands, that any free per-14 Ion killing a blave is triable for his life, but particular laws (of which we are 44 nut provided) arc made in frveral of them, for punching the aforesaid crimes,

44 and are found very efieftu.il in deterring persons from such crimes; Be it thtre- fore enacted and ordained, That if any free perfun or persons whatsoever, shall 44 wilfully kill or eaufc to be killed any Slave whatsoever* either belonging to him- iclf 04* another, in any such manner as is not cxculable by the L«s of Great 44 Britain, or allowed by the laws of this Island, whether the fame be by cxeefiive 44 puuiihmenc or otfrerw’ife, or shall geld or dismember any such Slave, that then 44 such person or per Ions shall and may be proieeured by prcfenraienr, inuktmcnr, or 14 information, before Justices of the Peaec in their Sessions, or Justices of Oyer 41 and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, and upon eonviftion oi any such killing, the 44 offender or offenders Hull be ’fined each in any sum not under one hundred 14 pounds nor exceeding three hundred pounds, lawful money of tills Island,

14 and be imprisoned till find fine bs paid, and all due fees, and fii.d luretie* lor 44 thrir good behaviour for one year; and in Cafe of gelding or difnemberm^, and 14 cuiivi-tiun thereof the offender or offenders shall be lined each any sum nut 44 under twenty pounds or above one hundred pnmuls, lawful money of tins 41 Island, and be impritbhed in the common gaol till the fame be paid, and find 44 fwedcs fur their goad behaviour for a year, lb as (he pro! edition be commenced fter the offence of killing, gelding, or maiming, committed, and not

44 in one year aft

44 after, and flrad likewsft p^y double damages and coils to the party gueved, to 44 be recovered by aftwu of ttcfpals in any Court of Record in this Island, the 119. 8 C w moiety

H. io

SLAVE T R A D:E-WEST IN’DJES

St. “ moiety of which' fines for -killing, .gelding, or dismembering a Slave, .shall-be.to.the Christopher's <t use of pjjs Majesty, His Heirs .and Successors, to bepaid into the public trcafuiy “ of this I Hand, to be employed towards repairing the forts and .fortifications .of this Island, and the other half to the informer prosecuting therefore.’*

And whereas, -fropn the alteration of times and circumstances since^the ,passing'of the above recited ,Act, it is -become necessary that the said two Clauses thereof should be repealed, we therefore, Your Majesty’s most dutiful, loyal, and obedient subjects, the Commander in Chief of Your Majesty’s Leeward Charibbee Islands, and the- Council and Assembly of this Your .Majesty’s Island Antigua, humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enabled and or.dained, and be it, and * it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said fortieth and forty-first Clauses of the above recited Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be repealed and made null and void, to ail intents .and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if the f^me never had b$en made,

And whereas, in obetjjence to the Divine L?w, and from principles of justice, humanity, and policy, it js right that whosoever is guilty of the wilful murder, or of wilful maiming or wounding a fellow creature, whether a free person or a Slave, in any such manner as is not exc.ufabje by the corpmoij or statute law of England, should suffer the pains and penalties of d.eath, or such other punishment as by the said laws such Persons are made liable to suffer for the said crimes; Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the publication of this Law, every white or other free person, who shall be charged with the murder, or with the maiming or wounding a Slave, whether belonging to himself or to herself, or to any other person or persons whatever, and whether the fame be by excessive punishment or otherwise, every such person so charged, shall be proceeded against and tried in the same manner as he pr Ihe would have been proceeded against and tried for the murder, or for the maiming or wpunding a free person, and' upon being conyided thereof shall suffer death, or such other punishment; by the laws of England such persons would be feritenced to suffer for the murder, pr for the maiming and wounding a free person: Provided always, that such conviction shall not extend to the corrupting the blood, pr the forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods or chattels; any law, custonn^ pr usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Dated at Saint Christopher’s the 28th day of Dec. in the year of our Lord 1797, and of His Majesty’s reign the thirty-eighth.

(Signed) John Burke, Speaker, fro tempore.

Pafied the Council the 28th day of Nov. 1797.

By Command (Signed) W,n Mathews.

Depy Secy.

Passed the Assembly this 28 th day of Nov. 1797.

(Signed) John Hill,

Clerk of the Assembly.

Published this 10th day of Jan. 1798.

(Signed) John Roberts,

Depy Provost Marshall,.

No. 5.—Extract of a Letter from President Thomfbn to his Grace the Duke of Pordand j dated St, Christopher’s, March 15th 1798.

AGREEABLE to the Return of theWrits issued for convening theGeneral Council, and Assembly, they met in this Island on the first day of this month, when I delivered to them the Speech, of which there is a Copy enclosed, and also Copies of their Ad-dresses, by way of anfxvcr to it*

I flatter

LEEWAR© ISLANDS. • H

I flatter myself your Grace will be pleased, when you observe by these Addresses •how much they are disposed to enter upon the arduous and important business which I havelaidbeforethem, and earnestly recommendedto their most serious considera-*tion; and your Grace may be assured, that I .inall not fail to watch over and promote by every means in my power, the advancement of a work which has humanity and benevolence for its* objects. I hope they will continuetheir Sittings from day 3q day, til) the whole business be completed.

In Letter from Mr. President Thomson to the 'Duke of Portland, of the 15th March 1798.

Extract from the Speech of President Thomson to the President and General Council, and to the Speaker and Gentlemen of the General Assembly of the Leeward Islands.

IN compliance with the willies and solicitations of the several Legislatures Within this Government, I have called you together tp take into your consideradon, *nd to concert the best means for carrying intoeffect the objects contained'in the Relblution. of the House of Commons,-entered into on 6th day of April last, which I fiavedi-.rested to be laid before you.

You will find in ,that Resolution, Gentlemen* objects of the first importance to the British Sugar Colonies, which, by the wisdom of Parliament and His Majesty’s most gracious condcfcenfipn, are now submitted to a body of men, whose Jocal knowledge and experience are.befi:, adapted to form such wife and falutar.y measures, as,. I have no doubt, willproduce the happiest effects..

The increase of our Negroes by propagation rather than by importation, is an ob-jest .tb. be wilhed fc: by us all, who know the superior value of Creole Negroes to •thofe imported from Africa} and surely, to every, humane mind, it mu ft prove a •subjedtof themoftpleafing contemplation, to behold his gang, thriving. 2nd inefeafing. .under his fostering hand; I am therefore pUrfuaded, you will devote your attention .to the removal of every kind of impediment that may appear to you to stand in the way of accomplishing so desirable an object.

The moral and. religious improvement of our Negrbes, by introducing, more-order and regularity in our gangs, you mull be sensible will, among other good and .•advantageous purposesi contribute to the increase of the species; for it mull be observable by all, that a failure in this respedb is not lo much owing to oppressive labour, as to the licentious manners and habits of the Slaves.

If the Legislature of the Parent State have wifely abandoned the idea of a forced -and abrupt abolition of the Slave Trade, and wilh to fee whether it-can be gradually accompliIhed by natural means, let us, on our part, do every thing that is In our ..power to try the experiment fairly.

Iris with thegreateft pleasure and satisfaction that I have observed, during forty’ years residence- in this country, a gradual improvement and melioration in the condition of the Slaves, and several jaws passed in the different Iflaiids, to protect them, from cruelty and oppression j I am fully persuaded, it will be yOur inclination to extend these blessings to that race of people,-as far as you shall deem them confident with that subordination which has of late, more than ever, been evinced tp :be lo efiential to the preferyation of peace and good order iri society.

I am sure I shall meet your willies, Gentlemen, in recommending to you a revision of ail’the laws which have been passed, and are now in force in the different Islands of this Government, relating to Slaves, adopting all the' wholesome regulations, and rejecting those which, on certain exigencies, might have' been deemed proper, but from, a change of times and circumstances are no longer necessary, and may appear to you to be harsh and oppressive, and form an entire new code, answerable.ro all the beneficial purposes of our system of Slavery, in which, no doubt, among other things, the food and clothing of the Negroes will appear to you to be objects highly worthy of attention.

(a.) In

SOp

H.

St.

Christopher’s

H. xa

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St.

Christopher’a

(2.) In Letter from Mr. President Thomson to the Duke of Portland;

dated 15th March 1798.

Extract from the Addrrfs of the General Council of the Leeward Elands to President Thomson, &c. &c. &c.;

- dated 2d March 1798.

I

1

WE are highly sensible of the goodness that induced your Honour, in compliance with the willies and felicitations of the several Legislatures within this Government, to call us together, to deliberate on the belt means for carrying into effect the objects contained in the Refelution of the House of Commons, entered into on the 6th day of April last, which you have been pleased to direct to be laid before us.

We beg leave to allure you, that we will cheerfully enter upon the duties of our present Ration, and give that serious attention to the important objects you have submitted to our consideration, which they demand.

Wc hope your Honour will believe, that, in lpite of the various calumnies which have been for many years past heaped on His Majesty’s faithful subjects in the West Indies, we view with the fame pleasure and fiitisfuction which you have been pleased to express, the gradual improvement and melioration in the condition of the Slaves in the different Islands of this Government, and the protection afforded to them by laws at once just and .humane; and we look forward with the most pieafing sensations, to the opportunity we now have of elhblifliing a system, which, by further improving their condition, by introducing more order and regularity among rhem, and by promoting their improvement in morality and religion, as far as it may be possible, may tend to increase their propagation, and enable us to dtminifh the number of Africans to be hereafter imported. But we conceive that the West India Islands never could have been, nor ever can be cultivated to effect, without the right, of which we trtift no power will endeavour to deprive us, of obtaining labourers from Africa ; a right under which our ancestors were induced to settle in these Colonies, whion hath been sanctioned by repeated Acts of the Britishi Parliament, and the violation of which must be considered as an act of the greatest oppression.

(3.)—In Letter from Mr. President Thomson to the Duke of Portland,

of the 15th March 1798.

Extract from the Add refs of the Members of the General Assembly of the Leeward Islands to President Thomson; dated 2d March 1798.

WE, the Members of the General Assembly of the Leeward Islands, berz leave to express the grateful sense we entertain of your attention to the different parts of your Government. The objects contained in the Refelution of the House of Commons of the 6th of April last, naturally imprefie-i the different Legislatures with the necessity of mature and speedy deliberation, and your ready compliance with their wishes has afforded the most satisfactory refi jftion.

Whatever materially relates to so imporant a part of the empire as the Sugar Colonies, must become an urgent subjeit of confuieration, and d1 m mds the greatest energy and exertions on our parr. It is with pride, Sir, we obierve, that in no instance has His Majesty’s parental care been more emphatically manifested, than in having confided to those, whose local knowledge and experience render them most competent, the enquiry and establiPnment propos d.

The natural increase of our Negroes by propagation, is an object to be ardently defiredj.and the West India character of num.mity, w;th a very few exceptions, we trust, evinces the propriety of your Honour’s obiervation, that it is a subject of the most pieafing contemplation to the Proprietor to behold his Slaves thriving and increasing under his fostering hand. Wc shall, however, direct our attention to those qb(lades that may appear to impede this end.

We

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

13 H.

Os

- ' /

We (Halt also attend to the moral and religious improvement of the Negroes, 1 we cannot but be sensible that undisciplined nature is too prone to those licen-us manners and evil habits which your Honour has forcibly described.

We trust and hope, Sir, that the Legislature of the Parent State will wifely aban-i.the abolition of a trade fandtioned‘and encouraged by several Acts of Parlia-nt, and which is closely interwoven and connected with the commercial interest the empire at large.

It is a pleasing refiedtion, Sir, that your Honour’s residence of forty years in this untry, bears -an unerring and ample testimony of a gradual improvement and dioration in the condition of the Slaves. As it is our inclination, so shall it be r endeavour,-to‘extend every blessing to a race of people peculiarly under our •e and protection, as far as is confident with the subordination which is efiential to : preservation of peace and good order, and to the adfcuaLfafety of His Majesty’s eft India Colonies.

We are sensible, Sir, that a revision of the laws relating to the Slaves, is in-penfible; by paying a proper regard to them, we shall be able to confirm and arge such as may be deemed expedient, and reject those which appear oppressive i no longer necessary.

Gt.

Christopher’s

No. 6.—Extradt of:a Letter from'Mr. President Thomson to his Grace the Duke of Portland; dated Sc. Christopher’s, 17 April, 1798.

<snip>

No. 7.~-Extract of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of "Portland to Mr. President Thomson ; dated Whitehall, 2d May 1798.

<snip>

No. 8.—Excradt of a Letter from Mr. President Thomson to his Grace the Duke of‘Portland; dated St. Christopher’s, May 4th 179S.

OU wilhnow bepleased to receive a Bill, which has been passed by the General noil and General Assembly of the Leeward Islands, intituled * An Act more Actually to provide for the Support, and to extend certain Regulations for •c Protection of Slaves, to promote and encourage their Increase, and generally meliorate their Condition,” and to which 1 have given my aftem. t was deemed necessary, on account of some Clauses in the Bill whereby debts stradted for tire feeding and clothing of the Negroes were made liens upon res, and to take place of all others, to introduce a f.ifpending Clause, to prevent Bill from being in force here till His Majesty should signify his pleasure thereon. _ ^he distress which these Islands have suffered from a feriesof bad crops, and the lequent low ftateof credit to which estates in some of the Islands are reduced, I

8 D und.^Vvv*

it btilvi

louse of Commons Parliamentary Papers Online.

H. x4

SLAVE TRADE—WEST INDIES

•st.

thril'.dphcr’s

underfUnd gave rife to this measure, in order to facilitate the procuring of those articles, of which the Bill has directed an increased quantity to be given j and your Grace will be pleased to observe, that these liens are not allowed to run on from year to year, so as to accumulate and grow into a large sum, but the amount of the necessary supplies of food and clothing mu ft be extinguiibed within the year, otherwise all such contracts lose their priority. Under these restrictions, I should conceive those Clauses in the Bill would rather operate in favour of creditors, who are mortgagees of estates, than to their prejudice, as they tend to keep up the mortgaged pvemifes, which will be a means of strengthening their security, or at •leaft preventing it From being impaired.

The Bill, in other respects, embraces several of the objcdls pointed out by the Reloiution of the House of Commons, which your Grace did me the honour to transmit, and upon the whole, though not so full and complete as I wilhed it to have been, I hope it will meet with His Majesty’s approbation.

I beg leave to lend your Grace copy of the speech which 1 delivered to them at die close of the session.

(i.) In Mr. President Thomson’s, of the 4th May, 1798.

Mr. President, and Gentlemen of the General Council,

Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen of the General Assembly,

THE zeal and unremitted attention with which you have devoted your time to the arduous and important business you have had before you, do great credit to your-selves, and merit the warmed: acknowledgments of the Islands .over which your labours will extend their happy influence. The Bill you have pailt-d, to which I have just given my aflfent, is calculated to -promote the cause of humanity, and having that for its object, it cannot fail to be highly acceptable to every wdl-disposed mind; and though the current expences of estates may be thereby somewhat enhanced, yet if that augmentation, together with the other salutary provisions of the Bill, will produce more comfort and happiness to the Slaves, and be a means of increasing their numbers so as to render the importation of African Negroes -un-necessary, I trust they will prove a full and ample compensation.

I cannot close this session -of the General Council and General Assembly, without returning you my mod: hearty thanks for the readiness you have ihewn to adopt every measure which, at the beginning of it, appeared to me necessary to submit to your consideration, all of which, I have no doubt, would have been carried into full effect, had not the urgency of your private affairs, at this period, called you from hence.

I am, however, persuaded, that whatever remains unfinished of this great work, you will, during the rtcefs, take into your consideration, and come prepared, when the session again commences, to give it a final completion.

It now only remains for me to recommend to you, Gentlemen, when you return to your homes, to give your aid, by your countenance and example, to the operation of the Bill you have already passed in your respe&ive Islands, and by narrowly watching and observing its effetts,' you will be able to discover whether it will require any alterations and amendments, and which you will have in jour power to make at your next Meeting.

St. Christopher’s,

April 23,1798.

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

.15 H.

O is?

St.

(2.J-?*In Mr. President Thomson’s, of the 4th May 1798. ChriiLphcr'*

.Copy.

*Sc. CHRISTOPHER.

An Act* more effectually to provide for the Support, and to extend certain Regulations for the Proteiftion of Slaves? to .promote and encourage their Increase, and generally to meliorate their Condition.

TOUR Majesty’s loyal and obedient subjects, the Commander in Chief of Your Majesty’s Leeward Gharibbec Islands in America, and the General Council and General Aflernbly of the said Islands, duly convened and assembled at the town of .-Bafletcrrc, in the island of Sc. Christopher, having taken into their most serious consideration the Resolution of the Honourable the House of Commons of Great Britain, of the 6th day of April, in the 37th year of Your Majesty’s reign, recommended to their attention by Your Majesty’s said Commander in Chief of your Leeward Charibbee Islands, in obedience to Your Majesty’s orders, communicated by his Grace the Duke of Portland, one of Your Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, and having maturely deliberated upon the measures which appear to them best calculated to obviate the causes which hitherto may have -impeded the natural in-crease of Negroes already in these Islands, gradually, as they hope, to diminish the necessity of the Slave Trade, and ultimately to lead .to its final termination, and desiring to grant unto the Slaves in these Your Majesty’sLeeward'-Cliaribbee Islands .every indulgence and encouragement which may tend to their moral and religious improvement, and to secure -to them the certain, immediate, and active protection of the law, as far as the fame-can possibly be extended to.them, consistently with that good order, discipline, and obedience, which it is absolutely necessary to preserve .and maintain in all .places, where., from inevitable local circumstances, Slavery m'uft, with some .restrictions, be tolerated.? and .desiring also to prevent; as much as pofli-Ble, any instances of cruelty or oppression, and to compel all persons to treat their .Slaves with that humanity which is generally prevalent in these Islands? Do humbly pray Your Most Excellent Majest.y that it may be enadfccd and ordained

ill. And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority afore->said, That, every Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall .weekly and every week, under the penalty of ten shillings per head for each and every Slave under his or her diredfcion, for every omission, purchase or provide, at the rate of ;the following quantities of provisions? diac is to say, for every Slave at the rate of nine pints of corn or beans, or eight pints of peale or wheat,

•or rye flour, or Indian corn meal, or nine pints of oatmeal, of seven pints of rice, or eight pints cf cafiava -flour .or farina, or eight pounds of biscuit, or twenty pounds of yams or potatoes, or sixteen pounds of eddoes, fanias or tyres, or thirty pounds of plantains or bananas, and also one pound and one quarter of herrings, fhads, mackarel, or other salted provisions, or double the quantity of fresh fish or other fresh provisions? all which laid provisions to be of good and whole-some quality : Provided nevertheless, that .every such Owner or Director shall have the absolute and uncontroqlable right of distributing and dividing all and every such quantities of provisions so to be provided as aforesaid, unto and among all and every his .Slave or Slaves, in such proportions, shares, and allowances, as he shall think proper, according to the different labour, size, age, and strength, or otherwise, of all and every such Slave and Slaves, and as the fame shall appear to him in his discretion eligible or right ? but notwithstanding such dileretionary power, such Owner or Director shall actually distribute weekly and every week among ail his Slaves, the whole quantity of provisions hereinbefore directed to be purchased or provided, under the penalty aforesaid for every omission.: Provided also, that every aged, sickly, or infirm Slave, and every Slave afilidted with any loath some or contagious disorder, or every Slave being incapable of labour, shall receive weekly and every week, at.least one full rate or ratio of allowance aforesaid, notwithstanding the general and diferetionary power of dividing the fame, hereinbefore permitted to

the

H. r.6

SLAVE TRADE-WEST IN-DIES

.St-

{ hriltopher’s

the Owner, and notwithstanding any other power which he may have; and if any Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall omit or neglect, under any pretext whatever, especially under pretext of absence from the said plantation, or that the said Slave is wandering about the towns or other parts of the Island, or that he cannot be found, to distribute and share weekly and every week to any of his aged, infirm, or sickly Slaves, or to any of his Slaves affli&cd with any loathlbmc or contagious disorder, or incapable oflabour, such full rate or ratio of provisions as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such neglefb or o mi (lion the sum of twenty shillings, unless such Slave (lull be provided for in the Hospital or Sick House.

2d. And be it further erra'ded by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Owner or Director of any Slaves employed on any plantation in rhe Leeward Hlands, to reduce and diminish, when he shall be actualiy making Sugar or cutting Canes on such plantations, for the whole week in which •he makes such reduction, the quantity of provisions hereinbefore directed to be dif-tiibuted among hi., Slaves, in the proportion which one-fifth part of the said provisions bears to the whale thereof, but on no account in a larger proportion: Provided nevertheless, that inasmuch as it is necessary for insuring the subsistence, which is the principal object of this Act, that in some of the Leeward Charibbee Inlands the provisions given to the Slaves m crop-time should be increased, and may, without derogating from such subsistence, be out of crop diminiflted; that no Owner or Director of any Slave within the Virgin Islands, shall be permitted to make the aforesaid reduction in any week in which he shall be, or have been, a&tially employed in the msnufa&uring Sugar or grinding Canes; bur every Owner or Dirc&or of every Slave worked on any plantation within the said Virgin Islands, Hi ill be permitted, out of crop, to make a reduction of one-fifth part of the dry provisions hereinbefore directed to be given to his or her Slaves, whenever he •or (he shall give and allow to each and every of his or her Slaves as much land and time as shall, with his or their labour on such land for such time, be likely to produce the value of such dry provisions: And provided also, thar if the value of such dry provisions shall not be produced by such land, every such Owner or Director shall make good to every Siave whole land (lull be less produdlive, the difference between its produce and the value-of the dry provisions to which such Slave under this Act would otherwise be entitled.

3d. And be it further enacted by rhe Authority aforesaid, That money shall on no account be given to Slaves in lieu of the provisions hereinbefore dire^ed to bepurchased or distributed, unless in case of abfelutc and unequivocal necefiity ; and that if any Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves, within the Leeward Klands, dull offend against this Clause, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

4th. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That whenever and as often as any Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves, within the Leeward Islands, flull commute or exchange for money, the provisions hereinbefore directed to be purchased or provided for such Slaves, or any part of the fame, he shall give and pay to and among his Slaves at the rate of four shillings per week for each and every Slave with whom he shall make such commutation, and also give and allow two half days in each week to such Slave, to resort to the best market for laying out, to the bed advamage, such commutation money : Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for every Owner or Director to divide, diltribute, and share such commutation money, among all and every his Slaves with whom he makes such commutadon and exchange, in the same manner, and with the fame diferetionary power, as is hereinbefore vcftrd in him with respect to the provisions he is hereinbefore directed toput-cha'e, procure, and distribute.

5th. t\ ntl whereas, from the situation and local circumstances of many estates in the Leeward I fl uids, the Owners or Directors of such estates are enabled to allot portions of land to their Slaves more than fufit ient for their support and maintenance, and Irom wh ch !uch Slaves grow rich; and it would therefore nor only be unneccfLry, bm ev~n unjust and ruinous, to ftrh Planters, to compel them lo give the fame allowance with other- who have not the benefitjof such provision grounds; Be

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

17 H.

jn

it therefore Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the quantity of pro- . St. vision land under cultivation with the Owner’s time, upon any estate in the Leeward Christopher,» Islands, shall be in the proportion of one acre of land for every ten Slaves worked and employed upon such estate, and the produce of such land shall be in proportion to one half of the quantity of provisions, or in any larger proportion by this Act directed to be purchased or procured for all the Slaves so worked or employed, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Director of such Plantation to diminish by one half, or in any other proportion, the quantity of dry provisions, according to the quantity of provisions produced from such land directed by this Act to be purchased or procured for and distributed among such Slaves; provided the whole produce of the land so under cultivation, or the proportion hereby prescribed, is appropriated to -the use of the Slaves so employed; and provided also, that the Owner or Director distribute or causes to be distributed among them, their full allowance or rates of salt or fresh provisions aforesaid.: And provided further, that such Owner or Director shall attend the Council Board in rhe Island where such Plantation shall be situate, once in every twelve months, and then and there take the following oath.; viz.—1tc I do swear, That there are now Slaves upon

“ or belonging to the Plantation under my direction, in the parish or division of (t and that there is under the cultivation of provisions upon the said

'* Plantation, at lead in the proportion of one acre of land for every ten Slaves “ thereon, and that the produce of the said land has been for twelve months last “ past, or for so much of the said twelve months lafhpaft as 1 have been Owner or “ Director thereof, together with the quantity of provisions appropriated or dif-“ tributed *mong thrfaid Slaves, fully adequate to the ratio of provisions directed “ by this Act to be purchased or procured, distributed or shared among them, and “ every other Slave for the time aforesaid-; and that the said produce has been ap-*u propriated, and the said provisions have been shared and distributed agreeable “ to the directions -of this Act, to the belt of my knowledge and belief. So help " me God.”

6th. And be it further-Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Director of any Plantation within the Leeward Islands, shall allot and give to every Slave of which be is -Owner or Director, and-who is -capable of working the fame,

*.piece or spot of-good well-laying .land of forty fret-square at least, immediately round or dole to his house, if the fame can be done, without pulling down or injuring any other Negro house .; and if it cannot be so done, then every .such Owner or Director shall allot and give to each and every such Slave the lame quantity of land, in some part of the said Plantation on which such Negro resides, and commodious for his working the fame, under the penalty of five pounds for every offence against this Clause; provided there isfo much land as is hereby required to be allotted as aforesaid-on the Plantations of which lie is such Owner or Director, not usually planted in canes, and if there is not, lie shall give and allow to every such Slave as aforesaid, in lieu of the fame, an annual compensation, which shall be equal to the anneal value of the land usually allotted as aforesaid, under the like penalty of five pounds for every instance in which he shall omit or neglect to make such compensation.

7th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Director of any Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall, twice in every year, that is to say, on the first day of January and rhe first day of Augull, provide for and give to each and every of his male Slaves, one jacket made of good found woollen doth, and one pair of trowsers made of good found ofenbrigs; and to each and every of his female Slaves, one wrapper of such woollen-cloth, and one petticoat of such ofenbrigs: Provided always, that in case any such Owner or Director Hull think proper to furnish such Slave with a good and suficient blanket, and a hat or cap, with the con lent of such Slave, the fame shall be in lieu of one luU of inch deaths as aforesaid.

Hth. A.'jd be it further'Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once in every twelve months each and every Owner or Director of Slaves shall, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, appear before the Court of King’s bench or Common Pleas of

1 icj, tj E the

II. 18

slave trade—WEST INDIES

St.

Clnlilop!;*

, the Island where such Owner or Dire£tor toalfircfidc, nndftiail then and there takeahe r s following oath, vis. “ I, A. B. do swear upon the Holy Evangeilfts of Almighty-God, <{ that I have truly and fairly diilributed,.or causecl to be distributed pr appropriated, for cc the Lift twelve months past (or for lo long as rhe find Owner or Director has had the ic tfr^dlionof such Slaves) between and among the Slaves under my direction, the ct full ratio of provisions .and clothing, us directed by an A«5t, intituled, “ An Act Cf more elfi&uully to provide for the Support, and to extend certain Regulations for {t the Protection of Slaves, .to promote and encourage their Increase, and generally “ to meliorate their Condition,” to ,the belt of my knowledge, judgment, and “ luht ^ and without any fraud or intent to evade the said a<fc. So help me God.” 9th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Doc-itor of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall give and allow to every such Slave who shall be employed in any field work, orjany plantation, or in the carrying, digging, removing, or making tip manure, or in the picking grass, or in any plantation labour, in the performance of which breakfastand noon-timeis now ulually allowed, at least one complete half hour for every such Slave to cat his break, fall, and at that time to rest and refresh himfilf, but no Slave shall at such time be permitted to quit the field or place jn which he is at work, without the particular leave of such Owner or Director, or of the Overseer or Driver acting under him; and every such Owner or Diie&or Hull alfogive and allow to every such Slave two full and complete hours at noon or dinner-time, to rest or refresh himfilf, or to procure, dress, or eat his dinner, during which two hours no such Slave shall be employed in any work, labour, business, or manner whatever; and any person offending agairdt this Clause, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not less than twenty shillings nor more than five pounds,

loth. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owner or Director of Slaves belonging to any plantation within the Leeward Islands, shall call or turn out to his work any such Slave before the hour of five in the morning, nor shall any such Owner or Director continue any such Slave at work after the hour of-{even o’clock in the evening, except in crop time, or from some evident necessity, .under the penalty of five pounds.

i ith. And be it further Enabled by the Authority sjforesaid, That whereas many Slaves, who have no Owners or Directors who can be discovered and compelled tot provid*. *or them, become incapable, from contagious dilbrders, old age, sickness, or other infirmities, of labouring to procure a subsistence for themfeWes, that in all such cases it shall and may be lawful for the Vestry of any Parish within the Leeward Islands, or the President of the Council, or Speaker of the .Assembly, or any. Justice of tlit Peace where there is no V eftry, to provide in a Ratable manner for the support and maintenance of such Slave or Slaves, and to prefer the accounts • for the fame ag.tinct the public of the Island in which such Slave shall be fount! or tlilcovcred; and the said public is heieby charged with and made liable for the payment of such accounts out of its creafury, or such other funds as it may choose to apply in payment of the fame.

i ath. Whereas to avoid the inconveniences that do sometime arise from perfont manumtoing ami fitting free their Slaves, when they arc rendered incapable of fir/ice by age, infirmity, accident, or calamity, to avoid the expence of-providing a psopei lubti'.tence for such Slave, Be it and it is hereby further Enacted, That if any Proprietor of a Slave fli.il! manumit or fit free any Slave in his or her pof-iefiio-i, who fliaU be rendered ineipable of service from any of the causes aforesaid, that f'*ch Proprietor Hull be obi ged to pay into the hands of the Treasurer of the 3fl.itiU whrre iVch Slave shall be lo manumitted and fetfree, the sum of three bundled p. unds currency, from which sum such Slave shall be entitled to draw half-yearly an iritmft arifu.g upon fiion sum, according to the rate of in rereft in each, reject vc IllmU, h r h,s fir her lulfistence during the life of such Slave; and that u4 on the death of T*i h Sj ive lb rn< muni r red and let flee, the said sum of three hundo p uftd> aimr.t, Ih Jl be pj-opr.ated to the use cl the public.

ijth Ana lx i. m ii i ImCt d by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owneror Diictltor of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall keep and pioduce,

.whenever

whinever legally required, a full, true, plain, and weekly account of all the pro-visions ptirchaftd for or distributed or shared out among all or any of his Slaves, and also of all commutation money paid in lieu of the fame, also a full, true, and weekly account of the number of his Slaves, under the penalty of five pounds for cadi and every week in which hefhail neglect or omit to keep such account, and 3II0 an account of all clothing given to his Slaves, with the times of his giving the fame, and the number of Slaves cf which he is the Owner or Dircdlor at such .times, under the penalty of twenty-five pound's j and if he shall refuse to produce such account or accounts whenever he shall be thereunto legally required, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty-five pounds.

14th. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any white or free coloured person, who is not the Owner or Director of any Slave ill treated as hereinafter mentioned, shall bear or ill treat any Slave, or shall take away or cause to be 0 » *

taken away from any Slave any article or thing whatsoever, for which such Slave shall produce a ticket or note from his or her Owner or Direttor, authorizing him or her to foil or pefiefs such article or thing; or shall take away or cause to be taken away from any Slave any fiock, vegetables, provisions, grass tops, vowra, or any article or thingwhich such Slave shall be authorized by any present or future existing laws, triages, or customs of the Island wherein he resides, to .fell or possess j or shall, after .purciiafing from any such Slave any of. the articles or things aforesaid, refuse or omit to pay him or her the price agreed upon for the fame, or shall.knock off from tilt head of, or pull away from any Slave into the dirt of street, or trample oh the ground, erfeatter about on it any such article or things whatever aforesaid, or cause the fame to be done, in any such cases, on complaint made by the Owhcr of Director of the Aid Slaves, though it may be without oath, to any Justice of the Peace in or near the parish where the offence is committed, such Justice shall and is hereby authorized and directed, by an order in writing under his hahd, dating the complaint made by such Owner or Director, to command such person or persons against whom such complaint-was made, to appear at a time and place to be specified in fitch order before him and any other Justice who may be then and there present, that such complaint may be examined into; and such Justices are hereby authorized to take the examination of such person complained of, upon his or her own oath with respect to the said complaint, who shall be compelled to answer on oath such questions as the said Justices may put to him or her; and if such person shall not fully answer such questions, or, having been duly summoned, shall refuse to appear as aforesaid, he or file shall be considered asconvlfted of the said complaint; or if such person, having fuliy.answered such questions, shall not fully exculpate him or herself, or shall be otherwise convicted before the said Justices, he or she shall be fined by the said Justices in any sum not exceeding ten pounds current money, to be recovered by warrant under the hands and seals of the said Justices, direfled to any cohstable, commanding him forthwith to levy on the goods-and chattels of such offender sufficient to pay such fine, with all costs and charges attending all the proceedings aforesaid; and for want of such goods 2nd chattels, to commit such offender to the common jail for any time net exceeding one month, and such constable shall excute such warrant under the penalty of twenty pounds current money aforesaid; and the said Justices shall and may, if they think proper, dispose of the fine to the Slave so ill treated, as a compenlktion for the injuries he or she may have luflained.

15th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to remove any doubt which may arise as to the legality or propriety of punishing the Owners or Directors of any Slave for any cruel conduct cowards such Slave, it is hereby exprelily declared and enabled, that if any person shall cruel/whip, maltreat, beat, or imprison, or keep in confinement,without sufficient supporr, any Slave under his or her direction or care, such person shall be kuhec d for the fame in the Superior Cknirt of Criminal Jurisdiction for ti e Island wherein such offence shall be committed, and upon being legally convened thereof shall fuller such punishmcnr, by fine or int-pritemnen, or both, as the Judges or Justices of laid Court shall dunk proper to in* M; and the faill Judges or J’tmtces are hercov authorized, if they fiiail ticun it mod* %, for the further prgteftton of the said Slave, to order the Matflul vr his Deputy to

.St.

Chnftcjpiicr*«

H £0

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St,

Chnficphcr'i

fell and disposeof such Slave to any person (except die Owner) ac public outcry, and at the heft price that can be procured for such Slave, and the monies arising from such falc, after the payment of the fees, shall be paid ro the person having the first lien xhereon, and in case of no such prior lien, then to the Owner of the said Slave.

ifith. And be it further Enadtod by the Aurhority afbrefaiu,Thac if any person fliatt beat or maltreat any Slave not heionging to himself or herself, such ofFender shall not only be indited and punishtd for the fame in like manner, but any punishment inflated by the Court of Criminal Jurisdiftion for ilich offence shall not be considered as a bar to any action or lu.t at law which may be commenced by the Owners of in .-h Slave, or be considered in mitigation of any damages which may otherwise be given or recovered for Inch trcfp.tfs or injury,

a7th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Justice of the Peace shall receive any complaint or intelligence, which lie, in his own diferc-tion, shall think probable, that any Slave hath been mutilated, cruelly punished, or otherwise maltreated, or confined without a sufficientfupporr, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to call to his assistance some otherj uilice, and then such twojusticet shall be and arc hereby authorized to order any constable to bring such Slave before them, or if the case shall jequire it, they arc hereby authorized to go to such place where such Slave shall be, and direct such Slave to be produced nndllicwn to them, that such enquiry and other proceedings may be made and had as fli.iV be necessary for the further prosecution of the offence; and chat if such Jufttecs shall think proper or necessary, they shall be and are hereby authorized to fend such Slave to some public place of security, or to the workhouse, if any is ptoyided in the Island where such Slave shall live, to be there kept and detained, and supported ac the expence of the Owner or Director of such Slave, until further enquiry shall be made into the fast according to law.

18th. And be itfurthcr Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Dirc£lor of any Slave within the Leeward I (lands, -Hull fix round the neck, of any Slave any iron collar with projccting bars, hooks, or any collar with a chain or weight thereto, or shall put or fix upon any Slave any chain or any piece or ring of iron, cither round the leg or any other part of the body of such Slave, other than such as arc absolutely necessary for securing the person of such Slave, it shall and may be lawful for any Julliec of the Peace, on information or view of the fame, to order such collar, chain, weight, hooks, bars, and rings, other than such as arc necessary as afore* said, to be taken eff such Slave at the cxpcncc of such Owner j and it shall also be lawful for such Just ice to issue his warrant to bring such Owner before him, and if lie is of opinion that such Owner or Director has acted wantonly and cruelly in putting on or fixing as aforesaid any such collar, chain, weight, hooks, bars, or rings, or that he was not influenced solely by the motive of preventing the future desertion of such Slave, such Justice shall and may bind over every such Owner or,Dire£lor, to appear ac the next Court of King's Bench, to be held for the Island where such offence shall be committed, then and there to suswer for the fame, and upon conviction thereof to iic fined, at the discretion of such Courr, in any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds current money.

19th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Owner or Director of any Slave within the Leeward Islands, who may, from sickness or any other cause, (land in need of medical assistance, shall, without loss of time, procure such assistance for such Slave, and also shall provide for and furnish such Slave with all such food, wine, nourishment, and with all and every such other necessary and necessaries of every kind as the medical person, whose assistance he may call in, shall order or direct, under the penalty of fifty pounds for every omission.

20th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Slave, not under the age of six years, nor from natural decay, who shall die ftid-den’y, without having bem vjfued at least forty-eight hours before his or her ue* cease by fume medial person duly qualified to pr.vitifc pkyhc, it shall and may be lawful fur the Coroner, or where there is no Coioner, for Ionic J office of the Peace, 3r<d he is hereby authorized and commanded to hold an inquest, not confiding ot Ek than three per Ions, 00 the body of such Slave, to enquire into and return the

-t A/

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

ai H.

"Wife of His or her death; and if any Owner or Directof of any Slave within the ^ St, Leeward Islands, shall omit to give notice to the Coroner or Justice aforesaid, of the ChriflopheP* deccale of any such Slave under the circumstances aforesaid, within fix hours after fitch decease, or shall bury any Slave so dying before he shall have given such notice, or within eighteen hours after the fame, lie Hull forfeit for every such olK’ncc the sum of one hundred pounds* provided that die person taking such hmieft, shall in no case receive for the lame more than the sum of three pounds six shillings, to be paid by the public of said Island,

21 ft. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every white or fire person charged with the murder or maiming of any Slave, whether such id;«vr belong to such person or nor, shall be tried and punishrd for such murder or tM»min»!, in the lame manner* without any lore of distin&ion or privilege, as if he or flip were charged with the murder or maiming of any white or "free person whatever: Provided nevertheless, that if he or flic tball be convi<fled, such conviction Ih.ill not extend to or occasion any corruption of blood, or forfeiture of kadi or tenements, goods or chattels.

and. And whereas the marriage of Slaves cannot give any particular right, either to die contrasting parties or to their children, and it being unnecefiary and even improper to enforce the celebration of any religious rites among die Slaves, in order to faftCUfy contrails, the faithful performance of which can be looked for only by a regular improvement in religion, morality, and civilization, and should not be immediately enforced by any compulsory methods, left: the violation of sacred vows be too often added to the crime of infidelity: And whereas it seems more-eligible to encourage than compel such improvement in religion, morality, and civilization among such Slaves for the purposes aforesaid, and for other good porpoics, Be it therefore further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner and Di-rector of .any Stave on any estate within the Leeward Islands, shall, within two months after the publication of this Act, and also on rhe fitft day of January every year, convene and aficmblc together the Slaves under his direction, and enquire which of-them have a husband or wife, or more than^nc ; and if an acknowledgment be made, in consequence of such enquiry, of more than one husband or wife, then such Owner or Direflor shall compel such Slave making such acknowledgment, to cleft (bmc one Slave only as his or her husband or wife, and when such ckflion is made, such Owner or Direflor shall enter the fame in a book to be ’kept for that purpose, and make the fame as public as pofliule, by convening once in every twelve'month* all the Slaves upon such Plantation, and reading to them the fame in adtftinft and audible voice, ar the same time extolling the good behaviour ofthofc who have been faithful to their engagements, and reprobating she mifeon-dust «f those who have aflcd to the contrary, doing Ins utmost to keep together in harmony the parties who have made such cleft ion, and to encourage all the other Slaves of which he is Manager, Mailer, or Direflor, as they shall arrive at the age;of maturity, to make such cleft ion as nforclVid, and adhere as itricHy as possible to the fame. And every Owner or Direflor of any female Slave, who shall have a child while .flic preserves her fidelity to such engagement as aforesaid, or is reputed so ro do, shall, m six weeks after the birth of tuch child, if the fame be then living, pay and give to the mother of such child four dollars, and the fame sum, with one dollar more fur every other child she (hull bear and have under the iime circumstances ; amWl any Owner or Direflor shall omit in any respect to comply with and-fulfi! the directions of this ClaulV, he shall fuifeit the sum of fifty .pounds for every such omtflion.

-3d. Anebbe it further Ensiled determined by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Biredor shall give to every male and fen.ale blave, who fn.di live together faithfully and peaceably as aforesaid, as man and wife, one dvllar each for every year that they shall so live together.

24th. And be it further Ensiled by th«* Authority aforesaid. That as soon as any female Slave shall have fix children living, and who have been born during such cobabidon as aforesaid, ilu* veuiigeft <*t which shall be seven years of age, the

115.

« I'

OwnCi

St.

tCpltfidphct

Owner or Director of such female Slave, shall no: oblige such fvmaJc Slave to dt ’* any other than light work, under the penalty of twenty pounds.

05th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owner or Director of any Slave, nor any Omfeer, nor any other description of white men on any Plantation, Hull weaken the effect of,the exhortations and enquiries enjoined by tins law, by his own irr» gulnr conduct, in cohabiting or having criminal commerce w th any female Slave, who shall have elect, d her hutband as aforesaid, every such periuii fur every such ofience, being thereof Convicted by legal teftur.ony, before any two or more Julhccs of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

26th. And whereas it appears to be impracticable and ineiTeCtual to endeavour to .compel any Siav\s to adopt and conform themselves to any religions establish nent, although tiny may be brought gradually to a cenfuterable degree of religious knowledge, by attention on the pare of their Owners or Director?, and the Clergy, Belt therefore further Enacted by rhe Authority aforesaid, That in calc any Owner or Director shall in any manner whadoever rcltrain or prohibit, or cause to be retrained or prohibited, any Slave (excepting such whnfe fcrviccs arc m-ccfljry on a Sunday) under his or her direction, from receiving religious instruftwn by attending on Sundays at any church or chapel, or any other place of worfltip held by the regularly cthbliflied clergy of any religious christian fest tolerated in the Leeward Iflind*, or by receiving baptism according to the rites of the regularly established church, or other tolerat 'd christian church, such Owner or Director for every such offence* shall forfeit the turn of five pounds, and in calc any regular clergyman, who has any living in any of the Leeward I (lands, shall refuse or neglect, when thereto reasonably required, to baprze any Slave without fee or reward, on any Sunday immediately after Dtvmc Service, such clergyman shall forfeit and pay for every such refusal and neglect the sum of thirty fliillfng.% provided that such clergyman shall not be com-i polled so to do, in case of the ignorance or ill character of such Slave so requiring to be baptized 1 but thar in all such cases such clergyman shall endeavour, by exhortation a d inst. uftion, to qualify such Slave as he may so reject, to be thereafter baptized and received into die faith of Christ’s church.

27th. And be it furclur Enacted by the Authority -aforesaid, That when any Slave Thai! be sick, or unable, from any accident or cattle what foe ver, to perform his ufuai duty or labour, his or her Owner or Director (hull cause such Slave to be visited by fume perlonduly qualified to praftilc physic anu surgery, according to the laws of the respective Island where such Slave shall live, and Hull cause such medicines, food, and other necessaries, as such qualified practitioner shall from time to time reasonably order 0? direct, to be duly administered to such Slave, under the penalty of five {sounds.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every medical man fu qualified as aforesaid, ora proper white assistanr, shall attend each dilate-to the. care of which he shall he appoint* d, at least two days in every week, whether thereto especially called or nor, mdefs he has notice in writing from the Proprietor or Director of such estate, that his pre euce is not required * and such medical man or white aliiltant as a orekdd, shall further attend at all times when especially called upon lb so do, by the Proprietor or Directorof the Slave respectively; and if any medical man shall offend against tins Ciause, he shall forfeit the sum of five pounds.

29111 And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforcgiid, That the said practitioner or his assistant shall attend, within eight hours after the call has come to his or the-r knowledge, under the pc ahy of ten pounds.

30th And be it further Enacted by the Authorry aforefful, That every Owner or XJireftor of Slaves Hull have, under t! e penalty ol one hundred pounds, on the estate or place where the Slaves usually r« ft le, a commodious hospital or sick heuse, furn ihoj with proper eonveiitnees (or the lick, and u (uflicient number of attend? an*s, an ! shall, under the penalty of twenty shillings, either in his own person or by funv* white periun under Ins direction, attend as 0-ten as may be requisite at the JkoJpiui or lick house, 10 fee that the sick are furnjflted with the medicines that may

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

. * t

> 4

/

n h.

"be ordered for them by the said practitioner or his assistant, in the manner so or- $t, dered, and also with such diet as the said practitioner or his assistant Ihali reasonably Christopher'*

direct to be given.

31ft. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a book or register ihali be provided and kept on every such estate by the Owner or Director, under die penalty of forty /hillings, in which the practitioner or assistant shall, also under .the penalty of forty {hillings, write in JEnglith language, oppofltc ro the name of each Slave so being sick, his directions as to the time or times of administering the medicines he intends to prescribe, stating the form in which they are to be sent, whether in pills, powder, or mixture, or in whatsoever other form, and also as to the diet to be provided for the Slave* and at the end of the fame directions, he {hall write his.prelcripcions in the form tifually followed by medical practitioners.

33d. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Owner or DircChr of any Slaves {hall have occasion to fend a special call to the practitioner, who /hall have the care of the Slaves under his direction, he Ihali fend the lame in writing in the said book or register, stating the time of the day or night when he /ends for the lame, to the belt of his knowledge, and the name, age, sex, and bodily appearance of the Slave or Slaves on whose account such call Is made, together with rhe meft material or urgent symptoms which such Slave exhibits, and any other circumstances that lie may think will assist the said practitioner in forming a judgment of the case, and may enable him to carry with him. such medicine as he may from such statement judge to be proper, if he can go immediately to vific the said Slave, or to lend such medicines or directions as may be of ufc until he can vilit him, or cause him or herto be visited by his aflifrant <5r some other practitioner, if he has such other urgent medical business to attend as to prevent his visiting the said Slave immediately * and that the said practitioner, his assistant, or fomc other free person, who may be kept to make up and dispensc medicines for him, {nail infer: in the fame book or register, immediately after the ftatcmcnc hereinbefore directed to be made by the Owner or DircCtor of the Slave, the time, as nearly as he can, when the said call {hail arrive at the dwelling or other house of the said practitioner as aforesaid, under the penalty of forty {hillings.

33d, And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every practitioner {hall keep, under the penalty of five pounds, on every eftace under his respective care, a small quantity of such medicines as may with fitfety be left in the hands of a person unikiJicd in the science of medicine, to be at hand in case of fuddeit emcr gcncy,with such directions as to their ufc as he may judge fufneient for the information of the Owner or DircCtor of the Slaves, which directions ought to be-inferred in the fvft page of every new book or register so to be provided and kept as aforesaid,

•under the penalty of forty {hillings.

34th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority afordiiid, That every Proprietor of an estate Shall employ some medical gentleman, properly qualified, by the year, provided the Proprietor of the said estate is not a medical man himself, anti provided such medical aflifUoce can be procured upon reasonable terms, under the penalry of ten {hillingsfor every Slave upon such estate.

331I1. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the first day of January m every year, or at the first meeting of the Council and Assembly of the island wherein the estate hereafter mentioned may be fitunced, the Owner or Director of every Plantation within the Leeward Islands, shall, under the penalty ot one hundred pounds, return upon oath before the Council and AfiVmbly of the said Sihnds, a just and true account of ail berths and deaths of the Slaves on such Plantation, and also of the manner in which, to the bt ft of his opinion and judgment* the find Sia*cs have been attended and provided fur when sick for the ‘preceding year, or during such time as he hath had the puflVfiion or management of fuc*<

Plantation * and if any Proprietor, Manager* or Director, ihali quit a Plantation *litre he has refidwd anytime, between the fit It of January in one year, and the first «f January in the ensuing year, such Proprietor, Mincer, «r Director null, within ten days after he has so quitted such Plantation, nuke out such return, as bd-’tc circled, up to the time when he dees so remove* »indr? the penalty Eft aforesaid.

* 36:11. And

H. i4 SLAVE T.-PvAIDlE—WE.ST .INDIES

36th. And be ic further 'Ena<5led'by the Authority aforesaid, That the doctor or Cnnitopner s surgeon of. every Plantation /hall, on the first day of January in every year, or at the first meeting of the Council and Assembly of the Island- wherein such estater, fhkllbe'fir.uated,.return as aforesaid, upon oath, an account of the Slaves who:haye died upon such Plantation, in the preceding year, or during such rime as lie hath-had' the cane of such.Slaves, with-the real causes of such-deaths, .to the best-of lYis-know* ledge, judgment, and belief, and also of the manner in which-, to the ,be(bo£ ;his-knowledge and belief, the -invalid and Tick Slaves have been treated and attended to, .under the penalty of one hundred pounds, for every such offence against this-Clause, 1

37th. And’be it further Enact,ed:<by-die Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Director of any female Slave within the Leeward Blands, who shall be five .months gone with child,- shall keep and detain such female Slave upon the -effate to vvhicti she belongs, at all rimes when the -other Slaves are at work, but not employ her otherwise than in, caking care of the ch'ldren on the estate., or other light: work ; and such Owner or Directer lhalLupon no account suffer- such female Slave to -cpnc the said estate at the- times the other Slaves are. at work and employed thereon; -nor shall any such female Slave be punished in .any other mariner than fry confinement; and if any -Owner or Director as aforesaid, shall offend against this Clatife .in any respect, he ftiaU forfeit for the.fame the,sum of .five pounds ‘

38th. And be it further Enaftedby the Authority aforesaid. That whenever hNeg'rcf woman Slave shall be.- pregnant with :hcr firli child, ‘every Owner or 'D.ire&or of every such Negro woman Slave, /hall efeft and build for her a roomy < and conir mpdious Negro house of two rooms.;, provided /he has no such .house, and-such Proprietor shall mot chuie to compel her to lav in in .the ward or hospital" for-: lying-m women hereafeer mentioned, under the penakycof'twentirpounds..; ’

39th. And be it further Enacted.' by the Authority aforesaid, That'where the num-' her of female Slaves in any-of-the Let'- ifd ’IQarids, -in which a cargo of -Slaves: /hall be.impprted, shall not exceed the number of males* ;the sum- of ten -Jhiilii)g3 shall .be paid for every male so imported; , and- also that the-.furn .of fifty pounds shall be paid for every aged and Infirm Negro-Slave Imported into ahy- pfrhe Lec-vrard Islands in any cargo, after !the>exp!ration;6f two years from*, the publication of khisAft. ... .

40th. And it is hereby further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That~evefy penalty, and forfeiture imposed by-this Act, npt other wise recoverable* Jhalbbe- re? covered by warrant under the hands -and seals of any two- or -more Justices of the Peace,-directed,to the Provost Marlhall or his lawfuKDeputy,. -whothereby authorized to levy the same on the goods and. chattels of every;' perfonor persons offencf •ing against this Act, and who 'shall be convicted thereof before such Justices* and shall bring the, fame toTale within ten days after such.levy j and for tire want of such goods and chattels, such offender shall be committed to the common gaolof the Island where such offence shall be committed, for any time:not. exceeding fix- months •nor iefs than five days, at the discretion of such Justices ;. and all such penalties and forfeitures shall go and belong to persons informing against such- offender: Provided nevertheless, that every person:so convicted may appeal- to the next Superior Court of Criminal Jurisdiction, .if he conceives'himself aggrieved. . 5

41ft. And whereas many persons ,have often, been prevented .frornfuppSying their 'Slaves with sufficient food and clothing, by the encumbered state of their property* their Plantations and Slaves being some time charged with mortgages brother incumbrances to so great an amount, as upon a, levy and sale .thereof .to-leave no fuA plus.or fund.for thesatisfaction of debts due for provisions or clothing furnished for the necessary subsistehce of their Slaves, and merchants have therefore been- diP xouraged from felling provisions or clothing to persons in .doubtful or embarrassed circumstances, to the very great distress and danger of,the Slaves, and; also *to the manifest prejudice of mortgagees or other creditors whose securities- may either -wholly, or, in a very great measure* depend upon the lives or good condition of such’ . Slaves; Be.ittherefore also chaffed and -ordained by' the Authority aforesaid*. That .all debts which, .from anti after-the publication pi- .this Act, shall.be contrafted-by

die

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

•the Proprietor'or PolTessor of any piece or parcel of land cultivated and carried on as a sugar, cotton, or coffee Plantation, by any Proprietor or Possessor of Slaves, not less than twenty in number generally employed as a taflc gang, or by the lawful attorney or agent of such Proprietor or Possessor, for any species of provisions of -clothing hereinbefore mentioned and directed to be provided for Slaves, shall be deemed and corffidered as specific or prior liens, or incumbrances, upon all and every Slave and 'Slaves 'belonging to such Plantation or taflc gang, as far as the estate or iotereftof the Proprietor or PofieiTor of such Slave doth or can extend, to pay and satisfy the fame-; and that all and every such debt or debts shall be paid and satisfied in .preference to any other debt or incumbrance whatsoever, although existing before the passing of this A <51, except debts now due or hereafter to become due to Plis Majesty-i His Heirs or Sticcessorsj provided such provisions or clothing shall have been actually fold and delivered within the space or term of twelve calendar months next before the commencement of any action or suit for recovering or en*-forcing.payment-.for the fame, and that such action or suit be commenced, proceeded -upon, tried, and determined, in the manner and form hereinafter mentioned.

42d. And, in order to prevent persons in distrefled and embarrafied circumstances, from fraudulently disposing of or •oiherwife misapp'lying any Negro provisions or .clothing, which they have procured in consequence of this Act, to the prejudice of their former or other creditors, and that such frauds may the more easily be de-> tested and puni/hed •, Be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid. That whenever any Negro provisions or clothing shall be fold, and the person cr persons felling the fame is or are desirous that the Slaves of the person or persons, to whom or for whefe life such provisions or clothing are fold and delivered, fhoukl be specifically bound for the payment of the Monies due or owing for the fame, a memorandum in writing of such Tale and delivery shall, upon the fame day, be made and entered irt a book to be kept for that particular purpose, and such memorandum or entry shall be signed by the person or persons to whom or for whose use the said provisions or clothing were fold and delivered, or by his, heF,‘ or their lawful attorney or attornies, or known agent or white servant; and if the person or persons to whom or for whose use such provision or clothing have been so fold'and delivered, or his, her, or their attorney, or known agent or servant, shall fell, give away, or exchange the said provisions or clothings or any part or or .parcel thereof then and in such case the person or persons so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the furri of five hundred pounds j and if flick fine-shall not be paid during the Sitting or Session of the Court before whom the said offence shall be prosecuted, such offender or offenders shall suffer one year’s imprisonment, without bail or -mainprize, in lieu of the said fine.

43d. And be it also Enabled and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid. That whenever any complaint or information, in writing, of or concerning the felling, giving away, or exchanging any Negro provisions or clothing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall be made or exhibited to any Justice of the Peace, it' shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby required to order and direct any person or persons having in his, her, or their custody, possession, or power, any book or books wherein any memorandum or acknowledgment, in writing, of the sale and delivery of any Negro provisions or clothing shall be made or entered in pursuance of this Act, to produce before him such book or books, and also to examine upon oath such person or persons, or any other person of persons whom he in his discretion shall think proper, touching the said book or books, or the entries made or contained therein, so far as the fame shall appear to be necessary or material for the proof or support of the said complaint or information, and also to require and take from the person or persons having in his, her, or their custody, possession, or power, such book or books, a recognizance in and for the sum of five hundred pounds current gold or silver money, conditioned for the appearance of such person or persons at the Court wherein such complaint or information is intended to be further prosecuted, and for his, her, or their producing before the Grand Jury and Petit Jury of the said Court, such book or books, or writings, as in the said recognizance shall be

119. 8 G particularly

a

St-

Cfariflopher’*

e.

St.

Chrilloplicr’s

slS SLAVE TRADE^W£$T indies

particularly mentioned and specified, and for his, her-, p'r their duly attending t® give evidence or testimony at or upon the trial of any indictment or information which '(hall be preferred or prosecuted for the felling, giving away, or exchanging any Negro provisions or clothing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, or to the like purport or effect and if such person or persons shall refuse to pjroduce such book or books, or to be examined touching the fame as aforesaid, or to enter into a recognizance .to the purport or effect aforesaid, he, (lie, or they shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of such Justice, be committed to the com mon gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, unt’l he, (lie, or they (hal submit to produce such book or books, and be examined touching the fame, anc to enter into such recognizance as aforesaid.

44th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That i upon the trial of any indictment or information which may be prosecuted for th< said offence, it shall appear to the Court and jury before whom such. indictment 01 information shall be tried, that, within the space of three calendar months next be* fore the-commission of the sect charged in such indiCtnient or information, any Negro provisions or clothing have been fold and delivered in pursuance of thii Act, for the use of the Slaves belonging to the Plantation or talk gang in the -pof* fession, or under the care or direction of the defendant or defendants to such indictment or informationj and that a memorandum or entry of such lale-and delivery ir manner and form hereinbefore mentioned, hath' been duly made, and the said de fendant or defendants shall not be able to .prove that the Negro provisions anc clothing, for the sale, gift, or exchange whereof the said indictment or informatioi is prosecuted, were not purchased and delivered in pursuance of this Act, but upor the credit of the person or persons to whom and for whole use the fame were folc and delivered, such omission or want of proof by or on the part of such defendant or defendants, shall be deemed and taken as sufficient evidence or proof to the Grant Jury and Petit Jmy that such Negro provisions or clothing have been fold, given away, or exchanged, contrary to the intention of this Act.

.45th. And be it also Enacted and-Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That when any action or suit shall be commenced and prosecuted for the payment or recovery of -any monies due or owing for Negro provisions or .clothing, and it is intended that such action or suit shall operate-or take effect as a prior charge or lien upon the Slaves of the defendant or defendants to such action or suit, or of his, her, or their testator or teftatrix, or initiate, under or by virtue of this Act, the declaration oc counts in such action pr suit shall not mention or contain any article, consideration, or cattfe of action whatsoever, other than the saie and delivery of such provisions or clothings nor (lull the Jury, upon the trial of such action or luic, find or afifcfs any other or greater damages by way of interest or otherwise, than the amount or value of the provisions pr clothing actually fold and delivered to such defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their testator, teftatrix, or inteftarc, within the said term of twelve calender months next before the commencement of such action or suit-; nor shall any damages whatsoever be found or assessed in such action or luir, unless a particular account of the several quantities of the said provisions or clothing, and the price or prices at or for which the fame were actually fold and delivered, be produced and proved in open Court j and it be also proved, that a memorandum or acknowledgment, in writing, of the sale and delivery of such provisions or clothing-was duly made and entered in the manner and form hereinbefore mentioned and required} nor shall any other admission, acknowledgment, or confession of the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, or of any other person or persons on his, her, or their part or behalf, be received or admitted as proof of the sale or delivery of such provisions or clothing, or any part thereof* any law, usage, or custom- to the contrary nocwithftanciing.

46rh. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the vcrdiCt of the Jury shall be given in such action or suit, the secretary or clerk of the Court shall add to the entry of such verdict the following words, viz. u according to the foim and effect of the Act of the General Council and General Assembly oftheLeewardCharibbecIllands,” and the fame words shall also be mentioned

£22”

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

*7 ff.

in the entry of ahy jridgment which shall be obtained upon fUfch yerdi&j aifd in Iny writ of execution issued upon such judgment, and also in the entry or Hdtice of jfu'ch execution, in the books of the Provost MarfliSi, Deputy f*rovoft Marffiab or other person to whom the said writ of execution shall be delivered.

47th; And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid; That all Slaves belonging to the person or persons to whom or for whbfc ufc such fcrovisions or clothing were fold and delivered, shall be bound and be liable for the payment <if-satisfadlion of any writ of execution which shall be issued upon any judgment obtained irrTuch action or fiiit, in the manner and form hereinbefore mentioned, provided fUcii judgment shall be obtained wirhin thefpace or term of nine calendar months n’ekt after the commencement of such action or suit; and that when any writ or writs of execution have been alrer.dv issued against the defendant or defendants' in such adtibn or suit, or his or their ancdlor, testator, or inrestate, the plaintiff or plrintiffs in fuclf action or suit, or some other person or persons on his, her, or tli’eir behalf,’ fh'ill hrtalec oath before any Judge or Justice of the Court where to fufcn action or suit shall be' commenced, of the monies which, according to the best of lii^, hef,'dr their knowledge,' and belie4*, are really and bona fide dub.or owingtintoTuch pfaiH'tifFor plaintiff;, ants deliver a true conv of such affidavit oh depositioH;* after the famfe hathfficeri'fiicd in the

i • 4 , t *• « * !*♦" * \

proper office, unto the Provost Marsh.il, or ether officer wKbfc duty it miy be to x levy the said’writ-or writs of execution, together with a notice in; Writing,; signed by such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or Jiis, her, or their counsel or attprney,. requiring,the said Provost Mat dial, Deputy Provost Marshal, or other officer, ifany monies should be received by him under or by virtue of the said writ or writs of execution, to,keep and retain so much of the said monies as will be sufficient to facisfv any judgment which mav thereafter be obtained in such action or suit.

/ * - 4 • ^ v 1 t 0 pr

48th. And be it also Enacted and* Ordained by the Audiority aforesaid,Tha'l'all judgments' recovered against any executors or administrators for* moHics due or oWing for Negro provisions and clothing* fold and delivered to tfi’eir'tefiator bl tntei$ate, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid and satisfied in prefcrtnce to' any ether judgment, incumbrance, or debt whatsoever, other than debts dye to His’Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; provided that an action or suit for the recovery of .the said monies so due and owing for Negro provisions ar/d clothing, be commenced within one calendar month next after the will of the person to whom or for v/hofc ufc the said provisions or clothing were fold and delivered, hath been proved and recorded,

, or letters of administration of the goods and chattels, rights .and credits, of the person to whom or for whose ufc such provisions’or clothing were fold and delivered, hath

doubt or difficulty snail arile upon the construdlion of any.ledlionvxlause,;^ fenrence,’contained in this Act, such Tedtion, claiife, or fenrence, shall always be favourably -construed, in such manner and’ form as will bed tend to promote and secure the protection and comfort of Slaves, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

50th. And be it also F.nadled and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action, suit, or .prosecution, shall be commenced or prosecuted againfjt any Jufljce.or, Justices, or any other person or persons, for any matter or bSing done "or performed under or by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be' lawful to ‘and for the defendant or defendants in such action, suit, or prosecution, to plead the general issue, and to give this Act and the special matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or profecurors in such action, suit, or prosecution, shall be nonsuited, or dif-•continue such action, suit, or’prosecution, or judgment shall be given against such plaintiff or .plaintiffs, or prosecutor or prosecutors, upon verdict, demurrer, or otherwise, such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or profcCutor or profecurors, Hull pay to such defendant or defendants treble costs of fuir,’* for1 which such defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as any other defendant or defendants have or may have in other actions or fairs. ’ ,

• 5tfft/AHcP

. ... Chrlflopher’J

$1. 28

SLAVE, TRADE-WEST. INDIES.

* -iu u >. And be it also.Enacted .and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid/That nothing

twhriitqpher-s {ierejn(3efore contained shall extend or be construed.to extend to prevent or hinder the Legislature of any Eland or Elands within the government of the Leeward •Charibbee Elands, from making and passing any law or laws which may be thought necessary or proper for the better subsistence or protection of .tire Slaves in such Eland, or for explaining or amending any of the clauses or sentences in this Act hereinbefore mentioned and contained.} so as .such law or laws do not contain any •clause, matter, or thing, which flxall in any degree lcffen or restrain any .protection, privilege, or indulgence, .provided or granted to Slaves by this Act, according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

52d. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties.here-by imposed, and not hereinbefore provided for, shall be recoverable .by indictment •or information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, withia any of the said Elands where such penalties may be incurred-; and that such .penalties, when so recovered, shall be paid into the public treasury of the faicl Eland, to be appropriated for the public ul’es thereof: Provided always, and it is hereby expressly de-•clared, that this Act .shall *not be in force, or have any effect or operation whatfo-ever, until approved and confirmed by His Majesty., and such approbation and confirmation shall have been duly signified and published.

Dated in Sc. Christopher, this 21ft day of April, in the.38th year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King,

Defender of the Faith and so forth, and in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Read and passed the General Assembly, this 16th day of April 1798. (Signed Ja* ffcardy

Clerk of Gen1 Assembly.

(Signed) -O, T, Ash,

Speaker.

Read and passed the General Council, .this 20th day of April, 1798. .(Signed) E Moore, Clerk of the General Council.

(3.)—In President Thomson’s of 4th May 1798.

Proceedings of the General Council, St. Christopher’s, March and April 1798.

JOURNAL of the GENERAL COUNCIL, Thursday March 1, 1798.

SAINT CHRISTOPHER.

At a Meeting of -the General Council of the Leeward Elands, held at the Council Chamber, in the town •of Bafieterre, in the Laid Eland, on Thursday the lft day of March 1798.

Present

The Honourable Robert Thomson, Esquire, Commander in Chief, &c. &c. &c. Honourable Richard lies, Esq. President.

Andrew Hamilton,

Thomas J. Cottle,

William Woodley,

Sir Patrick Blake, Bart.

James Athill,

John Taylor,

Edward B. Wyke, esquires.

HIS Honour the Commander in Chief having appointed Eumenes Moore, esquire, the Deputy Secretary of Saint Christopher, *the Clerk of the General

Council,

t

