ADDITIONAL

Colonial Laws respecting Slaves:

1816 — 1817:

viz.

1. BARBADOES.

2. } JAMAICA.

3. }

4. ST. VINCENT.

5. ANTIGUA.

6. TOBAGO.

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 6 June 1817.

LIST OF PAPERS RELATING TO SLAVES,

Presented to the House of Commons, on the 5th June 1817.

N° 1. — Copy of An Act for more fully ascertaining the Slave Population of the Island of Barbados.

N° 2. — Copy of An Act for a more particular Return of Slaves in the Island of Jamaica, and for the Enrolment thereof.

N° 3. — Copy of An Act in furtherance of the Provisions of the Abolition Laws within the Island of Jamaica.

N° 4. — Copy of a Bill for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of St. Vincent and its Dependencies.

N° 5. — Copy of An Act for establishing a Registry of Slaves in the Island of Antigua.

N° 6. — Copy of An Act to establish a Public Registry of all Slaves in the Colony of Tobago.

Colonial Department, June 5th, 1817.

HENRY GOULBURN.

N° 1.

BARBADOES ISLAND ACT.

A Copy of an ACT for more fully ascertaining the Slave Population of the Island of Barbadoes.

WHEREAS it has been thought probable in the mother country that the re-establishment of peace may afford facilities to an illicit introduction of slaves into the British settlements in the West Indies: And whereas the legislature of this Island, notwithstanding it feels the most thorough conviction that no such importation into this Island ever has been or is likely to be attempted, is yet desirous to co-operate in any measures which may be deemed necessary for giving the fullest effect to the Acts for the abolition of the slave trade: And whereas many advantages may be derived to the inhabitants of this Island from a more exact specification and return of the slave population; Be it therefore Enacted by the Honourable John Spooler, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this Island, Chancellor, Ordinary, and Vice Admiral of the same, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said President or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and required to appoint by commission under his sign manual, some fit and proper person, resident within this Island, to be registrar of slaves therein, and that such registrar shall be personally resident within this colony while he shall continue to hold the said office, except when from ill health or other necessary cause his temporary absence from this Island shall be permitted by the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, by and with the consent of His Majesty's Council; provided nevertheless, that such temporary absence shall not exceed the period of twelve months; and if the said registrar shall be at any time absent from this Island, without such license or permission as aforesaid, he shall absolutely forfeit his office; and in case of the death, absence, or incapacity of the said registrar, or any avoidance of the said office, a new registrar shall be in like manner appointed by the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, by commission under his sign manual.

2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That between the first day of March and the first day of June now next ensuing, and in every third following year, every person who shall be then resident in this Island, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, manager or attorney of or for such slaves, shall respectively make and deliver upon oath to the registrar so to be appointed as aforesaid, such schedules, lists and particulars in writing, as are hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, every person in possession of any slaves as aforesaid, shall so make and return a schedule or list in writing, therein specifying in the first place his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners of such slave or slaves on whose behalf the return is made, and the right or character in which the party making such return holds possession of and claims title to such slave or slaves, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, manager, or attorney, executor, administrator, guardian or otherwise; and after such description as aforesaid, shall proceed to name, describe and enumerate distinctly, the several negroes, mulatto or other slaves belonging to the same owner or owners, in manner following; that is to say, the schedule or paper containing the said list shall be divided into six perpendicular columns of convenient breadth, respectively entitled at the heads thereof, name, sex, colour, employment, age and country; and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name of each slave by which he or she has been usually called or known; in the second of the said columns shall he inserted the sex of which such slave is; the third of the said columns shall be inserted black or coloured (including under the term "Coloured"

4 ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

BARBADOES.

all who are not black); in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation, or ordinary employment of the slave; in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted the age of the slave, according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the owner or other party making the return; and in the sixth of the said columns shall be inserted, whether the slave is an African or a Creole, and if a Creole, the name of the Island or Colony in which such slave was born, and from which he or she was brought, according to the best of the knowledge, information, and belief of the owner or other party making the return; and for the better ascertaining the proper forms of such returns of slaves as are hereby required to be made, so that no person may pretend ignorance thereof, a form or example of such return is contained in a schedule to this Act annexed, to which all persons are required, so far as shall be found practicable, to conform.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all lists and schedules to be made and returned as aforesaid, after the first general return required by this Act, there shall be in every succeeding return contained, a true and particular account of all births and deaths of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such return is made, within the three years next preceding since the last returns were made; and also an account of all deductions from or additions to the former list of slaves belonging to such person or persons, within the same period, whether the same shall have happened by desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, enfranchisement, or by return of fugitive slaves, or by purchase, succession, reversion, or other lawful acquisition within this Island, or by any lawful importation: which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition shall in all eases be distinctly specified in such return, so that the general increase and decrease of slaves, their conditions and numbers, may be fully known and considered.

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person making any and every such schedule or return, shall, at the time of delivering the same to the registrar, take the following oath, which the said registrar is hereby empowered and required to administer, under the penalty of five hundred pounds current money of this Island; that is to say,

"You do Swear, That the List or Schedule now by you given in, contains a true and exact account and description, according to the several particulars therein specified, of all the Slaves now attached or belonging to the Plantation called _____ in the parish of _____ or now belonging to you or in your possession, [if any owner] or now belonging to or in the possession of [name the owner or possessor] according to the best of your knowledge, information and belief."

"So help you GOD."

And all and every such owner and owners, person and persons, who are of the denomination of the people called quakers, is and are hereby required in like manner to give in the same upon his her or their solemn affirmation; provided nevertheless, that in case any owner of slaves resident in this Island shall, from sickness or any bodily infirmity, be prevented from attending the said registrar, to deliver such list or schedule of his or her slaves as hereinbefore is directed, it shall and may be lawful for any other person in behalf of such owner, to give in such his or her list or schedule in the form hereinbefore prescribed; such person so giving in for another at the time of delivering such list or schedule, taking the following oath before the said registrar, who is hereby empowered and required, under the penalty aforesaid, to administer the same;

"You do Swear, That the person for whom you are now about to give in a List or Schedule of Slaves, is prevented doing so in his or her own proper person, from illness or bodily infirmity; and that the List or Schedule by you now given in was signed by such owner in your presence, and that the same contains a true and exact number and description of all the Slaves now belonging to or in the possession of the said _____ according to the best of your knowledge, information and belief.

"So help you GOD."

5th. And to the intent that all persons required to return lists or schedules by this Act for any slaves, may be duly apprised, and have sufficient notice of the respective times of returning the same; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall and he is hereby required some time in the month

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. 5

BARBADOES.

immediately preceding the time herein appointed for the making such returns of slaves as aforesaid, to send advertisements in writing by him signed, purporting such respective times for giving in such returns to the rector, or his officiating minister, of each parish, who is and are hereby required to publish, or cause the same to be published in their respective parish churches the two succeeding Sundays after receipt thereof, between the prayers and sermon, and then to fix the same up at the church doors, to remain till after the time of making such returns has elapsed; and in case the said registrar, or the rector or officiating minister, shall in any respect fail herein, the party so offending, for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds current money of this Island.

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall carefully preserve the lists and schedules so returned to him, and cause the same, within six months after the return thereof, to be copied as clearly and distinctly as maybe, into one book, or set of books, duly paged and indexed, to be by him kept in his office, to which all persons may have free access during office hours to examine the same, every person paying the sum of six shillings and three-pence for such access and examination; and the said registrar is hereby further directed and required, upon application for the same, to give copies in writing, certified by himself, of any list or lists that may be desired, the person requiring the same paying for each several list so required, the sum of two shillings and sixpence for the same, if the number of slaves therein contained do no[t] exceed twenty, and the further sum of one shilling and three-pence for every further number of slaves not exceeding ten, after the first twenty that shall be contained therein.

7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as all the returns, lists, or schedules which shall have been delivered to the said registrar pursuant to this Act, shall have been entered and recorded as aforesaid, the said registrar shall give notice thereof forthwith to the inhabitants of this Island, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, and that the said books are and will continue open at the proper office, for the inspection, free of any expense of all persons who have made returns of slaves, for insertion therein, for the term of two months from the date of such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied of the accuracy of the said books, and of the said returns therein contained; and also that if any owners or possessors of slaves within this Island shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have omitted to return full and proper lists or schedules of their slaves, as by this Act is required, they must immediately apply to the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, and council, who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, are hereby empowered and required to order the admission and registration or correction of their returns or schedules by the said registrar.

8th. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully neglect to give in to the said registrar a list or lists, schedule or schedules of his, her or their slave or slaves as above directed, every such person or persons so neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for every such slave so neglected to be given in, one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and one moiety to be paid into the public treasury of this Island; and all and every slave or slaves so neglected to be given in, if such slave be an African, shall be entitled to his, her, or their freedom, unless such person or persons so omitting to give in any such slave or slaves shall within six months after the discovery of such omission, establish by sufficient evidence before the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, and the members of His Majesty's Council in council, that such African slave or slaves so omitted to be given in, had been legally imported; and the treasurer of this Island for the time being is hereby required and directed to pay to each African so rendered free, the sum of four pounds annually and every year during the term of his or her natural life.

9th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who may be at any time resident in this Island, and who may have, keep, and retain in his, her or their possession, as a slave or slaves, any African or Africans who may have been illicitly imported into this Island, knowing the same to have been so illicitly imported, shall, upon conviction thereof, at any court of grand sessions of oyer and terminer, general gaol delivery, and general sessions of the peace of this Island, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five

6 ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING.

BARBADOES.

pounds, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this Island, for any time not exceeding the period of two years.

10th. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any proceedings of the said registrar, in any manner relating to this Act, may appeal by petition to the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, and the members of His Majesty's Council in council, who are hereby directed and fully empowered to hear and finally determine thereon, and to remit or confirm all and every or any the penalties in this Act contained, as to them shall seem fit.

11th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall make and prepare, or cause to be made and prepared, accurate and perfect duplicates of the said books, and shall authenticate and certify the said duplicates by the following affidavit:

"Before A.B. [inserting the name and title of the governor or commander in chief for the time being], personally appeared C.D. [naming himself] the said registrar of slaves of this Island, who, being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists, makes oath and says, That he the said C.D. has carefully examined and compared all the preceding entries in this book with all the different returns of slaves delivered to him, or to his knowledge or belief, to any deputy, clerk, or assistant by him appointed; and that he is enabled thereby to depose, and does depose, that the preceding return of the slaves of this Island is in all respects correctly and faithfully made."

Which affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said governor or commander in chief for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand:

"I, A B. [inserting his name and title of office] do hereby certify that the above Affidavit was duly sworn before me this _____ day of one thousand eight hundred and _____.

Witness my hand, this _____ day of _____ one thousand eight hundred and _____."

"A.B"

And the said duplicate books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the said registrar to the governor or commander-in-chief for the time being, who shall forthwith transmit the same to His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

12th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no erasure shall on any pretence or for any cause whatever, be at any time permitted to be in any of the said books; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular therein, so that the same shall differ from the name, description or particular contained in the schedule or return from which the same was made; or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said hooks, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible; and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall either be interlined or written in the margin; and the registrar shall, either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark or reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length.

13th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the books in his office, or either of them, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said books, or either of them, the said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence before any court of grand sessions of oyer and terminer, general gaol delivery, and grand sessions of the peace for this Island, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, and be imprisoned for any time not exceeding two years, in the common gaol of this Island; and if any deputy assistant or clerk of the said registrar shall commit, or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed any such offence as afor esaid, he shall, upon tho like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. 7

BARBADOES.

the sum of five hundred pounds, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this Island, for any time not exceeding the period of two years; and if any other person or persons in this colony shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the said books, or either of them, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been made in the said books or either of them, every such person or persons so offending, shall, upon like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds of like current money, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this Island, for any time not exceeding the period of two years.

14th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all sums of money arising by this act, and all and every the forfeitures and penalties in the same contained, shall be to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be applied, together with all other public monies not appropriated to any particular use, to and for all and every the uses, intents and purposes of the annual acts for raising money to defray the expenses of this government; except as hereinbefore is particularly directed.

15th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon all questions respecting the freedom or slavery of any individual, arising in any court or before any magistrate in this colony, a duly certified copy of the registration of such individual in the books of the said registrar shall be received as sufficient prima facie evidence of the slavery of such individual.

16th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer of this Island for the time being shall pay to the said registrar so to be appointed as aforesaid, out of any of the public monies in his hands, at and after the rate of two hundred pounds annually and every year, by four equal quarterly payments, during all such time as he shall hold and exercise the said office of registrar, and the further sum of six hundred pounds, current money of this Island, when and at such times as he shall complete and produce to the commander in chief for the time being authenticated duplicates of the aforesaid books of registry.

17th. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the fines, forfeitures and penalties hereinbefore imposed, and for which the mode of recovery has not already been declared, shall be recovered on complaint to any justice of the peace, and the same proceedings shall be had thereon as in the case of servants wages.

The RETURN of A.B. of Slaves, the property of C.D. of which A.B. is Manager.

Name. Sex. Colour. Employment. Age. Country.

Quash - Mule - Negro - Cooper - 45. - Barbadian.

Harriet - Female - Mulatto - House-servant - 3O. - Barbadian.

Quord - Male - Negro - Watchman - 50. - African,

The RETURN of A.B. of Slaves, his own property.

Nmue. Sex. Colour. Employment. Age. Country.

Kitty Ann - Female - Negro - Field - 36. - Barbadian.

Bob - Male - Negro - Cooper - 40. - Barbadian.

Read three times, and passed the General Assembly, this seventeenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

J. R. Phillips,

Clerk of General Assembly.

8 ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

BARBADOES.

Read three times, and passed the Council unanimously, this seventeenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

W. Husbands,

Deputy Clerk of Council.

---

Return to the House of Assembly, on the seventh day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, with alterations, and assented to by the House the same day.

J. It. Phillips,

Clerk of General Assembly.

Assented to by his Honour the President, the ninth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

W. Husbands, Deputy Secretary. John Spooner.

N° 2.

JAMAICA.

An ACT for a more particular Return of Slaves in this Island, and the Enrolment thereof.

JAMAICA. WHEREAS the legislature of this Island is anxious to show by every means in its power, the most sincere disposition to guard against any possible infringement of the laws for abolishing the slave trade, for the evasion of which the return of peace may be thought to afford facilities: And whereas a more particular return of the slaves in this Island than had hitherto been required by the laws heretofore passed for that purpose, and an enrolment thereof, may be advantageous; We, Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons who shall be present in this Island on the twenty-eighth day of June next after the passing of this Act, and shall then be in the possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as .owner, mortgagee, trustee, guardian, executor, administrator, sequestrator, committee, receiver, assignee, lessee, attorney, agent, or otherwise howsoever, do and shall, on or before the twenty-eighth day of September then next, render in to the clerk of the vestry of the parish where such slave or slaves so possessed as aforesaid, shall be considered to be most permanently settled, worked or employed, a true and perfect list or return in writing, or true and perfect lists or returns in writing of all and every slave and slaves so^ possessed by him, her or them, and so settled, worked, or employed within such parish as aforesaid; each and every of which lists or returns shall specify in the first place, the name or names of the possessor or possessors as aforesaid, of the several slaves in such list or return contained, and the character or capacity in which he, she, or they possess the same, whether as owner or otherwise, as hereinafter mentioned; and in all cases where such possession shall not be as owner, then also the name or names of the person or persons for whom or for whose estates or interest such slaves are so possessed, and in words at length the total number of male slaves, and the total number of female slaves contained in every such list or return; and shall further specify in distinct columns, according to the form in the schedule marked A, hereunto annexed, the following particulars, beginning with the list of males, and distinguishing them from the*list of females; that is to say, in the first of the said columns, and which shall be entitled, " Names," shall be inserted the name of such slave by which be or she has been usually called or known; in the second of the said columns, and which shall be entitled, " Colour," the colour of such slave, that is, whether Negro, Sambo, Mulatto, Quadroon, or Mustee; in the third of the said columns, and which shall be entitled u Age," the age, or reputed age of such slave, According to the best of the knowledge or belief of the party, who shall make

attestation

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

9

attestation on oath to the truth of such list or return as hereinafter mentioned; in the fourth of the said columns, and which shall be entitled, " African, or Creole," is shall he shown whether such slave is an African or Creole, according to the best of the knowledge or belief of the party making attestation on oath to the truth of such list or return as hereinafter mentioned; and in the fifth of the said c ''imns, and which shall be entitled, " Remarks," it shall be shown opposite the i ie of each and every slave, the name of the mother of such slave, if the mother be recurned in the same list or return; and in all cases where any slave or slaves shall at any time within three years next preceding the said twenty-eighth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have run away from the possession of the party or parties making such return as aforesaid, or from the person or persons whom or whose estates they in any manner represent as aforesaid, to the best of the knowledge or belief of the party making attestation on oath to the truth of such list or return as hereinafter mentioned, and still continue a runaway on the said twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, there shall be stated the name and description of every such runaway slave as aforesaid, in like manner as of the other slaves to be included in such list or return, and opposite to the name of every such runaway, who shall then have been absent, and of every slave who may be a runaway for the space of three months or upwards then next preceding, shall be inserted in the said column, entitled, " Remarks," the word "Runaway."

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that no person or persons in possession as tenant or tenants, by parole only, of any slave or slaves on the said twenty-eighth day of June, shall be bound to make such return of the same, unless the person or persons from which such slave or slaves are rented or hired shall then be an absentee, and unrepresented in this Island by attorney or agent authorized to receive the rent, in which cases the tenant or tenants shall be bound to make such return; but otherwise, the person or persons hiring out such slave or slaves, his or their attorney or agent authorized to receive the rent, shall be bound to make such return; and in order to avoid as much as possible all irregularities or mistakes in making such lists or returns, a sufficient number of printed forms, according to the Schedule A. hereunto annexed, shall be lodged in due time before the said twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, with the several clerks of the vestries throughout the Island, and shall be delivered to all persons applying for the same, at a price not exceeding five-pence for each sheet, and which printed forms the receiver general is hereby authorized and required to provide at the expense of this Island; and the said clerks of the vestries are authorized and required not to receive any returns of slaves, unless the same or the last sheet of each and such lists or returns, when such list or return shall consist of more than one sheet, shall be made upon one of such printed forms, and each sheet shall contain the same number of columns, and be headed in the same manner as such printed sheet.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several lists or returns of slaves as hereunto required, shall, before they are rendered to the several clerks of the vestry, be verified by the oath, or, where the party is a quaker, by the solemn affirmation of the person, or one of the persons, if there be more than one, making such return; and such oath or affirmation shall be made in writing and subscribed by the party making the same, and subjoined by the list or return to which the same refers; and which oath or afiirmation shall be to the form and effect following; that is to say,

" I, yJ. B. do Swear, [or, if a quaker solemnly Affirm,] That the above list and " return, consisting of [here insert the number of sheets'] sheets, is a true,

" perfect, and complete List and Return, to the best of my knowledge and " belief, in every particular therein mentioned, of all and every slave and slaves " possessed by me [lierc insert the name of any joint possessor, as owner,

" mortgagee, $c. as the case may be; and where the possession is held " otherwise than as owner, add the name of the person for whom or for " whose estate or interest such, possession is held] considered as most permanently settled, worked, or employed in the parish of " o!i the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and " seventeen, without fraud, deceit or evasion.

"So help me GOD."

10

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

JAMAICA.

Which oath or affirmation shq.ll be made before any judge of the supreme or other j of the assize courts of this Island, or any justice of the peace for the parish for which the return is intended, and such judge and justices respectively are hereby authorized and required to administer the same.

And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall be present in this Island on the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and in every third succeeding year, and shall then be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as owner, mortgagee, trustee, guardian, executor, administrator, sequestrator, committee, receiver, assignee, lessee, attorney, agent, or otherwise howsoever, do and shall, on or before the twenty-eighth day of September then next ensuing, render to the clerk of the vestry of the parish where such slave or slaves so possessed shall be considered to be most permanently settled, worked, or employed, a true and perfect list or return in writing, according to the schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed, which shall state in the first place the total of males and females contained in the last return, and show the increase and decrease, if any there be, in the same; and shall state the name of every slave constituting part of such increase and decrease, beginning with the males, and distinguishing where the list of males ends and the list of females begins, and the colour, reputed age, and whether African or Creole, in the columns so respectively entitled; and in the column entitled " Remarks/’ the names of the mothers of children, of both mother and children in the same list; and as to any runaways for more than three months, then next preceding the word "Runaway;" and further, in the case of increase, such return shall state in the column entitled, " Increase" and cause thereof, whether the increase has been by birth, acquisitions, or removal from any other parish, or the coining back of old runaways; and in case of births, then the names of the mothers shall be specified respectively opposite to the names of the children born; and in case the same shall be by acquisition, then it shall be stated opposite to the name of every such slave in the said increase column, in whose and in what particular list or return such acquired slave stood enrolled at the last preceding period for making returns under this Act, or if bom since, then in whose name and in what particular list or return the mother of such newly acquired slave stood enrolled at that period; or should such acquisition have been made of any slave or slaves lawfully imported into this Island since the last return, then it shall be stated in the said increase column that the same was or were so imported, and the port or place at which such importation was made, and the name of the vessel and master; and if such increase should bo by removal merely from any other parish of this Island, the slave being in the same possession, then such removal shall be mentioned in the increase columns, with the name of the parish from whence removed; and should such increase have boen by the coming back of any runaway who may have been absent above three years, then in the said increase column such coming back of such runaway shall be specified; and in case of decrease, such return shall state in the column entitled " Decrease," and cause thereof, opposite the name of every such slave constituting a part of such decrease, whether the same shall have been by death, grant, sale, or manumission, or by removal to any other parish in the same possession, naming the parish, or by the lapse of three years since the first running away of any slave standing enrolled in the last preceding return for the same person or persons, or estate; and at the foot of every such return required by this clause, there shall be stated in distinct lines the total number of slaves in possession on the twenty-eighth day of June, in the year for such return, shall be made also, in like manner, the total number of births and of deaths since the last return; and the same shall be verified by oath for in case of a quaker by his affirmation) of the person, or one of the persons if there be more than one, making such return, to be subscribed by the party, and subjoined to the said return, and to be made and taken in the form and manner, and before the like judges and justices, as already enacted with respect to the verification of returns to be made for the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and every such return so to be made on the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and at any succeeding period for making the triennial returns required by this clause, if made for any person or persons or estate for whom there shall have been no return made, shall be in every particular, as near as circumstances will admit, in like manner as the return in respect to increase for or on account of any porson or estate for whom a former return shall have been made.

Provided

TO THE TREATMENT 01? SLAVES.

11

I

or*

Provided always, That tenants by parole of any slave or slaves, shall not be bound JAMAICA.

to make the triennial returns required by this clause, except as before excepted in the ---- — v" —

first clause of this Act; but all such triennial returns required by this clause in respect to slaves so held by parole, shall be made as required in respect to the return to be made for such slaves, on the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, by the said first clause of this Act; and in order to avoid as much as possible all irregularities and mistakes in making such triennial returns as are required by this clause, the receiver general shall provide, at the expense of this Island, a sufficient number of printed forms according to the Schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed, to be lodged in convenient time before the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and so before the twenty-eighth day of June in every succeeding period of three years, when such returns are to be made, with the several clerks o£ the vestries, and which shall be delivered to all persons applying for the same, at a price not exceeding five-pence for each sheet; and the clerks of the vestries are not to receive any returns of slaves as by this clause required, unless the same on the last sheet of every such lists or returns, if such list or return shall consist of more than one sheet, shall be made upon one of such printed forms, and each preceding sheet shall contain the same number of columns and be headed in the same manner as such printed sheet.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the first and triennial return required to be made according to the provisions of this Act, of the slaves belonging to the Crown, and employed about the person of the Governor, shall be made and verified on the oath of the private secretary of the Governor, or lieutenant Governor, or person so executing for the time being the functions of Governor, under a penalty of one hundred pounds.

And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any clerk of the vestry, under a penalty of five hundred pounds, to receive any first return or giving-in required by this Act, after the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or any triennial return after the twenty-eighth day of September, in the year in which such triennial return shall fall due; except as hereinafter next mentioned and provided.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in such case where it shall be made appear on oath to the satisfaction of the justices and vestry in vestry assembled, at any meeting to be called for the purpose by the custos or chief magistrate, if necessary, at any time on or before the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in respect to the first returns to be made under this act, or on or before the thirty-first day of December in any year in which any triennial return shall fall due, in respect to such triennial return, that through inadvertence or unavoidable cause there happened to be no return, or a defective return, it shall and may be lawful for the justices and vestry to order the clerk of the vestry then to receive every such return, or to amend every such defective return.

And be it further enacted, That every clerk of the vestry shall indorse on every return the actual date of its boing filed or lodged with him, and such returns shall be deemed a public record, and to that purpose his office shall be taken to be a public office of record, and such records shall be under the same protection from embezzlement, erasure, and injury, as the records in the secretary’s office are by law protected; besides which, if such injury shall arise from the negligence or misconduct of the clerk of the vestry, he shall incur and suffer the penalty of five hundred pounds for each offence, and bo incapable of holding his office.

And be it further enacted, That every clerk of the vestry, under the penalty of five hundred pounds, and incapacity from holding his office, shall, by the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, cause the said first returns required by this Act, and by the first day of February in each year next after the triennial returns are required to be made into his office, cause {ill and every swell triennial returns received into his office, to be fairly and faithfully copied in a neat manner, and as closely as convenient; at the end of which, he shall annex an affidavit, to be taken and sworn before any judge of the supreme court, or of either of the assize courts, or of any justice of the peace for the parish in which such return is made, who are respectively hereby authorized and required to administer an oath in that respect, that such copy 1ms been carefully copied, examined with the original returns, and is a faithful and true copy thereof, to the best of deponent’s endeavour, knowledge and belief; and shall also annex to such copy, a correct

33 8. alphabet.

12

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

JAMAICA.

alphabet of the names of the persons for whom the return is intended, and at the J top, and on the back of such return, shall state for what parish, and for what year it is the return: which copy so prepared, the said clerk of the vestry, under the penalty and incapacity last mentioned, shall, on or before the twentieth day of February one thousand eight hundred and eighteen for the first returns, and on or before the twentieth day of February in each year, next after the triennial returns are required to be made in respect to such triennial returns, transmit and cause to be carefully delivered to or at the office of the secretary of this Island, when such authenticated copy shall be forthwith entered and recorded in a book or books to be separately kept for that purpose, in the manner that other instruments are there recorded and kept.

And be it further enacted, That the said secretary shall, under the penalty of five hundred pounds, on or before the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in respect to the first returns, and on or before the twenty-eighth day of June in each year, next after the triennial returns are required to be made in respect of such triennial returns, fully record, and shall thereafter, and after having certified at the back thereof that the same have been recorded by him, and the day when received and entered at his office, deliver in all such authentic copies so received from the clerks of the vestries, to or at the office of the secretary of the Governor, or person executing the functions of Governor, to be transmitted to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonial Department.

And be it further enacted, That an extract or copy from any original return under this Act recorded in the vestry office, certified under the hand of the clerk of the vestry himself, personally, or an extract or copy of any return made under this Act from the record thereof in the secretary’s office, and certified under the hand of the secretary or person officiating for him, or by the oath of a witness who had compared the extract or copy with the original return in the vestry office, or with the record thereof in the secretary’s office, shall be admitted in all courts and places as legal evidence, to the extent the original itself would go.

And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who is or are required by this Act to make a return of slave or slaves in his or their possession as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect so to do within the time directed or allowed for the same, whereby any slave or shaves shall be omitted to be duly returned in the first return, or any subsequent triennial return pursuant to this Act, every person so offending shall for each and every slave who ought to have been returned, and of whom no return has been made, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case of such person or persons acting in any representative character, making such default or omission, he, she or they shall, besides the said penalty, make good to the real owner of such slave or slaves any damages and loss thereby sustained.

And be it further enacted, That such penalty of one hundred pounds shall be recoverable by action of debt commenced in the Supreme Court, but the issue therein to be tried in the county where the cause of action shall arise, and when recovered, shall be applied one half to the prosecutor, and the other half to His Majesty, bis heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof.

And be it further enacted, That upon judgment being recovered for suclr.penalty, an information shall be filed in office by His Majesty's attorney general in and for the next succeeding grand court, against the slave or slaves, for the commission of whose return such penalty shall have been recovered, but the issue joined therein to be tried in the county where the cause of such action arose, as and for an importation of African slaves, contrary to the said abolition laws *, and the record of such judgment shall be sufficient evidence to maintain the said information; and to ever such information so filed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons against whom the judgment for such penalty has been recovered, to take the defence in his her or their own name or names, or in the name or names of the person or persons for whom lie she or they held possession of the slave or slaves left unreturned as aforesaid, or for such person or persons for whom possession was held, to. take the defence in his her or their own name or names, and to plead not guilty, and thereunder to prove that the slave or slaves included in the said information was not or were not imported into this Island contrary to the said abolition laws.

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

JAMAICA.

And be it further enacted, That in case the defence to the said information shall not have been- taken as aforesaid, during the court for which the same is filed, the

said information shall be continued over until the next grand court; in which court it shall and may be lawful for any person claiming any estate or interest in the said slave or slaves included' in the said information, either in reversion or remainder, or other estate expectant upon the determination of the estate of the person for whose interest the possession of such slave or slaves was held, or any mortgagee of the said slave or slaves, or any judgment, creditor of the person or persons or estate, for whose interest such possession was held, to take the defence of such information, by leave of the judges of the said supreme court; and it shall be lawful for the person so taking the defence of the said information to plead not guilty thereto, and thereunder to prove that the said slave or slaves included therein was, or were not imported contrary to the said abolition laws, and was or were subject to such right, title or interest as they ;claim therein.

And be it further enacted, That if upon the trial -of any such information as aforesaid, a verdict shall be found, and judgment thereupon given for the defendant, the slave or slaves included in the said information, or such or so many of them for which such verdict and judgment for the defendant shall be found and given, shall be held and enjoyed in the same estate as before the trial of the said information, and the original return and the record thereof shall thereupon be amended, or a new return made thereof, and recorded, as need may be, under an order of the judges of the court in which the issue was tried: Provided always, that when it shall appear that the person or persons for whose interest possession of such slave or slaves was held, was entitled to the same under a particular estate only, and the defence of' the said information shall have been taken under the proviso aforesaid, by the person or persons next in reversion or remainder, or expectancy, such person or persons shall forfeit his or their particular estate, right, title or interest in the said slave or slaves, and the same shall immediately vest in the person or persons in reversion or remainder, or expectancy, as if such reversion, remainder or expectancy had vested in possession in them in due course of law.

And be it further enacted, That if judgment for the crown be had in such information by default or verdict, the slave or slaves who shall be the subject thereof shall be treated and disposed of as if they had been imported contrary to the abolition laws aforesaid, and under the regulations of the said laws; and for that purpose the judges of the supreme court, or justices of assize, shall give notice to the governor, or person executing the functions of governor, as soon as such verdict or judgment for the crown shall have passed, and shall make such order for the production and delivery over, if needful, of the slave or slaves, the subject thereof, as to them shall seem expedient and necessity may require.

And be it further Enacted, That the secretary of this Island shall be paid by the public for recording the authentic copies of the returns aforesaid, at and after the rate lie is entitled to charge for recording the deeds, and by the person requiring the same, for every copy or extract at and after the rate lie is now entitled to charge for copies and extracts of deeds out of his office} and every clerk of the vestry shall in like manner be paid by the public at and after the rate of one shilling and eight-pence for every one hundred and sixty words, every figure to be counted a word, for making the authenticated copy or copies of returns hereby required; and for filing such original returns, and granting a receipt for the same, which lie, is hereby required to give to the party making the return, if demanded, the sum of one shilling and three-pence; and by the party requiring a copy or extract, at the same rate as .allowed to the secretary for such copies and extracts.

And whereas it may happen that omissions , or irregularities may occur in* respect to such returns as by this Act required, through accident or unavoidable impediment, and for the remedying of which, under certain circumstances, it may be expedient to allow some further time after the said thirty-first day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in respect to the first returns to be made under this Act, and after the thirty-first day of October in any year in which any triennial return is to be made; He it further Enacted, That if any person or persons required to make a return of slave or Slaves under this Act, or any person or persons for whose account or interest a return of any slave or slaves ought to have been made, shall apply by petition, to the governor, lieutenant governor, or person executing the functions of governor, and make it appear to his satisfaction that the non-delivery of any such . 33$. D return,

H

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

JAMAICA.

return, or any omissionor irregularity therein, if any return shall have been rendered, has arisen from accident or some unavoidable impediment, or from some other cause which may appear to him as a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the party to have such omission or irregularity rectified, and that the same has not arisen from any wilful delay or default, the said governor, lieutenant governor, or person executing the functions of governor, at any time on or before the thirty-first day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in respect to the first returns required to be made by this Act, and at any time on or before the thirty-first day of December, in any year next succeeding that in which the triennial returns are required to be made in respect to such triennial returns, may make an order in writing, subscribed by him, and addressed to the clerk of the vestry of the parish to which such return shall properly belong, commanding him to receive such omitted return or amended return, as the case may be, and to keep the same, together with the said order to him addressed, as a record in his office; and the said clerk of the vestry shall, within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, transmit a copy of such return, and also of the said order, to the office of the secretary of this Island, attested in like manner as is required for the copy of the original returns of his parish; and the secretary of the Island shall record the same, and transmit such copy by him received, nothin fourteen days after his receipt thereof, with the date of his receipt and inrohnent thereof, indorsed by him, to the office of the governor’s secretary, to be forwarded to His Majesty's secretary of state for the colonial department, in like manner as the copy of the former returns of the same parish: Provided always, that all expenses of receiving, recording, and copying such omitted or amended return, and the order for receiving the same, shall be paid by the party applying for and obtaining such order, to the respective officers entitled to the same, at the same rates hereinbefore established for such proceedings in the lirst instance.

And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any omission or irregularity has been certified as aforesaid, according to the powers hereinbefore given in such respects, any party against whom any prosecution shall be pending for a forfeiture on account of such omission or irregularity, when judgment shall not have been actually executed, and any defendant to any information filed as aforesaid, whereupon judgment shall not already have passed for the crown, may apply to the Supreme Court of Judicature, and such court shall and may make an order for the staying or discontinuing or vacating of such proceedings, upon payment by the party applying of the full costs out of purse, as well of the informant as of the crown, if any incurred.

And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall knowingly and wilfully make any false oath or affirmation to any of the matters or things by this act required to be so verified, or shall so corruptly procure or suborn any person or persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such oath or affirmation, shall, on being duly convicted thereof, suffer such punishment as is inflicted by the laws of England for such offences.

And be it further enacted, That the several penalties hereby imposed, the recovery whereof is not already provided for, shall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, plaint or information commenced in the Supreme Court, and the issue tried in the county where the cause of action shall arise, wherein no essoign, wager of law, or non vull idlerius prosequi shall be allowed, one half of which penalties shall go to the informer, or him, her, or them who shall sue for the same, and the other moiety to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof.

And be it further enacted, That all returns, receipts, papers, and proceedings whatsoever made necessary by this act, shall be exempt from all stamp duty.

SCHEDULE

TO THE TREATMENT OE SLAVES. 15

SCHEDULE (A.)

A RETURN of Slaves in the Parish of in the possession

of as on the day of

in the year of our Lord

Names. Lb'S -Vntales - - - Colour. Age. African, or Creole. lU.M.Yl'.Ks

Maks. Females.

Total.

"I, A.B. do Swear, j"or, if a Quaker solemnly Affirm,] That the abo\e " List and Return, consisting of sheets, is a true, perfect, and

" complete List and Return to the best of my knowledge and belief, in every " particular therein mentioned, of all and every Slave and Slaves possessed " by me, as considered as most permanently settled, worked,

" or employed in the parish of on the twenty-eighth

" day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, without fraud, " deceit, or evasion."

"So help me GOD."

Sworn before me, this day of

SCHEDULE (B.)

A RETURN of Slaves in the Parish of in the possession

of • as on the day of

in the year of our Lord

Maks, by last Return. Females.

Total, by last Return.

Names. Colour. Age. African, REMARKS. Increase, Decrease,

or Creole. awl Cause thereof. and Cause thereof

Mules - - ! i

Females -

Increase. Decrease.

! jf Number of Situ cs on the

| 1 day of

Births since la.t Return.

4 I Deaths s.ncc last Return.

" 1, ,/. 71-

lG

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

" I, A. JB. do Swear, [or, if a Quaker solemnly Affirm,] That the above " List and Return, consisting of sheets, is a true, perfect, and

" complete List and Return, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in every " particular therein mentioned, of all and every Slave and Slaves possessed " by me, as considered as most permanently settled, worked,

" or employed in the parish of on the

" day of in the year of our Lord

" without fraud, deceit, or evasion.

"So help me GOD."

Sworn before me, this day of

Passed the Council, this fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen. TV. Bullock, Clerk of Committee.

I Consent, this eleventh day of December, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen. Manchester.

Passed the Assembly, this twenty-ninth day of November, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen. James Lewis, (Speaker.)

Vera copia exten.

TV. Bullock, Sec.

N° 3.

JAMAICA ISLAND ACT.

A Copy of an ACT in furtherance of the Provisions of the Abolition Laws within this Island.

WHEREAS by an Act of the British Parliament, passed in the forty-seventh year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act for the Abolition of " the Slave Trade," the African slave trade, and all dealing in the purchase or sale of slaves or other persons intended to be used or dealt with as such, in, to, at or from Africa, or any island, country, territory or place in the West Indies or America, not belonging to His Majesty, was abolished, prohibited, and declared unlawful: And whereas by another Act of the said British Parliament, passed in the fifty-first year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering " more effectual an Act made in the forty-seventh year of His Majesty's reign, " intituled, "An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade," the carrying on the said trade or being engaged therein in the ways therein mentioned, was declared to be felony, and punishable as such according to law: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That it was and is unlawful to buy or sell in this Island, or to hold in slavery there, any African or other person or persons who after the passing of the said first recited Act was or were imported into this Island contrary to the intent and meaning of the said Act, if any such ever was or were so imported into this Island.

And be it further enacted, That no estate, right, title, property or interest whatsoever, at law or in equity, of, in, or to any African, or other person or persons unlawfully imported from and after the passing of this Act (if any such there shall happen to be) can, shall, or may accrue to or vest in any person or persons whomsoever, or be created or transferred, or pass by sale or mortgage, gift, grant or other voluntary alienation, or by judgment at law, decree or execution, or by marriage, succession, inheritance, will, devise, administration, or otherwise howsoever; and that every such will or other instrument, whereby any such African or other person or persons shall be conveyed, devised, transferred or disposed of, or otherwise attempted so to be, or wherein the same shall be mentioned or comprehended as a slave or slaves, shall be, as to such African or other person or persons, and the issue of the females of such African or other person or persons, utterly void find of none effect.

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. 17

JAMAICA.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully keep,

.hold or detain* or attempt to keep, hold or detain in slavery, or treat as a slave, any -African or other person unlawfully imported as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully hire, employ, harbour or entertain, or in anywise have in his her or their possession, or suffer to remain or abide on his her or their settlement or property, or on any settlement or property in his her or their possession, or under his her or their care or management as attorney, agent, executor, administrator, guardian, mortgagee in possession, trustee, overseer, or otherwise, any such African or other person or persons as aforesaid, every such person so offending shall on conviction forfeit for every African or other person, the subject of such offence, the sum of one hundred and forty pounds current money of this Island; one moiety thereof to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of this Island, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall inform and prosecute for the same; and shall also be committed to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it may and shall be lawful for any one of His Majesty's justices of the peace in any of the parishes or precincts of this Island, upon information, complaint or suspicion verified by the affidavit of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to his her or their knowledge or belief, to be sworn before any of His Majesty's justices of the peace, or any judge or judges of the supreme or assize courts of this Island, that any African or other person or persons unlawfully imported as aforesaid, is or are hired, employed, harboured or entertained by, or is or are in anywise in the possession of any person or persons, or suffered to remain or abide on any settlement or property belonging to or in the possession or under the care or management of any person or persons as before mentioned, in his respective parish or precinct, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, to associate with himself two other justices of the peace of the same parish or precinct, who together shall inquire into the grounds of the said information or complaint, or of the suspicion as aforesaid; and in case such information or complaint, or such suspicion shall appear to be probable and well founded, shall cause the person or persons informed against or complained of, or so suspected, to be summoned to be and appear before them, at some time and place in such summons to be specified, to answer to such information or complaint, or to be examined on the subject of such .suspicion as aforesaid, and also all other persons necessary to give evidence concerning the matters charged in such information or complaint, or the subject of such suspicion as aforesaid, to be examined touching their knowledge of the same; and the person or persons so informed against, complained of, or suspected, shall be enjoined and commanded by the said summons to produce at the same time and place before such justices so associated, all and every or any such African or other person or persons as he she or they shall have in his her or •their possession, as a slave or slaves, or hired, employed, harboured, or entertained •by him her or them, or in anywise abiding or being on his her or their settlement or property, or on any settlement or property in his her or their possession in the right of any other person, or under his her or their care or management as aforesaid; and in case it shall appear on such examination and inquiry as aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the said justices, that such African or other person or persons hath or have been unlawfully imported from Africa or elsewhere, contrary to any of the prohibitions or provisions in this Act or the said recited Acts contained, and have been sold or disposed of within the said Island as a slave or slaves, or placed, detained and kept in a state of slavery,

.such African or other slave or slaves shall, for the purpose of condemnation merely, be deemed, taken and adjudged to be unlawfully imported slaves, and be liable to forfeiture in such and the same way as if they had been proceeded against and adjudged liable to forfeiture under the said first recited Act; and the said justices shall accordingly proceed to condemn .such African or other slave or slaves as forfeited to His Majesty, nevertheless for such purposes only as are mentioned and contained in the said first recited Act concerning slaves and natives of Africa seized and condemned under the provisions of that Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person against whom any such information shall be laid, and who shall be summoned as aforesaid, shall keep his or her gates shut, or shall keep him or herself out of the way, or secrete him or herself, so that that the officer directed to execute the said

33^- E summons,

is

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

JAMAICA. summons, skull not be able to serve the .same personally, the affixing a copy thereof

- — ----J to the gate, or the leaving out such copy at the dwelling-house of such person, shall

(due proof thereof being made upon affidavit) be taken as a service thereof, and be deemed to be as good and valid in the law as if the original thereof had been ex-., kibited to. the person named therein.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it may and shall be lawful for the three justices of the peace associated as aforesaid, in case such person or persons informed against, complained of or suspected as aforesaid, shall not appear before them at the time and place required by the summons aforesaid, upon due proof on oath being made of the service thereof as aforesaid, to issue their warrant to the provost marshal or his lawful deputy, or any lawful constable, for the apprehending and bringing before them such person or persons, or to proceed in the examination of, and adjudication upon the information or complaint, in the absence of the party complained of as aforesaid, as in their discretion shall seem fit.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein any such African or other person or persons as aforesaid shall be refused or neglected to be brought before the three justices associated in the manner before directed, by any person or persons hiring, employing, harbouring or entertaining, or having such African or other person or persons in his her or their possession, or suffering such African or other person or persons to remain or abide in his her or their settlement or property, or on any settlement or property in his her or their possession in the right of any other person, or under his her or their care or management, when required so to do by any summons as aforesaid, or otherwise commanded by such justices as aforesaid, it may and shall be lawful for the said justices, and they are hereby required to issue their warrant for the apprehending and bringing before them all such African or other person or persons as aforesaid, concerning whom such information or complaint as aforesaid shall have been made, or such suspicion as aforesaid shall lie, or who shall in anywise appear to such justices to be on any settlement or property belonging to any such person or persons as aforesaid, or in his her or their possession, or under his or their care or management; which warrant shall be directed to the provost marshal or any of his lawful deputies, or any lawful constable, who are hereby directed and enjoined to execute the same.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall not on demand made, open his, her, or their gates to any deputy marshal, or any constable charged with any such warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any such deputy marshal or constable, (but nevertheless in the presence and under the direction of a justice of the peace,) to break open the same gates, in order to apprehend any African or other person or persons, concerning whom such information or complaint as. aforesaid shall have been made or such sus-. picion shall lie; and such person or persons shall forfeit each the sum of one hundred and forty pounds for every African or other person or persons so proved to have been hired, employed, harboured, or entertained by or in anywise in his, her, or their possession, or suffered to remain or abide on his, her, or their settlement or property, or on any settlement or property in or under his, her, or their possession, care, or management in the right of any other person, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, and who shall not bo produced as hereinbefore directed; and in, case any person or persons shall otherwise resist any such officer in apprehending and taking up any such African or other person or persons as aforesaid, under the authority hereby given, and according to the meaning of this Act, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred and forty pounds for every such offence; and the justices aforesaid are hereby authorized and empowered to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county wherein the offence shall have been committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize until lie, she, or they shall have duly paid the several penalties incurred as aforesaid, which penalties shall be to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to prevent any doubts arising, whether the aforesaid mentioned proceedings under the authority of this Act shall be considered as a criminal or a civil process; and in order to sustain the legality of any warrant issued to apprehend or commit such; person or persons as shall offend herein, it is hereby declared, that every such process is and shall be taken to be of a criminal nature; and that any such particular description as shall be sufficient

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

*9

cient to ascertain the person of any such African, or other person or persons unlaw- JAMAICA.

fully imported as aforesaid, or to discriminate such from any others, shall be deemed v — — ^----

a ‘sufficient specification of any such African or other person or persons, in any warrant issued under and by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that if any levy he made or judicial or mesne process executed in any civil cause, on occasion of the execution of any warrant issued by virtue of this Act, every such levy, and the execution of every such process, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes; and that every person making such levy, or executing or attempting to execute any such process, shall be liable to answer for the same in damages to the party aggrieved thereby.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in any proceedings under the authority of this Act, it shall he lawful for the parties, the subjects thereof, if desirous of so doing, to appeal from the decision of any justice of the peace associated as aforesaid, before whom shall have been tried any question touching any African or other person or persons held or detained in slavery as aforesaid, to the governor, lieutenant governor, or person exercising the functions of governor for the time being of this Island in council, or giving notice to that effect to such justices within the space of fourteen days next after such decision shall be made j and such justices are hereby required on receiving such notice, to transmit or cause to be transmitted forthwith, true copies of all such examinations and proceedings as have been had and taken in any such question, certified under their respective hands and seals to the governor, lieutenant governor, or person exercising the functions of governor; whereupon he shall cause notice to be served upon the person or persons claiming any such African or other person or persons as aforesaid, and all other proper and necessary parties to appear before him in council, together with such African or other person or persons for examination by an early day to be for that purpose appointed 5 and the said governor, lieutenant governor, or person exercising the functions of governor in council, shall fiiake such orders and regulations as shall seem meet and expedient for safe custody, and disposal and support of any such African or other person or persons, the subject of any such question as aforesaid, until the same shall be finally determined, and shall afterwards examine into the decision of the said justices, and shall make such order therein as shall seem just and proper.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall be summoned to appear as a witness in pursuance of this Act, and who. shall fail to appear at the time and place set forth in such summons as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall, upon due proof upon oath being made of the service thereof, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That .every person who slus.ll bond fide attend, or be bond fide on his way to attend, or on his return from attending any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue .‘of any summons for any of the purposes of this Act, shall -be entitled to and receive the like privilege from arrest or detention under any civil process whatsoever, as any suitor, party or witness attending, any court is by law entitled to receive; and if therefore any person shall be so arrested or detained, any judge of the supreme court o.f judicature of this Island, or justice of assize, on its' being made to appear ,to his satisfaction that such persons so arrested or detained did bond fide attend, or was bond fide on his way to attend, or on his return from attending, any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of any summons, for any of the purposes of this Act, shall and be and is hereby required forthwith to discharge the person so arrested or demined.

And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person so summoned as a witness, or who shall appear voluntarily before the said justices as a witness, and shall thereafter refuse to be examined upon oath touching the matters and things in question before such justices, they the said justices are hereby authorized and empowered to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the counjty wherein the offence shall have been committed, as for a contempt of court, for a period not.exceeding three months.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case any person so summoned, or appearing before the said justices to give evidence as aforesaid, shall -on examination be guilty of any false or wilful prevaricating, he or they being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur and suffer the pains and penalties indicted by law on

338. such

20

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

JAMAICA. such persons as shall commit, or shall suborn any person to commit unlawful and ----^----/ corrupt perjury.

Ancl be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after any condemnation of any African, or other person or persons unlawfully imported as aforesaid, under the provisions of the said recited Acts or of this present Act, the justices by whom such condemnation shall be made, shall certify the same to the governor, or person exercising the functions of governor of this Island, to the end that such African, or other person or persons unlawfully imported, maybe dealt with according to the provisions of the said first recited Act in such cases.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any negro arriving in any ship or vessel from any port without the said Island, in any port or place within the same, otherwise than as hereinafter is mentioned and permitted, to land without a .permit in writing from the naval officer, or his deputy, of such port where the ship or vessel shall have arrived, (except such seafaring negroes as shall be bond jide employed as mariners on board such ship or vessel,) on pain, if free, of being liable to be apprehended by any of His Majesty's subjects, and or being committed by any justice of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, to close confinement in any of the gaols of this Island for any period not exceeding three months, or if not free, of being committed by any justice to the nearest public workhouse, and to be there kept for safe custody and protection for a space of time not less than three months, and for the purpose of further proceeding in their behalf as they shall seem expedient, and circumstances may require; and in all such cases the like reward and charges shall be allowed to all persons taking up any such negro or negroes so transgressing, as are allowed for taking up runaways by the laws now in force respecting runaway slaves.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the master or commander of any ship, vessel, or boat which shall arrive in any port of this Island from any port without the same, (except any ship, vessel, or boat of His Majesty) shall immediately on his arrival declare upon oath in writing to the naval officer, or his deputy, of such port, whether there is or are to the best of his knowledge any negro or negroes, or any slaves on board his vessel, not being a negro or negroes, or slave or slaves bond Jide belonging to his said vessel, and employed in navigating the same; and in his said declaration shall specify the number and sex or sexes of such negroes and such slaves, if any there bp on board his.said vessel, the place or places where they wrcre taken on board, and in cases of slaves, the name or names of their respective owners or proprietors, and such further particulars concerning them and each of them as shall have come to his knowledge *, and shall also at. the same time render on oath to the said naval officer or his deputy, an account and list in writing of all such seafaring negroes and slaves on board the said ship, vessel or boat, as belong thereto and are employed in navigating the same.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the master or commander of any such ship, vessel, or boat so arriving as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make such declaration on oath, or to render such account and list on oath as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one ’hundred and forty pounds for each and every such negro or other slave who shall have been on board at the time of the arrival of such ship, vessel, or boat as aforesaid, one moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of this Island, and the other moiety to the informer or informers, who shall sue for the same, to be recovered before any two magistrates acting in and for the parish in which such offence shall have been committed; and that it shall be lawful for the collector and comptroller of the customs of the port, and of the naval officer or his deputy, where such ship, vessel, or boat shall have arrived, and they are hereby required and enjoined to detain such ship, vessel, or boat as aforesaid until the same shall have been paid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall not be lawful for any master or commander of any such ship, vessel, or boat arriving in afiy port of this Island from any port without the same, to land or suffer to be landed any negro or negroes, or any slave or slaves not oeing a negro or negroes, slave or slaves bond Jide belonging to the said ship, and employed in navigating the same (in which case all such negroes and slaves shall be under the regulations and restrictions hereinbefore

21

TO THE TREATMENT OF

07 A T77~C'

JAMAICA.

before provided and declared for seafaring negroes and slaves employed in navigating vessels to and from this Island,) without a permit in writing from the naval officer

or his deputy of such port where he shall have arrived, under the pain of forfeiting the sum of one hundred and forty pounds for every such negro or slave so landed; one moiety of which penalty shall be to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the other moiety to the informer who shall sue for the same, and of suffering the further punishment of imprisonment, not exceeding twelve months, without bail or mainprize, in the common gao), on conviction of such offence before any three magistrates of the parish or precinct wherein it shall be committed.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such master or commander, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any false and wilful prevaricating in talcing the oaths aforesaid, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person to take the said oath falsely, he or she being thereof duly convicted, shall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all such persons as shall commit wilful perjury, or shall procure or suborn any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the naval officer, or his lawful deputy, of the several ports of this Island, shall be entitled, for taking the declaration of the master or commander of any ship, vessel or boat, and the account and list as aforesaid, and for administering the several oaths by this Act required, (which paths they or either of them are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) and for making out and granting the permit in writing for landing .any such negro or negro.es, or slave or slaves as aforesaid, to demand a fee of ten shillings for every such negro or slave so permitted to be landed, to be paid by the person applying for the same, before such negro or negroes, slave or slaves shall be landed; which fees shall be in full compensation to such naval officer and his deputies for the additional duty imposed on them by this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the naval officer, or his deputy, of the several polls of this Island, shall not grant to any master or commander of any ship, vessel or boat so arriving as aforesaid, any permit before such declaration oil oath has been made by the master as is hereinbefore mentioned, under the penalty of one hundred and forty pounds for every negro or other slave, to he recovered in the supreme court, or either of the courts of assize in this Island; such penalty to be to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any attempt shall be made by any person or persons fraudulently and clandestinely to land any negro or negroes, or any slave or slaves from on board any ship or vessel in any port, harbour, bay or creek, or elsewhere on the sea-coast of this Island, contrary to the said recited Acts or this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's subjects, and lie and .they is and are hereby required to seize and apprehend any such negro or negroes, slave or slaves, and to carry him and them before the nearest magistrate, who shall associate with himself two other justices of the same precinct, and who together shall examine into the fact of such attempt to laud such negro or negroes, slave or slaves, and on due proof thereon, (unless the same shall well and satisfactorily appear to have been caused by shipwreck or other unavoidable or irresistible necessity,) the said justices shall forthwith adjudge and condemn such negro or negroes as unlawfully imported slaves, and as forfeited to the crown, in the manner and for the purposes before directed, in respect to natives of Africa or others unlawfully obtained in slavery, and condemned as slaves forfeited to His Majesty by virtue-of the said recited Acts and of this present Act.

" And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any African or other person or persons shall be finally condemned as slaves to His Majesty’s-use under the provisions of this Act, there shall be paid by the receiver general of this Island, or his lawful deputy, to the person or persons who shall inform against any one offending against the same, so as to lead to his or her conviction, the sum of fifty .pounds of current money of this Island, for every African or other person that shall be so condemned as aforesaid; and the said justices shall, upon every such condemnation being made under the authority of this Act, issue an order under their respective hands and seals, directed to the said receiver general, or his lawful deputy, for the payment of all such sum and sums of money, by way of bounty as aforesaid, to which the person or persons therein named shall or may be respectively entitled.

33§. ' " F And

22

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

JAMAICA.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance and under the authority of this Act, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within three months next after the offence shall have been committed, and that the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general issue " not guilty," and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and under the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, that the jury shall find a verdict for the defen clant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plantiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his her or their action, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ shall be sued out against, nor any copy of any process at the suit of a subject shall be served on any justice of the peace, or any person acting under his orders or directions, for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, or in the execution of or by reason of the powers given them by this act, until notice in writing of such intended writ or process shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual place of his abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue, or cause the same to be sued out or served, at least one calendar month before the suing out or serving the same *, in which notice shall be clearly and explictly contained the cause of action which such party hath or claimeth to have against such justice of the peace, or other person acting under his order or directions as aforesaid; on the back of which notice shall be indorsed the name of such attorney or agent, together with the place of his abode; and no plaintiff shall recover any verdict against such justice, or any person acting under his order or directions as aforesaid, in any case where the action shall be grounded, or any thing by him or them done under or in pursuance or in execution, or by reason of the powers by this act given to him or them, unless it is proved upon trial of such action that such notice was given as aforesaid; but in default thereof, such justice, or other person acting under his or their orders or direction, as aforesaid, shall recover a’verdict and costs as aforesaid; and no evidence shall be permitted to be given by the plaintiff on the trial of any such action as. aforesaid, of any cause of action, except such as is contained in the notice hereby directed to be given as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any justice of the peace, clerk of the peace, provost marshal, deputy marshal, gaol-keeper, constable, naval officer, or his deputy, or any other person by whom any thing is directed by this act to be done and performed, shall refuse to perform, or shall neglect his duty in auy thing; required by this act to be done, for which default no ponalty is hereinbefore provided, every such person so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such neglect or refusal.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein any penalty in this act mentioned is directed to be recovered before any justice or justices, of the peace, such justice or justices are hereby empowered and enjoined to commit the offender or offenders on conviction to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize until* such penalty or penalties shall be duly paid; and that all penalties not herein directed how they shall be recovered, shall be recovered in the supreipc court of judicature, or in the court of assize of this Island, by actions of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein, as also in all actions or suits brought for penalties hereinbefore expressly directed to. be recovered in the supreme court or courts of excise, no essoign, protection, wager of law, imparlance, or injunction shall be granted or allowed, or non mill ullerius prosequi- be entered.

Passed this Council, 12th December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

W. Bulloch, Clerk of Council.

I Consent, this 19th day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen,

Manchester.

Parsed the Assembly this 2d day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen. James Lezvis, (Speaker.)

Vera copia exten.

W'. Bulloch, Sec.

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. ' r3

N° 4.

SAINT VINCENT.

A BILL for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves, in the Island of Saint Vincent and its Dependencies.

WHEREAS it is expedient that a periodical return of the several negro and other slaves in these Islands should be made from time to time, for the purpose of ascertaining the numbers and identifying the persons of such negro and other slaves, and their progressive increase and decrease : And whei ms such returns will be best accomplished by means of a Public Registry being established for the registration and enrolment of the several negro and other slaves, in manner hereinafter mentioned: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it be enacted, and be it enacted by Your Majesty's Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Island of Saint Vincent and its dependencies; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be established in these Islands a Public Registry for the registration and enrolment, in m. uner hereinafter directed, of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes or others, who now are, or at any time hereafter shall be held in a state of slavery within the said Island and its dependencies, and who shall be respectively registered or returned for registration, as hereinafter directed, on or before the from the passing of this Act.

And be it further enacted, That the secretary of these Islands shall provide the necessary books, strongly and durably bound, for the purpose of the registry and enrolment hereinafter directed; in which books shall be entered and registered, as hereinafter directed, the names and descriptions of all the slaves in these Islands.

And be it further enacted, That on or before the day of

next, every person who shall then be resident in these Islands, and who dull be in possession of any slaves or slave within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator and receiver, lessee, manager or attorney, guardian or committee, or in any other right or character whatever his or her title, trust or interest in any such slaves or slave may be, shall respectively make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered in upon oath to the secretary of these Islands, or his lawful deputy, to be recorded by the said secretary, such schedules, lists and particulars in writing, subscribed by him her or them, and to be called his her or their returns of slaves, as are hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say) A list or schedule in writing containing in the first place his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners, claimant or claimants of such slave or slaves on whose behalf the return is made, and the right or character in which the party making such return holds possession of and claims title to such slave or slaves, namely, whether as proprietor, lessee, mortgagee, sequestrator, guardian, committee, trustee, receiver, executor, administrator, attorney or otherwise, and shall proceed to name, describe and enumerate distinctly therein the several negro, mulatto or other slaves then belonging to or held in possession by him her or them, by lists, to be entitled in manner following; (that is to say) " A list of slaves belonging to or in the possession of /i. Ji." And such lists shall be divided into separate columns or compartments, the one to be entitled, " A general List of Male Slaves belonging to or in the possession of A, B" The other, " A general List of Female Skives belonging to or in the possession of A. JJ." The schedule or paper containing each of the said columns to be subdivided into perpendicular columns of convenient breadths respectively, entitled at the heads thereof, Names, Colour, Employment, Age, and Country; and the more clearly to distinguish the description of each particular slave, as many horizontal lines, with convenient spaces between them, shall be drawn across the said perpendicular lines or columns, as are equal in number to the number of slaves to be inserted in each list; and in the first of the sr *1 olumns shall be inserted the name of each slave, and the name by which each sk^e shall first be returned and registered shall continue forever after to be the uam of such slave, and shall not afterwards be changed; in the second of the said colum shall be inserted, Negro, Mulatto or Mustee, as the case may he, or such designation of intermediate shades of colour (if any) as are in use

338* iu

ST. VINCENT.

[Preamble,

Clause 1st, enacts lliul a Public Registry be established for the registration of all negro and other slaves, to be registered or returned for registration on or before the

Clause «d.

Registry boohs to be provided for the, purpose of the registry.

Clause 3d.

On or before the day of all persons in possession of shnes to return lists or schedules thereof upon oath to the secretary of these Islands within a limited time, with the names, descrip. lion and other particulars of the parties making such returns.

The Schedules to describe the names, colours, employment, age and country of each slave.

24

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

ST. VINCENT \____ _____/

The form of returns more fully prescribed, will) reference to a schedule annexed to this act.

Clause ^.th.

The returns to be delivered to the secretary or his deputy on oath.

Form of oath to he taken.

t lauje 5 th.

The returns to he s festered within u limited time in the hooks ot registry, i \uctly according to the returns. Clause 6th.

No erasures to he permitted ip the registry books.

in these colonics; in the third of the said columns, shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation or ordinary employment of the slave, specifying in the cases of mechanics, artisans or handicraftsmen, the particular act or business in which he or she is usually employed; in the cases of domestic slaves, the particular domestic service or department in which he or she is usually employed; and in cases of ordinary plantation slaves, describing them as labourers only : in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted the age of the slaves, according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the owner or other party making the return; and in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted not only whether the slave is an African or Creole negro, hut, if an African, the name of the country and district of Africa from which he or she was brought, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the party making the return; and if a Creole slave, the name of the Island or Colony in which such slave was born or from which lie or she was brought, according to the best of the knowledge or information and belief of the owner or other party making the return : and at the end of the said returns respectively shall be summed up and set down in words at length the whole number of slaves then belonging to or in the lawful possession of the owner or owners, claimant or claimants on whose behalf such returns are made. And for the better ascertaining of the proper form of such returns of slaves as are hereby required to be made, a form or example of such returns as are hereby required to be made is contained in a schedule to this Act annexed, to which all persons are required, as far as shall be found practicable, to conform.

And be it further enacted, That every person making and subscribing any and every such schedule or return, shall cause the same to be delivered to the secretary, or his lawful deputy, at his office in the said Island, having first made oath, to the purport or effect following, before one of the justices of the peace in these Islands; sqcli optli to be annexed to the said return.

u

I, A.B. [name the deponent,] do solemnly Swear, That the Schedule or Roturn now by me delivered to be recorded, contains, as I verily believe, a just, true, and full return, account and description of all the slaves belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of the owner or owners, claimant or claimants therein named,] and being within these Islands, (save and except as to such slaves as may have absconded or secreted themselves from their owners, &e. as hereafter mentioned, whose names shall be here set forth ;) and that the said Return is made by me, according to the best of my knowledge and " belief; and after having made diligent inquiry, no one of the said slaves has been imported into these Islands contrary to an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade."

"So help me GOD."

And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such returns or schedules as aforesaid shall have been duly made and received by the secretary of these Islands, lie shall proceed to register and copy the same, with all convenient speed, in a fair, distinct and legible hand, in a proper book or set of books to be kept by the said secretai'), precisely conformable with the said returns.

And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any pretence, or for any cause whatsoever, be at any time permitted in any of the said books of registry; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular therein, so that the same sh«ll differ from the name, description, or particulars contained in the schedule or l-'urn from which the same was made, or if any Other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books of registry, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original, word or words legible, and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall cither be interlined or written in the margin, and always when practicable by the same hand as the rest of the same list or entry; and the secretary shall either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any mark of interlineation, subscribe his name at length; but after the registry of original returns of slaves shall lvave been completed and certified upon oath, as hereinafter directed, no interlineation, insertion or other correction of the registry of any such original return, shall on any account be made or permitted, except as hereinafter expressly provided.

And

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

2 5

Clause Sth.

When all the returns are registered, notice thereof to be given, and the means of supplying omissions within a limited time to he therein specified.

And be it further enacted, That an office copy certified by the secretary, of the st. VINCENT.

registered list or schedule of slaves belonging to any plantation, or to any particular owner or owners, shall at any time after the registering thereof, at the request and 7^i>.

charge of the owner or owners thereof, or claimant or claimants, or party or parties , eoistercd^ists or'6 who made the return of such list or schedule, be made and delivered to him, her, or refurns n> be deli-them by the said secretary, and for which they shall be charged no more than at the vered to the owners, rate of for every slave therein named; and all persons

shall have free liberty to inspect the said registry books, in the presence of the secretary or his assistants, for the purpose of ascertaining that the returns and lists of schedules by them and on their behalf delivered have been accurately registered in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the original returns or schedules, which shall have been delivered to the secretary of these Islands pursuant to this order, shall have been entered and registered as aforesaid, the secretary shall give notice thereof forthwith to the governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief of these Islands for the time being, and such governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief shall thereupon publicly notify to the inhabitants of these Islands, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is ready to be verified before him, as far as respects the original registry of slaves, and that the same is and will continue open at the proper office, for the inspection of all persons who have made returns of slaves for insertion therein, or who are desirous of such inspection, for the term of from the date of

such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied of the accuracy of the said registry; and also, that if any owners or possessors of slaves within or belonging to these Islands shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have till that time omitted to return full and proper schedules or lists of their slaves into the said registry, as by this act is required, they must immediately apply to the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, who upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, has power to make an order for the admission and registration or correction of their returns or schedules by the secretary.

And be it further enacted, That if during the term prescribed by the said last-mentioned notification, any owner or possessor, owners or possessors of slaves shall apply to the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, and make it appear to his satisfaction that the nondelivery of his her or their return or returns of slaves to the said secretary, within the term before prescribed, or any default or omission in such return or returns, has arisen from accident or some other cause, which may appear to the said governor lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, as a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the said party, and not from any wilful delay or default, and shall then produce his her or their return or returns, or corrected return or returns, and make oath that no slave therein named has been imported or brought into these Islands within then next preceding, it shall and may be lawful for the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, if he shall think fit, to make an order in writing, by him subscribed and addressed to the said secretary, commanding him to receive and register any such return or returns, or corrected return or returns, as if the same had been delivered in due time: which order the secretary is hereby required to obey, po as every such new or corrected return may be registered in the said books, in manner aforesaid, before the end of the said term of last before mentioned.

Clause gili. Governor may direct returns to be received and registered alter the limited time, in cases of accident or unavoidable impediment, and not from wilful default.

And be it further enacted, That at the end of the said last-mentioned term clause toth. of ‘ the secretary shall proceed finally to close and authenticate The primary or

the primary or original registration of all the slaves in these Islands, which shall originalregistration thenceforth be called the Original Registry of Slaves of the Island of Saint Vincent aiuVen^u'erand'0 and its Dependencies, in manner following (to wit) in each of the said books, or in the closed, last of any set of such books, the said secretary shall write with his own hand, in large legible characters immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves, cither on the same folio or double page, or on the back of the last leaf containing the same — " Here ends the original registry of slaves of the Island of St. Vincent and its Dependencies;" and the said secretary shall thereto subscribe his name and affix his seal of office; and below the said signature shall be written, in like characters by the said secretary, the following affidavit:

338. G " Before

26

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

ST. VINCENT. " Before A.B. [inserting the name and title of the governor, lieutenant

££ governor, or civil commander in chief for the time being'], personally

££ appeared C. X). [naming himself] the secretary of slaves in this Island of " Saint Vincentandits Dependencies, who being sworn on the Holy Evangelists, " makes oath and says, That he the said C. JD. has twice carefully examined ££ and compared all the preceding entries in this book [or, this set of books], " with all the different returns of slaves delivered to him, or to his know-£< ledge and belief, to any deputy, clerk, or assistant by him appointed, first ££ by examining the said entries while his clerk or assistant read the original ££ returns respectively entered therein, and afterwards by examining the said ££ returns while his clerk or assistant read the said entries in the book [or, set <£ of books] respectively made therefrom, and that lie is enabled thereby to £C depose, and does depose that the preceding original registry of slaves of " the Island of St. Vincent and its Dependencies is in all respects correctly ££ and faithfully made."

Which affidavit, being subscribed by the said secretary, shall be sworn before the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, who shall subjoin thereto the following Certificate under his hand and the great seal of these Islands:

<£ I. A.B. [inserting his name and title of office,] do hereby Certify, That ££ the above Affidavit was duly sworn before me, this day of

" one thousand eight hundred and

££ Witness my hand, and the great seal of these Islands, this ££ day of one thousand eight hundred and

" A. i>\" (l. s.)

CluUSC ljtll.

After the expiration of three years from the completion of the original registry, and after each succeeding period of years, returns to be delivered, containing an account of all births and deaths of slaves since the preceding returns;

With an account of all deductions from or additions to the former stock of slaves by other means.

And be it further Enacted, That after the expiration of three years, to be computed from the time when any such original registry shall be completed and authenticated as aforesaid, and after every succeeding period of years

in times to come, on the first day of January in the next following year, or within alter that day, every person resident in these Islands, who shall be in the lawful possession of any slave or slaves within these Islands, whether as proprietor or mortgagee, sequestrator, trustee or receiver, lessee, manager or attorney, committee or guardian, or in any other character, or who shall own or possess any personal slave or slaves whatsoever within these Islands, whatsoever his or her title, trust, or interest in any such slave or slaves may be, shall make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered upon oath to the secretary of these Islands for the time being, an account or schedule in writing, by him or her subscribed, to be called ££ The Return of Slaves," containing a true and particular account of all

births and deaths of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such, return is made, within the . years next preceding, since the said original

or last returns were made, and also an account of all deductions from

or additions to the former stock of slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of such person or persons, within the same period, by other means than deaths or births, whether the same shall have happened by permanent desertion, sale, or other transfer of nroperty, or enfranchisement, or by the return of fugitive or absent slaves, or by any other lawful ways and means whatsoever; which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such last-mentioned returns j and in cases of purchase in other acquisition, or of sale or other transfer, or manumission of slaves formerly registered, the registered name and description of every such newly purchased or acquired, or transferred or manumitted slave, or of his or her former owner or owners, claimant or claimants, shall also be set forth at large in such return; and every such return shall

also contain all such further particulars in respect of every newly acquired slave named therein, as are hereinbefore directed to be contained in the said original returns; and when by the death of the owner or any other cause, there shall have been, within the period to which the return relates, any change of property in and possession of any slave from the owner or owners, such change of property and possession shall also be mentioned in the said returns, and such returns shall also state the whole number of slaves then belonging to or possessed by the person or persons mentioned in such return; but when there has been no alteration since the last return in the number or description of the slaves belonging to or possessed by the person by or for whom the return is made, or the property thereof, it shall be sufficient to state the whole number of slaves, and to add, ££ No alteration required " by law to lie specified has taken place since the last return."

And

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

27

' V f

4,

And be it further enacted, That any person making and subscribing any such ST. VINCENT.

return, shall take the following oath before any one of His Majesty's justices of peace duly qualified in the said Islands : Clause laili.

(< I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, That the contents of the Schedule or Return ed return to be'0'1 " now by me delivered are true, and that the same contains, to the best of delivered 0» oath.

" my knowledge and belief a full, lair and correct account of all the births " and deaths which have happened among the slaves belonging to or possessed by [jhe owner or owners therein named~\> and being within these " Islands since the registration thereof [or, during the last years!,

" and of all other additions to or deductions from the said slaves, within the " same period, and of the whole number of slaves now actually belonging to " or in the lawful possession of the said

"So help me GOD."

And be it further enacted, That if any person who by this Act is directed to Clause 13th. make and deliver a return of the slaves in his or her possession for registration as V®r.scon® 011littingt0 aforesaid, shall emit or neglect so to do, whereby such slave or slaves shall be foiTeit°k.S tlVCSfor omitted to be duly registered in the original or any subsequent registry pursuant each slave unregig-to this Act, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave omitted to tered; one moiety be registered as aforesaid, the sum of pounds of sterling money, to be Majesty, and

0 , , , L c c "l J 1 • the other to the

recovered 111 such manner as any other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered m informer.

these Islands, by any law thereof, the one moiety of such penalty to be to the use

of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of these

Islands, and the other moiety to the person suing for the same; and in case the It- tjle parl so

party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves omitted to be offending be the

registered as aforesaid, in the capacity of mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, mortgagee, or he

manager or attorney, guardian or committee for any other or others, or in auy

other right or character whatever, such person shall not only forfeit for every slave subjecuo the same

omitted to be registered as aforesaid, the like sum of pounds sterling penalty, and liable

money, to be recovered and go in manner hereinbefore stated, but shall moreover to the civil suit of

be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons who shall tliePar|;yao8>'*everf»

, , , J L c an« to the payment

or may sustain tiny damage or injury by such omission as aforesaid, and who, besides of double costs.

full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against the party offending double costs of suit.

And whereas it may happen in some instances, that owners and possessors of Clause 14th. slaves within those Islands, at the time of the said first or original registration, or Omission of returns of some subsequent registration, may, from accident or unavoidable impediment, «navoWabirim°i)c-omit to return the same for registration within the times hereby respectively limited diment, or default for that purpose, or that persons in possession of slaves not their own absolute of persons not the property, may wilfully or negligently make such omission, without the concurrence ^solute owners, to or consent of the absent owners or persons interested in such slaves; Be it there- apidy^VTo the fore enacted, That if any owner or owners, possessor or possessors of slaves Governor, stating within these Islands, shall have omitted to make his her or their returns thereof the facts of the cuse. within the time hereinbefore limited for the said first or original registration, or subsequent registration, within the time in that respect hereinbefore limited; and if such owner or- owners, possessor or possessors, or any other person or persons who at the time of such omission was, or who shall have since become the owner or possessor, whether in his own right or in the right of any other person or persons, of any slave or slaves so omitted to be returned, shall nvy time after making his or their return next after any such omission or delimit, apply to the governor,

lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief of these Islands, and prove to his satisfaction, by sueli credible evidence as from the nature of the case may be reasonably expected and required, that such omission was not wilful, but arose from some specified accident, or other unavoidable impediment, or from the neglect or default of some person or persons other than the true and absolute ownev or owners of the said slave or slaves, or from some other cause, which may to the said governor,

&c. be considered as a satisfactory ground for the complying with the request of the said party, it shall be lawful for such governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, to order that such party or parties so making his her or their return

next after such omission or default to the said secretary, shall be at liberty to insert the names and descriptions, and all other particulars hereinbefore required, of and relating to all and every slave or slaves, the subject of .any such former omission or default; and also in such return such account as is hereinbefore directed, of the births

338. and

28

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

ST. VINCENT.

Clause 15th.

It returns be wilfully returned for registration by the secretary, or if he make any fraudulent entries or erasures, he shall upon conviction forfeit his office, be subject to the pains and penalties of forgery, and be liable to an action for damages by all parties aggrieved.

and deaths, and of all other deductions from and additions to the stock of slaves in respect of which such return is made, which shall have occurred within the preceding years; and such return when duly made and registered, together with the cause of the former omission or default, and the date of the order for supplying the same, which shall be certified and signed by the said secretary on the registry of such return in the proper books, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual lor all the purposes of this Act, as if the matters therein contained had been duly returned and registered at the proper period.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any secretary shall, in the exercise of his said office, wilfully refuse to receive for registration any return, or to make any entry which he ought to receive and make according to the directions herein contained, and the true intent and meaning of this act, or shall knowingly and wilfully, contrary to the said directions and to the true intent and meaning hereof, receive for registration any return, or make or cause or suffer to be made any entry which ought not to be so received or made; or in case any secretary shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in his office, or either of them, or in any of the said accounts or abstracts hereby directed to be made out, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said books of registry, or either of them, the said secretary shall, upon conviction of any such offence, not only be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws in force within these Islands at the time of such offence, to be inflicted on persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall for ever forfeit his said office, and be incapable of ever after holding the same, and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons who shall sustain any damage or injury by any such offence, who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against such secretary double costs of suit; and if any deputy, assistant, or clerk of any secretary shall commit or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof, not only in like manner be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws of these Islands to be inflicted on persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall forfeit such his office or employment, and be incapable of ever after holding the same; and if any other person or persons in these Islands shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the said'books of registry, or either of them, or in the said returns, or shall fraudulently erase,' obliterate or alter, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated or altered any entry which shall have been made in the said books of registry or returns, or either of them, every such person or persons so offending shall, upon conviction, not only be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws of these Islands to be inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall forfeit to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, all his her or their estate, right, title, property and interest in and to any slave or slaves that shall be the subject or subjects of any such false and fraudulent entry, erasure, obliteration or alteration.

Clause 16th. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons making any such

tturn^°aS lav6-' or^na^ or subsequent return of slaves as aforesaid in these Islands, shall falsely persourfioTbeffing- an^ wilfully insert therein any name or names, description or descriptions of any mg to him, except slave or slaves, or pretended slave or slaves as shall be so named and described, doth Tunaway slaves, as not or do not in fact belong at the time of making such return, to him her or them, (except such slaves as are hereinafter mentioned) every such person or persons so offending, shall forfeit for every slave or pretended slave so falsely returned, the sum of pounds, sterling money, to be recovered in such manner as any other

penalty or forfeiture may be recovered in these Islands by any law thereof, the one moiety thereof to the use of His Majesty his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of these Islands, and the other moiety thereof to the use of such person as shall inform, sue and prosecute for the same. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to any such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid*, in respect of any slave or slaves which he or she shall prove to have been at the shall not extend to time of the return actually .employed upon the plantation, or in the service of f ^if d Can ^ie asscl'ted owner or owners, claimant or claimants, to whom the same were repre-

thophntation!orin sented by such return to belong, although he or she shall not be able to prove that the service of the the property in such slave or slaves was-such as was stated in the ruturn, except when owner named in the the

return, except when proved that the return was fraudulently or wilfully false.

Penalties for such offences by other persons.

Deputies, &c. to be subject to the like penalties, and forfeit their office.

All other persons so offendinuto he bubjccl to like pains and penalties, and forfeit to His Majesty all such slaves as shall be the subject of such fraudulent entry.

hereinafter mentioned, to forfeit for each slave f.

Proviso,

That such penalty

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

>9

ST. VINCENT.

Nor to slaves who have absconded from their owners, &c. so as such owners, &c. specify them in the affidavit on making returns, and also set forth the best description of such negroes they can furnish, with a statement of facts which prevent them from complying with the obligations of the act.

the prosecutor shall give evidence beyond the falsification of the return in the point-of property, to'show that the same was fraudulently or wilfully false : Pro-

vided also, That no person shall be liable to any such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid, in respect of any slave or slaves who may have absconded or secreted themselves from the service or employ of their respective owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons entitled to such slave or slaves, or be out of his her-or their controul at the time of making such original or subsequent return of slaves as aforesaid, so nevertheless that such owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons do and shall specify the names of all such slaves in the affidavit hereinbefore mentioned, and shall moreover set forth in such return or returns, the most faithful and accurate description (which under the circumstances of the case can be furnished) of all absent or missing slave or slaves, together with a particular statement of the facts and circumstances which prevent the owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons from complying with the direction hereinbefore contained, and making such return as is hereinbefore required.

And be it further enacted, That the certificate of the secretary of these Islands, Clause 17th. by him subscribed, certifying any copies or extracts from the books in his office, or /i^ge^-ctar^1 to°bc the non-registration of any slave or slaves therein, shall be received in all courts and evidence. by all judges in His Majesty's dominions as sufficient evidence of the authority of such-copy or extract, and a sufficient evidence primci facie of the matters so certified; saving, nevertheless, to the party or parties against whom such evidence is adduced, the right of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the same, by an inspection of and a comparison with the original book or books of registry.

And be it further enacted, That the secretary of these Islands shall be entitled Clause t8ih. to demand and receive the following fees of office and no more, (that is to say) for entitled1 to certain receiving and registering every return of any slave or slaves by him registered, the rees. sum of pounds, current money of these Islands, and the further sum of of like xnoney for every slave named and de-

scribed; in such return; for every search in his registry, the sum of for every certificate by him given and subscribed, the sum and for every copy of, or extract from entries in his registry, the sum of for every one hundred words therein contained.

And be it further enacted, That from and after the final closing and authentication of such original registry as aforesaid, on complaint or information in writing on oath, by any party claiming title to any slave or slaves as owner, mortgager, mortgagee, tenant for life or years, or in remainder, or in reversion or otherwise, or on complaint or information on oath as aforesaid, by any person interested as creditor by judgment or otherwise, or claiming any legal or equitable lien upon or against any slave or slaves, or the owner or owners thereof, that such slave or slaves have been- omitted to be returned for registration by the party or parties to be named and described in such complaint or information in possession of such slave and slaves and on production of a certificate, from the secretary of these Islands (who is hereby required in all such cases, after making due search in his registry, to deliver the same on payment of his requisite fee) to the party or parties requiring any such certificate, that no returns appear in his said registry to have been given in by the party or parties complained of, of any such slave or slaves as shall be by him or them named and described, it shall thereupon be lawful to and for the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief of these Islands for the time being, and he is hereby empowered and directed to nominate and appoint by summary order, some fit and proper person (having due regard to the choice and nomination of the party or parties interested or complaining) to take possession forthwith as receiver of any such slave or slaves as shall be then unregistered, belonging to or in the possession of the person or persons against whom such information or complaint shall be preferred, and also of any plantation or other estate or property in the holding or possession of any such person or persons to which any such unregistered slave or slaves may be attached or belong :• Provided always, that such receiver so appointed as aforesaid, shall in all cases be subject to the future order of the court of chancery, and shall not only enter into such security as is usually taken in cases of receivership, but shall also enter into further security, in to render to the governor, lieutenant

governor or civil commander in chief, a full and accurate return of all such slave or

338- H slaves

Clause 19th.

After closing original registry on party claiming title to slaves, as owner, &c. complaining of such slaves being omitted to be registered, governor to appoint receiver of unregistered slaves, receiver giving security to return lists thereof.

30

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

Governor to take prompt measures for the execution of his order.

Magistrates and others to be aiding therein under penalty of

Clause 20lh. Receiver on taking possession to return lists of slaves to the governor to be registered, subject to a penalty for each slave omitted.

Clause 2isi.

After any

slave not duly registered to be forfeited to His Majesty.

ST. VINCENT.

slaves of which he shall so take possession within after obtaining possession; and the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief shall adopt all such measures as to him shall seem expedient and necessary for effectually enforcing the due and prompt execution of any such order; and all and every justice or justices of the peace acting in and for the district wherein such order is to be executed, and all and every other His Majesty's subjects, shall be aiding and assisting therein, when directed for that purpose by any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, under and subject to a penalty of

And be it further enacted, That every such receiver so appointed as aforesaid, shall within next after obtaining possession of any such

slave or slaves, render to the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, a like full and accurate return thereof as is hereinbefore required, for the purpose of registration, subject to a penalty of for

every slave who shall be omitted therein; and which return he, the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief shall direct and authorize the secretary of these Islands to register and enrol in the registry books for slaves accordingly.

And be it further enacted, That from and after the any slave or slaves not duly registered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for non-registration by any of His Majesty's subjects, and the same shall be condemned as forfeited to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the use of the government of these Islands, for the purpose of divesting and barring all such property, right, title and interest whatever which before existed, or might afterwards be set up or claimed in or to such slave or slaves so prosecuted and condemned; and the attorney general of these Islands for the time being shall at the instance of every such person or persons, and on production of the certificates of the secretary of these Islands of the non-registration of any such slave or slaves, order and direct the clerk of the supreme court to proceed to inquiry, &c.

(N.B. Apply the directions and proceedings of the 9th Geo. III. cap. 9th, to this Act.)

And be it further enacted, That on such inquiry being proceeded in as aforesaid, the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief for the time being of these Islands, shall make such orders and regulations as to him shall seem meet and expedient for the safe custody, disposal, employment, and support of any such slave or slaves so prosecuted for non-registration under the authority of this Act, until final judgment therein shall be given.

And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be finally condemned to His Majesty's use as aforesaid, under the authority of this Act, there shall be paid by the receiver general of these Islands, or his lawful deputy, to such person or persons as shall give information of the non-registration of such slave or slaves as aforesaid, so as to lead to the forfeiture of any such slave or slaves, a bounty not exceeding pounds current money of these

Islands, for every able-bodied slave not exceeding years old, that

shall be so condemned as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons whomsoever shall be guilty of any false and wilful forswearing in taking any oath under the proceedings of this Act, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person to take any such oath fiilsely, he or she being thereof duly convicted, shall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all such persons as shall commit wilful perjury, or shall procure and suborn any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury.

And be it further enacted, that all negroes or persons of colour arriving in these Islands, shall in addition to the regulations imposed by the Alien Act, report themselves to the registrar within twenty-four hours after their arrival, and produce elands to produce a their freedom, signed by the governor, or commander in chief for the time freedom, or deemed being of some other colony, and in default thereof they shall be deemed runaway slaves, and shall be proceeded against according to the law in that case made and provided.

Clause -2id. Government to make order for safe custody, &c. of negroes until final judgment.

Clause 23d. Bounty per head £. for every able-bodied slave not above years old.

Clause 24th. Persons herein swearing falsely guilty of perjury.

Clause 25th. Negroes and coloured persons coming from other

runaways.

TO THE TREATMENT OP SLAVES.

31-

SCHEDULE.

A LIST of SLAVES belonging to (or in the lawful Possession of) A. B.

ST. VINCENT.

LIST of Male SLAVES belonging to (or in the Possession of) A.B.

NAMES. Colour. Employment. Age. Country.

LIST of Female SLAVES belonging to (or in the Possession of) A. B.

NAMES. Colour. Employment. Age. Country.

a

<c

The whole number of Slaves belonging to (or in the lawful. Possession " of) A.B. is

" (A true Return)

" A. B."

day of one thousand eight hundred and ."

N° 5.

ANTIGUA.

An ACT for establishing a Registry of Slaves in the Island of Antigua. ANTIG

WHEREAS the inhabitants of Your Majesty's colonies in the West Indies, are v accused of holding free persons in slavery; and it is a/prevailing opinion in the mother country, that the restoration of peace has afforded an increased facility of evading the laws at present in force for the abolition of the slave .trade: And whereas a periodical registration of the slave population, in a precise and definite form, may tend more effectually to prevent the illicit introduction of slaves, and bar all possibility of encroachment on the rights of freedom; Jv'fay it therefore pfe^e Your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by Yo,ur Majesty's Governor in chief in mid over your Islands of Antigua, Montserrat, and Barbuda, and Your Majesty's Council and Assembly of this your Island of Antigua, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the publication of this Act, there shall be established and kept in the*town of Saint John, in the said Island, an office of public registry for the registration of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes, or other persons, who now are, or shall or may be at any time hereafter held in a state of slavery within the said Island, and who shall be respectively returned for registration as hereinafter directed and required;

v ANTIGUA.

32 ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

and that it shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty, his heirs and successors, or for the governor or commander in chief of the Islands of Antigua, Montserrat, and Barbuda, for the time being, by 'letters" patent under the great seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of the said government, to appoint from time to time, and at all times hereafter, a fit and proper person to discharge the duties annexed to the said office; and that any and every such registrar so appointed, shall reside within the said Island, and not be at liberty to depart from thence under pain of forfeiting his said office, without having previously obtained a license or permission for that purpose from the said governor or commander in chief for the time being.

2d. And be it further enacted, That on or before the first day of October now next ensuing, every person who shall be there resident in the said Island, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, either as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney, executor or guardian, or in any other right, capacity or character whatsoever, shall make and deliver, or cause to be delivered to the registrar, at his office in the said Island, such a list or particular in writing, subscribed by hiin or her as is hereinafter mentioned and defined, that is to say, a list or particular entitled, " An original Return of Slaves," which shall be divided into five perpendicular columns of convenient breadth, and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name and description of the person making the return, and the name and description of the person or persons on whose behalf the return is made, and the right, capacity, or character in which he or she holds possession of or claims title to the slave or slaves returned, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney, executor or guardian, or otherwise; in the second of the said columns shall be inserted the name or names by which each slave is most generally or familiarly called or known, (and the name or names by which each slave shall first be returned and registered, shall continue in any and every subsequent return to be the name or names of such slave.) In the third of the said columns shall be inserted the sex of each slave; in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted " Black, or Coloured," including under the term Coloured, all who are not black; and in the fifth of the said columns, shall be inserted the reputed age of each slave; and at the end of such list or particular shall be set down in words at length the total number of slaves returned; and for the better preserving a becoming uniformity in the said lists or particulars hereby required to be made, an appropriate form or exemplar thereof, is comprised in a schedule to this Act annexed, marked with the letter (A.) and which all persons are enjoined as closely as possible to imitate.

3d. And be it further enacted, That every such original return shall be verified or supported by an affidavit (or if the party making the same be a quaker, by an affirmation) thereunto annexed, sworn (or affirmed,) before one of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the said Island, and to the purport and effect following:

"I, A.B. [naming the deponent or affirmant] do Swear, [or, solemnly Affirm]

" That the Return now by me delivered to be registered, contains, to the best " of my knowledge and belief, a true, faithful, and accurate account and " description of all the Slaves belonging to me [or, in the lawful possession " of the owner or claimant therein named] and being within this Island " (save and except as to such slaves as may have absconded as hereinafter " mentioned, whose names shall be here set forth:) And I do further Swear,

" [or, solemnly Affirm] That no one of the said slaves has been to my " knowledge imported into this Island, contrary to the existing laws for " abolishing the slave trade.

'So help me GOD."

4th. And be it further enacted, That after the said original returns shall have been duly made and delivered to the registrar as aforesaid, he shall proceed with all convenient dispatch to cause the same to be literally transcribed and recorded, in a fair and legible hand, in a book or set of books, strongly and durably bound, to be provided and kept exclusively for that purpose.

5th. And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any account or pretence whatsoever be made in any of the said books of registry; but if any clerical or other error shall be committed, in inserting any name, description, or other particular therein, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words so improperly insei ted, without effacing the same, and the correction thereof, by introducing or

TO Til

ij X itx.

TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

33

substituting any other word or words, or otherwise, as the case may he, shall be either interlined or noted hi the margin (and always, when practicable, in the same hand in which the return so connected shall have been enrolled,) and the registrar shall, cither under such word or words, so noted in the margin, or under a mark of inference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length; but after the registry of original returns of slaves shall have been completed and certified upon oath as hereinafter prescribed, no interlineation, alteration, or correction shall on any account he made or permitted to be made therein. N

6th. And be it further enacted, That all persons shall at all times between the hours of nine and three in the day (Sundays excepted) upon tender of the fees hereinafter mentioned, have free access to, and full liberty to inspect all and every or any of the said register books, and bo entitled to call for and receive an office copy or copies of any and every registered return and certificates of the new registration of slaves.

7th. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said original returns •delivered to the registrar agreeably to the provisions of this Act, shall have been respectively entered and enrolled as aforesaid, the registrar shall forthwith give notice-thereof to the governor or commander in chief of the said Island for the time being; and such governor or commander in chief for the time being shall thereupon publicly notify to the inhabitants, in such manner as be shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is ready to be verified before him, and that the same is and will continue open at the proper office for the space of thirty days, for the inspection of all persons who may be interested therein.

8th. And be it further enacted, That if at any time within the term prescribed by the said notification any owner or possessor of slaves shall make it appear to the said governor or commander in chief'for the time being, that the new delivery of his or her return to the registrar within the allotted period, or any error or omission therein has arisen from accident, insurmountable impediment, or any other sufficient cause, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor or commander in chief for the time being, to make an order in writing by him subscribed, and addressed to the registrar, commanding him to receive and enrol any such return rectified return as if the same had been made and delivered to him in proper time; which order the registrar 'is hereby enjoined to obey.

9th* And be it further enacted, That the registrar shall at the end or expiration •of the said last-mentioned term of thirty days, proceed finally to close and authenticate the said original registry, which shall thenceforth be entitled, " The Original Registry of Slaves of the Island of Antigua," in manner following, to wit: The .registrar shall subscribe his name and affix his seal of office immediately under the last entry in the book, or last of the set of books in which the said returns shall have been enrolled, and subjoin an affidavit to the following effect:

- " Before A.B. [inserting the name and title of the governor, or commander in " chief for the lime being f] personally appeared C.D. [naming himself ] the " registrar of slaves in and for the said Island of Antigua, and made oath that he has carefully and minutely examined and compared all the foregoing entries in this book, [or set of books,] with all the different returns of slaves delivered to him, or to- his knowledge or belief to any clerk or assistant by him appointed or employed; and that the preceding original registry of slaves of the Island of Antigua is in all respects truly, correctly, and faithfully made."

U

ii

Which said affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said governor or commander in chief for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto a certificate under his hand and the great seal of his government, to the following effect:

"I, A.B. [inserting his name and title of office,"] do hereby certify that the " above Affidavit was this day duly sworn before me. Witness my hand and " the great seal of my government, this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and

" A. JB." (l. s.)

10th. And be it further enacted, That at the end or expiration of the period of three years, to commence and be computed from the time of closing and authenticating such original registry as aforesaid, and at the end or expiration of every succeeding period of three years, thenceforward every person resident in the said 'Island who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, either as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney, executor or 338. I guardian

ANTIGUA.

34

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

ANTIGUA.

guardian, or in any other right, capacity or character whatsoever, shall make and deliver, or cause to be delivered to the registrar at his office in the said Island, such a list or particular in writing subscribed by him or her, as ishereinfter mentioned and defined, that is to say, a list or particular, entitled " A Triennial Return of Slaves," which shall be divided into eight perpendicular columns of convenient breadth, and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name and description of the person making the return, and the name and description of the person or persons on whose behalf the return is made, and the right, capacity, or character in which he or she holds possession of or claims title to the slave or slaves returned, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney, executor, or guardian or otherwise; in the second of the said columns shall be inserted the name or names by which each slave is most generally or familiarly called or known; in the third of the said columns shall be inserted the sex of each slave; in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted a specification of the colour of each slave, in the same manner as hereinbefore directed; in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted the reputed age of each slave; in the sixth of the said columns shall be inserted the number of the slaves named and described by the owner or possessor in his or her last preceding return; in the seventh of the said columns shall be inserted a particular detail of any additions which may have been made to the number of slaves who belonged to, or were in the possession of the person making the return at the last preceding period of registration, whether the same shall have happened by, or have been owing to birth, purchase, the apprehension, or voluntary return of fugitives, or any other lawful acquisition or means of increase, and the name or names of the slave or slaves so born, purchased, apprehended or voluntarily returned to service, or otherwise lawfully acquired, shall also be set forth at length in such column; and in case of acquisition of any slave or slaves by other legal means, except by birth or the recovery of fugitive slaves, the name of the person from whom such slave or slaves may have been acquired, whether by purchase, lease, devise, or inheritance, or any other legal means, shall be also inserted; and in the eighth of the said columns shall be inserted a particular detail of any deductions which may have been made from the number of slaves who belonged to, or were in the possession of the person making the return at the last preceding period of registration, whether the same shall have happened by, or have been owing to death, sale, or other transfer of property, permanent desertion, manumission, 0)' other cause of decrease, and the name or names of the slave or slaves so dead, sold, or otherwise transferred, permanently deserted, manumitted or otherwise •defalcated, shall also be set forth at length in such column, and at the end of such list or particular shall be set down in words at length the total number of the slaves therein returned, and of the added or deducted slaves therein described; and for the better preserving a becoming uniformity in the said lists or particulars an -appropriate form or exemplar thereof is comprised in a schedule to this act annexed, marked with the letter (B.) and which all persons are enjoined as closely as possible to imitate.

11. And be it further enacted, That every such triennial return .shall be verified or supported by an affidavit (or if the party making the same bo a quaker, by an affirmation) thereunto annexed, sworn or affirmed before one-of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the said Island, and to the purport and effect following:

" I, y], B. [naming ike deponent or q(]trmani[} do Swear, [or, solemnly Affirm3 u That the return now by me delivered to be registered, contains to the " best of my knowledge and belief a true, faithful and accurate account and " description of all the slaves belonging to me [or, in the lawful possession of the owner' or claimant therein named] and being within " this Island (save and except as to such slaves as may have absconded " as hereinafter mentioned, whose names shall be here set forth,) as also a " true, faithful and accurate account of such additions to or deductions from the stock of slaves possessed by me [or, returned as the property of " G. X).) at the time of making the last preceding return, as have since " happened, together with the particular cause or causes of such addition or " deductions: And I do further Swear [or, solemnly Affirm, That no one of " the said slaves has been to my knowledge imported into this Island contrary to the existing laws for abolishing the slave trade.

"So help me GOD."

12. And be it further enacted, That the said triennial returns shall be registered m the same manner and form, and under the same rules, regulations, provisoes, and restrictions in every respect and particular as are hereinbefore prescribed, provided and reserved, for or touching the registration of the original returns hereinbefore

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

33

ANTIGUA.

directed to be made; and the registers thereof shall be made up, closed, and authenticated in the same manner and form and within the same space of time hereinbefore prescribed and appointed for making up, closing and authenticating the original registry.

And be it further enacted, That the register shall with all convenient speed after the final close of any and every registry which shall be made in pursuance of this act, duly, regularly and punctually transmit or cause to be transmitted to the office of His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England, a book or set of books similar to that or those in which the original records shall be kept, containing a true and faithful duplicate or transcript of any and every such registry, verified before and certified by the governor or commander in chief for the time being under his hand and the great seal of his government.

14. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall neglect or omit to makc and deliver a schedule or return of the slaves in his or her possession, pursuant to the directions and requisitions of this Act, within the period allotted for the enrolment in the original or any triennial registry, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave so neglected or omitted to be returned the sum of two hundred pounds of current gold and silver money of the said Island, to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned, the one moiety of such penalty to be for the use of His Majesty his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall sue for the same; and in case the party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves so neglected or omitted to be returned for registration as aforesaid, in the capacity or character of mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney, executor or guardian, or other representative of any other person or persons, he or she shall not only forfeit for every slave so neglected or omitted to be returned the sum of two hundred pounds of money aforesaid, to be recovered and accrue in manner above stated, but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person, and persons who shall or may sustain any damage or injury by any such neglect-or omission, and who shall, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, be entitled to recover against the party so offending treble costs of suit: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to any penalty as aforesaid for or in respect of ajty slave or slaves who may have absconded, or have been out of his or her controul .at the time of making such original or subsequent return as aforesaid, so that such person do and shall specify the name or names of such slave or slaves in the affidavit hereinbefore required to be annexed to the respective schedules or returns.

15. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the governor or commander in chief for the time being that any slave or slaves has or have been omitted to be returned for registration in the original registry, or any triennial registry hereinbefore directed to be made, -without any actual neglect or wilful default of the owner or possessor, or owners or possessors thereof, or that any slave or slaves, although duly returned for registration, has or have been omitted from the registry through the negligence, inadvertency or oversight •of the registrar, his clerks or assistants, then and in either of such cases or events it shall and may be lawful for the said governor or commander in chief for the time .being, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit any penalty or penalties which may have been so incurred by reason of any such omission or default.

16th. And be it further enacted, That every slave who shall not be duly registered according to the provisions and requisitions of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for non-registration by any of his Majesty's subjects, and shall be condemned as •forfeited to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, unless the person claiming title thereto shall establish by positive or strong presumptive proof, that such slave has not been imported into the said Island contrary to the laws in force for the abolition of the slave trade, and His Majesty's attorney or solicitor general of the said Island shall at the instance of any and every person who shall produce a certificate from the registrar of the non-registration of any slave, make and file an information against- the same in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the said Island; and every person so prosecuting for non-registration, shall be entitled to full costs of suit against the party omitting to make a return of any such unregistered slave, even though the same shall not have been confiscated as aforesaid.

17. And be it further enacted, That if any registrar of slaves shall in the exercise of his office willfuly refuse to receive for registration any return which he ought to receive, or to make any entry which he ought to make, or to do any other act which

he

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

ANTinr.v. lie ought to do, according to the directions herein contained, he shall be liable to the-

civil suits or actions of all and every persons and person who shall sustain any injury

or damage -by any such refusal j and if any such registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suiter to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in office, or either or them, or in any of the said duplicates, transcripts or abstracts herein directed to be made out, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, any return or entry which shall have been duly made and recorded in the said books of registry, or either of them, he shall, upon conviction of any such offence, be liable to such pains and penalties as are by the laws of Great Britain inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every persons and person who shall sustain any injury or damage by any such offence; and who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against such registrar treble-costs of suit; and if any assistant or clerk of any such registrar, or any other person whatsoever in the said Island, shall commit or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof, be liable to such pains and penalties as are by the laws of Great Britain inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records.

18. And be it further enacted, That to the intent that all persons may be duly apprised of the approach of the period appointed for the triennial registration of •slaves by virtue of this Act, the said period shall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, for and during the space of thirty days before the same shall arrive, be, together with a form of the schedule hereunto annexed, duly and regularly notified or advertised by the registrar in all the public prints or newspapers published or edited within the said Island.

19. And be it further enacted, That the several penalties hereby imposed, the recovery whereof is not already provided for, shall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, plaint or information commenced in the court of common pleas of this Island; one half of which penalties shall go to the informer, or him, her, or them who shall sue for the same, and the other moiety to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island and the contingent charges thereof.

20. And be it further enacted, That the certificate of any and every registrar of slaves appointed in pursuance of this Act by him subscribed, certifying any copy or extract from the books in his office, or the non-registration of any slave or slaves therein,-shall be received in all courts, and by all judges, magistrates and other persons in authority in the said Island, as sufficient evidence of the truth or authenticity of such copy' or extract, and as sufficient primi facie evidence of the matters so certified, reserving nevertheless to the party or parties against whom any such certificate shall be adduced in proof, the right or privilege of contradicting, impeaching or correcting the same by-comparison with the original book or books of registry.

21. And be it further enacted, That the registrar of slaves shall be entitled to have and receive annually the sum of four hundred pounds, current gold and silver money, to be paid him out of the public treasury by four even quarterly payments; and the said registrar shall be likewise entitled to demand and receive the further sum of three-pence for every slave named in any certified copy of registered returns which may be required of him, and for every search in his registry the sum of two shillings and three-pence, and for every ordinary certificate by him given and subscribed, the sum of nine shillings.

22. And be it further enacted, That in case any person whosoever shalkwilfully forswear in taking any oath by this act required to be taken, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person so to do, he or she, being duly convicted thereof, shall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury.

Dated at Antigua the eighteenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of our sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith.

(Signed) Nicholas Nugent, Speaker.

Passed the Council the-eighteenth day of March one thousand eight hundred And seventeen.

By Command, Sam. Bridges, Dep. Clerk of the Council.

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

37

i

Passed the Assembly the eighteenth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) Nathaniel Humphreys, Clerk of Assembly.

Duly published this eighteenth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) John Roberts, Depy Pro. Marshal,

ANTIGUA.

(A.)

Original Return of SLAVES.

Name and Description of Person malting the Return, &c. SLAVES in Possession.

f Names* Sex. Colour. A Reputed Age.

A.B. Proprietor - A.B. - - Male - - Black - - Thirty-five.

C.D. Attorney of E. F. Proprietor C.D. - - - - Female - - Coloured -' Twenty.

(Signed) A.B. day of one thousand eight hundred and

(B.)

Triennial Return of Slaves.

Name nml Desaripliou of Person mnking the Return. SLAVES in Possession. Number of Slaves last returned, Increase. Decrease}

f Name.' Sex. Colour. s Reputed Age.

A.B. Proprietor - - C. I). (Attorney of\ E, F. Proprietor) J A.B. C.D. Male Female Black Coloured Thirty-five Twenty One1 hundred and -fifty. I by birth, A. a by purchase, B. C. a by death, D. E. 1 by saic, F. 1 by manumission, G.

4 f ll If ' h S SI Total.

(Signed) A. B.

day of one thousand eight hundred and

338.

TOBAGO.

[Preamble.]

Clause ist.

Public registry of slaves established in this Island.

Clause -2d,

33 ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS DELATING

N° 6.

TOBAGO.

An ACT to establish a Public Registry of all Slaves in the Colony of Tobago.

WHEREAS by various Acts now in force within this Colony, annual returns of the number of negro and other slaves are required, but which returns are not found to designate sufficiently the age and sex : And whereas it is expedient that more particular and distinct accounts be in future returned, as well for the purpose of ascertaining the various descriptions of slaves, as to detect and prevent all clandestine and illegal importations thereof, should such be at any time attempted, and also to afford His Majesty's government at all times a true account of the extent and nature of the slave population of this Island: We, therefore, His Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, his excellency Sir Frederick Phillips Robinson, knight, commander of the most honourable Order of the Bath, major general of His Majesty's forces, captain general and governor iii chief in and over the Island of Tobago and its dependencies, the Council and General Assembly of the said Island of Tobago, do humbly pray His Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be established in this Colony a public registry for the registration and inrolment, in manner hereinafter directed, of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes and mustees, who now arc, or who at any time hereafter shall be held in a state of shivery within this Colony j and such registry shall be established and opened, and all slaves shall be registered or returned for registration as hereinafter directed, on or before the thirty-first day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

* And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, to appoint by commission under his sign manual, some fit and proper person resident in this Island, to be registrar of slaves 'therein, and such registrar shall he personally resident therein, while he shall continue to hold his said office, except from ill health or other necessary cause, bis temporary absence from this Island shall be permitted by the governor and commander in chief for the time being; and if the said registrar shall be at any time absent from this Island without such licence or permission as aforesaid, lie shall absolutely forfeit his office .j and in case of the death or absence without leave, or incapacity of the said registrar, or any avoidance of the said office, anew registrar shall in like manner be appointed by the governor or commander in chief for the time being; and the said registrar, before ho enters into the execution of his said office, shall take and subscribe the following oath before the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the time being in council.

I, A. I), do solemnly Promise and Swear, That I will not willingly or knowingly make or permit, or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry, erasure or obliteration in the registry of slaves to be committed to my charge; but if any such false or fraudulent net sh:dl become known to me, " I will immediately give notice thereof to the governor, lieutenant governor, " or civil commander in chief of this Island "for the time being, and the chairman of the committee of public accounts, and will in. all respects .ithfully and uprightly perform the duties of the office of registrar of

slaves for this colony.

"So help me GOD."

And every person so appointed to the said situation of public treasurer and registrar, shall also, before lie enters in the execution of the said office of registrar, become bound by bond or recognizance to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, with two good and sufficient sureties,1 which shall be approved of by the governor or commander in chief for the time being, and the council and general assembly, in the manner prescribed.

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

39

scribed in the second clause of the -act, commonly called " The Treasurer’s Act," TOBAGO.

before mentioned, himself in the penal sum of one thousand pounds sterling money '

•of Great Britain, and his sureties each in the sum of five hundred pounds sterling money of Great Britain, with conditions for the faithful performance by him the said registrar of all the duties of his said office.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the house or clause 3d. office used or occupied for the transaction of public business by the public treasurer Treasurer's office for the time being, if he be the registrar of slaves of this Colony, shall be the sole ,0 *?e the °P‘ce 01 place appointed for the registry hereby appointed to be established, and wherein the faifuns^reoir ^'1 books and papers belonging thereto shall be at all times safely kept, and the registrar’s office shall always be kept in the town of Scarborough; and that the books kept and to be kept by the registrar, and all papers relating to the said office, shall belong to the public; and that the office of the said registrar shall be open for the transaction of public business therein, in the like manner and for the same period as the office of the treasurer is now appointed to be kept open.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said regis- Clause 4th. trar shall forthwith after his appointment, provide at the public expense a seal of Register books to office, two large blank paper books or sets of books, strongly and durably bound, for il* t,1(i

the purpose of the registry and inrolment hereinafter directed, one of which books ‘c c'xl>cruu shall be entitled " Registry of Plantation Slaves," and 011 the other, " Registry of unattached Slaves 5" in which said first-mentionedbook or set of books shall be entered and registered, as hereinafter directed, the names and descriptions of all the slaves which belong to and are usually worked upon any particular plantation or plantations in this Colony; and in the other of which said books or set of books shall be inserted and registered, in like manner, the names and descriptions of all slaves which belong to and are usually worked or employed in domestic labour or service, or in any handicraft, art or trade within this Colony, or in managing and navigating any vessels or boats belonging to the ports of the same, or which are let or hired by their owners for the purposes of agricultural labour, commonly called task-work, or jobbers on plantations, not belonging to the owners of such slaves, and in general of all slaves within or belonging to this Colony, which are not attached to any particular plantation or plantations, and therewith owned, held, used and possessed; all which several •descriptions of slaves shall, for the purposes of this Act, he distinguished from plantation slaves, by the general name of unattached slaves.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the thirty-first day of January in the year of our Lord 011c thousand eight hundred and eighteen, every owner, renter or possessor of any slave or slaves, (or in the event of being absent from this Island, then the acting attorney, manager or other representative of such owner, renter or possessor of any slave or slaves, either belonging to or usually worked upon, or employed upon, or attached to any plantation or plantations within this Island, or who shall own, rent or possess any unattached slave or slaves whatsoever in this Island, whatever his, her or their title or interest may be to or in the said slave or slaves, plantation or plantations.) shall respectively make and deliver upon oath to the registrar so appointed, such schedules, lists and particulars in writing, subscribed by him, her or them, to be called his, her or their original return of;slaves as hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, every person in possession of any plantation or plantations as aforesaid, shall so make and return a schedule or list in writing for each plantation of which he, she or they shall then be in possession of, specifying, in the first place, the name by which the plantation is usually called or known; and when two or more plantations are held and occupied together by the same person, and cultivated by the same body of slaves, the name of each of the said plantations so jointly held and cultivated, and in what quarter, parish or other division of this Island,* every such plantation is situated; and every person making a return of any slave or slaves not attached or belonging to, or usually worked or employed upon any plantation or plantations in this Island, hereby called unattached slaves, shall so return a list or schedule in writing, containing, in the first place, his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such person or persons on whose behalf the return is made; and after such descriptions, the parties making the said returns, shall proceed to name, describe and enumerate distinct.lv therein, the several negro, mulatto or other slaves, by distinct lists, in maimer following, that is to say, the schedule or paper containing the said returns, shall he divided into six .perpendicular columns of convenient breadth respectively, entitled at the head thereof',

Clause 5th.

All persons in possession of slaves to rclum lists or schedules thereof upon oath to the registrar within a limited lime, with their names, descriptions, and other particulars.

" Names

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

TOBAGO.

Clause 6th.

The returns to lie personally delivered by the persons making the same to the registrar.

Clause 7th.

'1 In* return to be rvin-tcrrd within a limited time.

Game 3th. Helurruiori'Chedules to he entered m the hoi'1,.5 ut registry in a plumbed iii.in-i rr and form.

40

" Names of Males, Names of Females, Colour, Age, Country, and usual Employment;’7 and the more clearly to distinguish the description of each particular slave, as many horizontal lines, with convenient spaces between them, shall be drawn across the said perpendicular lines or columns as are equal in number to the number of slaves to be inserted in each list; and in the first of the said columns shall he inserted the names of each male slave; and in the second of the said columns, the names of each female slave; and the name by which each slave shall be first returned or registered, shall continue ever after to be the name of each slave, and shall not afterwards he changed; in the third of the said columns shall be inserted " Negro, Mulatto, or Mustee," as the case may be; in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted the age of the slayes, according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the party making the return; in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted whether the slave is an African or Creole negro; and in the sixth of the said columns shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation or ordinary employment of the said slave; and at the end of the said returns respectively, shall be summed up, and set down in words at length, the whole number of slaves, distinguishing males and females, then belonging of attached to or usually worked and employed upon the plantation or plantations of the unattached slaves so returned for registration. And for the better ascertaining of the proper form of such original returns of the slaves as are hereby required to be made, so that no person may pretend ignorance thereof, a form or example of such original returns is contained in a schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) to which all persons are hereby required (so far as shall be found practicable) to conform; and public notice shall be given by the registrar, in such manner as to him shall seem most fit and effectual, that a form and pattern of the returns hereby required to be made, may be seen, and a printed copy thereof, with blanks to be filled up, •according to the rules aforesaid, obtained at the registrar’s office appointed as aforesaid; and printed blank copies of the said forms shall accordingly be provided at the public expense, by the registrar, and delivered gratis -to all persons applying for the same.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person making and subscribing any and every such schedule or return, shall personally deliver the same to the said registrar, and shall at the same time take the following* oath, which the said registrar is hereby empowered and required to administer; that is to say,

"I, A.B. [naming the deponent] solemnly Swear, That the Schedule or Return " now by me delivered to be registered contains, as I verily believe, a just, true " and full return, account, and description of all the Slaves now attached or " belonging to or usually worked or employed upon the Plantation herein " named [or, belonging to the owner or owners therein named] or now in my " possession, by whatever title or interest; and that the said Return is made " by me, according to the best of my knowledge and belief, truly and without " fraud, deceit or evasion.

So help me GOD.*

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as any such returns or schedules as aforesaid shall have been dtdy made and received by the registrar, lie shall proceed to register the same in manner hereinafter mentioned and directed, with all convenient speed; and if possible the registrations of all returns that shall have been duly made shall be completed within the term of six months.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within the said term hereinbefore limited, unless extended by an order of the governor, lieutenant governor or commander in chief in council, or within such further time as shall be granted by any such order, every return or schedule that shall have been* duly made and delivered to the registrar of this Island, shall, by him, his clerks or assistants, Fc entered and copied in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a proper book or set of books, to be by the said registrar appointed lor the registry and enrolment of slaves as aforesaid; that is to say, every such return or schedule of, attached or belonging to, or usually worked or employed upon any plantation or plantations, in the book or books to be intituled " Registry of Plantation Slaves;" and every such other return or schedule in the books or book to be intituled <c Registry of unattached Slaves*," the former under the name of the plantation, and the latter under the name of the owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors mentioned in the return; which name or names of such plantation, owner or owners,

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

41

renter or renters, possessor or possessors, shall be written on the top of the first page containing the return; that every page of each of the said books shall be divided by perpendicular lines into six different columns, of such breadth, and by horizontal lines into spaces of such dimensions as will most conveniently contain the various particulars hereinbefore directed to be returned in the schedules or lists of slaves; leaving on the top of each page a space for the name of the particular plantation, or owner, renter or possessor, whose slaves are registered therein, which name shall be always there written in large and distinct letteis; and at the top of the said six 'columns shall be written " Names of Males, Names of Females, Colour, Age, Country, Usual Employment;" and at the end of the registry of each original return, shall be summed up and written in words at length, the whole number of slaves returned and registered as belonging to the plantation, or unattached, or usually worked or employed therein or belonging to or possessed by the owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors mentioned in such return; and the pages of each book shall be distinctly numbered at the top of each page from the beginning to the ending of each book respectively, before any entry shall be made therein; and at the bottom of each page containing any registry of slaves, as well as at the end of the registry of each original return, the registrar shall subscribe his name at length, in testimony of the fidelity and accuracy of the entries therein contained.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the said books or sets of books respectively shall be filled with entries made therein, so that there shall not remain room for the future annual entries hereinafter required to be made in the said registry, then, and not before, a new book of' like form and size shall be opened, but the pages respectively shall be numbered by a continuation of the same scries of numbers from the preceding book in which such entries are made.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a convenient number of leaves shall be left in the beginning of each of the said books respectively, for an index of the names of plantations, and the owners, renters, and possessors of slaves registered therein, in which index shall be inserted in alphabetical divisions progressively, at the time of entering and registering every return, the name or names of

. t o o p •'

the plantation for which, or of the owner, renter or possessor by or lor whom such return is made, with proper references to the page or pages, hook or books in which such return is registered, and in which it shall be a

TOBAGO.

Clause 9II1.

When the bonk1' arc* filled new books to be opened, and In wlut uuuni*n.

Clause loth. Indexes of plantations or owneis mimes to be pie-fixed to each book

afterwards continued.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no erasure shall on Clause mb

from the name, description or particulars contained in the schedule or return from which the same was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books of registry, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or worus legible, and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall cither bo interlined or written in the margin, and always when practicable by the same hand as the rest, of the same list or entry; and the registrar shall either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length; hut after the registry of the original returns, of slaves shall have been completed and certified upon oath as hereinafter directed, no interlineation, insertion, or other correction of the registry of any such original return, shall on any account be made or permitted, except as is herein expressly provided.

Anil be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 011c office copy Clause l'iUi. certified by the registrar of the registered list or schedule of slaves belonging °^ie

or attached to or usually worked or employed upon any plantation or plantations, or Mum's'm to any particular owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, shall vered to the owners, within six months after the registering thereof be prepared and delivered to the owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, or to the parties who made the return of such list or schedule, by the said registrar, on him, or She or they .applying for the same; and all persons by, for, or on whose behlilf or account any list -or schedule, or original or annual return shall have been made,

338. L shall

42

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

TOBAGO.

Clause 13th. Governor may direct to be received and registered after the limited time in certain cases.

Clause 14II1.

The primary or original registration of slaves how to be authenticated and closed.

shall have free liberty to inspect the said gistvar or his assistants, for the purpose of schedules by or for them, or on their behalf in manner aforesaid; but if move than one be required, that the said further office or for by the party or parties, whosoever they after the rate hereinafter directed.

registry books in the presence of the re-ascertaining that the returns and lists or delivered, have been accurately registered office or certified copy as above mentioned certified copy so required, shall be paid may be, applying for the same, at and

And be it and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if during the term prescribed by the last-mentioned notification, any owner, renter or possessor, owners, renters, or possessors of slaves shall apply to the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief in council, and make it appear to his satisfaction that the non-delivery of his, her or their return or returns of slaves to the said registrar within the term before prescribed, or any fault or omission in such return or returns of slaves to the said registrar within the term before prescribed, or any default or omission in such return or returns as has arisen from sickness, accident, or some unavoidable impediment, and not from any wilful delay or default, and shall then produce bis, her or their return or returns, or corrected return or returns, and make oath before the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief in council, that no slave therein named has been illegally imported or brought into the said colony within the three years then next preceding, it shall and may be lawful for 'the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief in council, to make and order in writing by him subscribed and addressed to the said registrar, commanding him to receive and register any such return or returns, or corrected return or returns, as if the same had been delivered in due time, which order the registrar is hereby required to obey, so as every such new or eovveeted return may be registered in the said books in manner aforesaid, before the end of the said term of six months lust before mentioned.

And it is hereby further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That at the end of the last-mentioned term of six months, the registrar shall proceed finally to close and authenticate the primary or original registration of all the slaves in this Island, which shall thenceforth be called " The Original Registry of the Slaves in Tobago," in manner following, to wit: — In each of the said books, or in the last of any set of such books, the said registrar shall write with his own hand, in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves, on the same page, or on the back of the last leaf containing the same, — " Here ends the original registry of the plantation (or unattached) slaves of - the Colony of Tobago;" and the said registrar shall thereto subscribe bis name, and affix his seal of* office, and below the said signature shall be written in like characters by the -said registrar, the following affidavit:

" Before A, B. {inserting the name and title of the governor, lieutenant " governor, or civil commander in chief in council for the time being] " personally appeared C. I), [naming himself J the registrar of slaves in the " Island of Tobago, who being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists of " Almighty God, maketh oath and says, That lie the said C. 1). has twice " carefully examined and compared the preceding entries in this book [or, " in this set of books] with all the different returns of plantation or " unattached slaves delivered to him, first, by examining the said entries " while his clerk or assistant read the original returns respectively entered " therein, and afterwards by examining the said returns, while his clerk or " assistant read the said entries in this book [or, set of books J respectively " made therefrom, and that he is enabled thereby to depose, and does " depose, that the preceding original registry of the plantation or unattached " slaves of the Colony of Tobago, is in all respects correctly and faithfully " made; which Affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn " to before the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander " in chief in council, who shall subjoin thereto the following Certificate " under his hand and great seal of the said Island; but if there be no " great seal, then under the seal at arms of the said governor or commander in chief."

<c

1, A.B. [inserting his name and title of office] do hereby Certify, That %< the above Affidavit was duly sworn before me in council this

" day

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES.

43

Cf

day of one thousand eight hundred and Given under TOBAGO.

my Hand and Great Seal of the Colony of Tobago [or, Seal at AnnsJ

this of one thousand eight hundred and

" A. B." (l. s.)

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within six months Clause 15th. after the said original entry shall be closed and authenticated as aforesaid, the said Duplicate books of registrar shall prepare accurate and perfect duplicates of the said books or sets of to^e'mvple^-uia books of original registry, with their respective indexes, by causing the same transmitted to ' respectively to be carefully transmitted into other books of like sizes and forms, England, to be provided for that purpose at the public expense, and shall authenticate and certify each of the said duplicates in the same manner and form in all respects-, as is hereinbefore directed in regard to the said originals respectively, except in the said affidavits and certificates to be thereunto annexed, the same shall be described as duplicates of the original registries and indexes; and the said duplicate books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the said registrar to the governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief for the time being in council, who shall by the first safe conveyance transmit the same under his official seal, for His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in clause 16th.

every year in times to conic, after the expiration of the year appointed for the original Annual returns of

registry, to wit, on the first day of January in every year, or within thirty days after sl?vcs to !)e .1 1 J J J J 1 • ix , J after made, and

that day, every owner, renter, or possessor of any slave or slaves, or 111 the event of j)inv>

being absent from this Island, then the acting attorney, manager, or other representative of such owner, renter, or possessor of any slave or slaves, either belonging or usually attached to, or worked or employed upon any plantation or plantations within this Island, who shall own, rent, or possess any unattached slave or slaves whatsoever in this Island, whatever his, her or their title or interest may be in or to the said slave or slaves, plantation or 'plantations, shall respectively make out and deliver upon oath to the said -registrar so appointed, such schedules, lists and particulars in writing, subscribed by him, her or them, to be called his, her, or their " Annual Return of Slaves," 'containing >a true and distinct account of all births and deaths of plantation slaves upon, belonging or attached to, and usually worked and employed on the plantation or plantations for which, and of the unattached slaves,-as above mentioned of which such annual return is made 5 and also an account of all deductions from or additions to the former stock of slaves belonging or attached to or usually worked or employed upon such plantation or plantations, or owned, rented, or possessed by any such person or persons within the same period, by other means than deaths or births, whether the same shall have happened by permanent desertion, sale of or other transfer of plantation, or enfranchisement, or by return of fugitive slaves formerly registered as permanent deserters, or by purchase, succession, reversion, or such other lawful acquisition, or by any lawful importation from other British colonies; which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition, shall in all cases he distinctly specified in such annual returns; and in case of purchase or other acquisition, or of sale or other transfer or manumission of slaves formerly registered, the registered name and description of every such newly purchased or acquired, or transferred or manumitted slave, and ofhisorher former plantation owner, renter or possessor, shall also be set forth at large in such annual return; and when by the death of the owner, renter or possessor, or any other cause, there shall have been, within the period to which the return relates, any change of property in, or possession, or permanent removal of any slave or slaves from the plantation owner, renter, or possessor under whose names the said were registered, to any other plantation, new owner, renter or possessor, which change of property, or possession or remand shall also he mentioned in the said annual returns; and such annual returns shall also state the whole number of slaves then, belonging to such plantation owner, renter or possessor mentioned in such returns, whether plantation or unattached slaves; and at the end of such returns respectively, shall he summed up and set down in words at length, the whole number of slaves, distinguishing males and females, then belonging or attached to, or usually worked or employed upon the plantation or plantations, or of the unattached slaves for or in respect of whom such annual return is made; hut when there has been no alteration since the last return, in the number or description of the slaves, it shall he sufficient to state the whole number of the slaves, distinguishing males and females, and to add, " No alteration required by law to be specified

33b’. has

44-

ADDITION AL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

TOBAGO.

has taken place since the last returnAnd for the better ascertaining the proper form

of such annual returns of slaves, as hereby required to be made, so that no pbrson may

pretend ignorance thereof, a form or example of such annual returns is contained in the schedules of this Act annexed and marked (B.) and (C.) to which all persons are hereby required, so far as shall be found practicable, to conform; and-public notice shall be given by the registrar, in such manner as to him shall seem most fit and effectual, that a form or pattern of the returns hereby required to be made may be seen, and a printed copy thereof, with the blanks to be filled up according to the rules aforesaid, obtained at the registrar’s office appointed as aforesaid; and printed blank copies of the said forms shall accordingly be provided at the public expense by the registrar, and delivered gratis to all persons applying for the same.

Clause 17U1. Annual returns to be delivered on oath, and in what lu:iii.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every -person making and subscribing any such annual return, shall personally deliver the same to the registrar, and shall at the same time take the following oath, which the stud registrar is hereby empowered to administer; to wit,

"I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, That the contents of the Schedule or " Return now by me delivered, is true, and that the same contains, to the " best of my knowledge and belief, a full, fair and correct account of all " the births and deaths which have happened among the slaves attached or " belonging to, or usually worked or employed upon the Plantation therein " named, [or, belonging to the owner, renter or possessor therein named,] " or now in my possession, by whatever title or interest, since the original " return and registration thereof, or during the last preceding year, and of " all other additions to or reductions from the said slaves within the same " period, from whatever cause, and of the whole number of slaves now " actually belonging and attached to, or usually worked and employed upon " the said Plantation, for, to the said owner, renter, or possessor] or now " in my possession, by whatever title or interest.

"So help me GOD."

Clause 18th. And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the registrar

The former register of this Island shall, on the receipt of such annual returns at his office, forthwith c<)rrecteV°ei)lar',etl ln'ocecclfco correct, enlarge, and continue pursuant thereto, the former registry of and coniiiiu d] ° plantation slaves and unattached slaves to which such returns shall respectively relate, according to the in manner following; that is to say, the said registrar shall in the first place carefully

annual 1 eturns. compare such returns, and the names and descriptions of slaves therein contained,

with the original registry of the slaves of the same plantation or plantations, owners, renters or possessors respectively, and of such other plantation owners, renters or possessors within this Island, of which or from which any of the said slaves may lie stated to have been newly purchased, removed or transferred, and also with all intermediate continuations and corrections of the said original registry by former annual returns, so as to ascertain that the whole number of slaves mentioned In the said return corresoonds with the original and former entries of slaves belonging to

f L O <J O.

the same plantation or plantations, owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors respectively; and in case there shall be found an apparent inconsistency between any such annual returns, and the said original or former annual registries of slaves belonging to the same plantation or plantations, owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors respectively, or if in case any slave or slaves returned as newly acquired by purchase or transfer, succession, reversion, or removal from any other plantation or plantations, or former owner, renter or possessor, there shall not appear in the preceding return for such other plantation or plantations, or former owner or owners, a corresponding entry of the same slaves as deducted by sale or transfer, determination of estate or otherwise, from the last registered stock of such other plantation or plantations, or former owner or owners, renter or renters*.possessor or possessors, the registrar shall give notice thereof to the owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, or other party or parties making such return or returns, to explain or remove-such apparent inconsistency or defect,.the same shall accordingly lie done to the entire satisfaction of the said registrar by an examination upon oath,

. if necessary, which oath the said registrar is hereby empowered to administer. But if the party or parties refuse or omit so to explain, and if necessary, to correct the same, lie, she or they shall he subject to the penalties enacted by the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth clauses of this Act, as the case may be, only as to the particular slaves in

question.

TO THE TREATMENT. OF. SLAVES.

45

question, saving nevertheless, to him, her or . them, such remedy- by appeal' as is TOBAGO, hereafter provided, in cases of any.error or misconductherein by the said*registrar.'

And be it' and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That immedi- Clause 19th. ately from and after such comparison and examination as aforesaid, every return ^'k which shall be found inconsistent with the said original and preceding annual regis- te0r'jd 0 e rc8IS’ tries, or which shall have been satisfactorily explained or corrected'as aforesaid, shall be registered in the said books of registry: that is to say, when any. such return shall state that there has been'no alteration in the numbers and descriptions of the slaves since the last returns for the same plantation, or the said owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors of unattached slaves, the said registrar shall carry forward the whole number so last returned to a new page'in the said original book of registry, and shall enter and insert under the same, — " No alteration by the return of the year one thousand eight hundred and as by return

" dated " ," and shall subscribe his name to such entry.

But as to slaves stated in any such annual returns to have died or to have been sold, or otherwise transferred or to have been manumitted, removed, or to have permanently deserted, the said registrar shall write in the column of corrections of the said original registry, and of every intermediate annual registry wherein the name of any such deceased, sold, transferred, removed or manumitted' slave of deserter shall have been inserted in the proper space of the said column, opposite to the name of such slave, the words " dead, or sold, transferred, removed or deserted," as the case may be; and the said registrar shall then proceed to sum up the number of all slaves which, by any of the means aforesaid, have been deducted from the fonner'and last registered account of the stock of slaves belonging to the same-plantation, or to the same owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors of unattached slaves, as the case ’maybe, since the said last registered returns, and shall deduct the whole number thereof from the last registered account of slaves of such plantation, owner or owner's, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, and shall carry forward the remaining number thereof to a new page of the proper book of registry, making a written reference thereto at the first of the page from which the same is carried, and subscribing the same with his name; and in such new page, and in as many successive pages as may be necessary, shall be afterwards inserted the names and descriptions of all slaves’ mentioned in the same annual returns to have been newly added to the former registered stock, by any of the lawful means aforesaid, distinguishing.all the -particulars in the said original registry, but also the particular mode of acquisition of every such newly added slave, by the word "born, purchased, - returned,; removed, imported,"

.or such other brief designation as may be applicable to each case.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the end Clause 20th. of every such registration of each annual return, the said registrar shall carefully At.the end of the sum up and insert in words at length, the whole number of slaves, distinguishing ’males and females, appearing by the same return then to belong to the same planta- whole number of tion, for which, or the owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors by slaves then belong-whom or on whose behalf the return is made, and shall subscribe the same with his inSt0 each P'an* name, and shall also subscribe his name at the bottom of each page containing the sum^d upandbe said annual returns. ' entered

And whereas it may happen in some instances, that owners, renters and possessors Clause 21st of slaves within this colony, at the time of the said .first or original registration, or of some subsequent annual registration, may from accident or unavoidable impediment, omit to return the same for registration, within the times hereby respectively limited ior that purpose, or .that persons in possession of slaves, not their own absolute property, may wilfully make such omissions without the concurrence or consent of the absent-owners or persons interested in such slaves; Be it therefore further enacted by the 'authority aforesaid, That if any owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors of slaves within this colony, shall have omitted to make his, her or their return thereof within the time hereinbefore limited for the said first or original registration, or the subsequent annual registrations, within the time hereinbefore in that respect limited; and if such owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, or any person or persons, who at the time of such omission was, or who shall have since become the owner* renter or possessor, whether in his own right or in the right of any other person or persons, of any slave or slaves so omitted to be returned, shall at the time of making any one of his or their three next annual returns after any such omission or default, apply to the governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in

chief of such colony, in council, and prove to his satisfaction, by such credible evi-338. M " deuce

46 ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

TOBAGO.

Clause 2ad. General accounts or abstracts of all annual returns to be made out by the registrar and authenticated on oath, and transmitted to England.

Clause 23d.

If returns unduly received, or refused for registration by the registrar, parties aggrieved may appeal to the governor, and morn him to the King in Council, giving security.

dence as from the nature o£the; case, may be reasonably expected and required, that such omission was not wilful, but arose from some specified accident or other unavoidable impediment, or from the neglect of some person or persons other than the true and absolute owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors of the said slave or slaves, it shall be lawful for such governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, in council, to order that such party or parties so making bis, her or their annual return next after such omission or default to the said registrar, shall be at liberty to insert the names and descriptions, and all other particulars hereinbefore required of and relating to all and every slave or slaves, the subject of any such former omission or default-, and also in such return such account as is hereinbefore directed, of the births and deaths, and of all other deductions from or additions to the stock of slaves, in respect of which such returns are made, which shall have occurred within the preceding one, two, or three years, as the case may be; and such return, when duly made and registered, together with the cause of the former omission or default, and the date of - the order for supplying the same, which shall be certified and signed by the said registrar on the registry of each return, in the proper book, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual for all purposes of this Act, as if the matters therein contained had been duly returned and registered at the proper period.

And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the first day of August in each year, the said registrar shall carefully make out a general account or abstract of all the annual returns that shall have been made and registered in and for the last year aforesaid, wherein shall be inserted, in alphabetical order, and in two divisions, the one containing plantation, slaves, and the other unattached slaves, the result of each annual return according to the registration thereof; to wit, — The registered names of plantations or owners, renters or possessors, the number of births and deaths of slaves with their names and descriptions, and the amount and partiqulars of all other deductions or additions respectively specified in each return, and also the whole remaining or existing number of slaves then appearing by the registry to belong to such plantation owner, renter or possessor, for which or whom the return has been made; and the registrar shall also make out a fair copy or duplicate of every such general account or abstract, and shall subscribe both the original and duplicate thereof with his name, and shall subjoin to each of the same an affidavit ih the following fonn; to wit, ‘

" Before personally appeared

the registrar of slaves' of this Colony of Tobago, who being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists, makes oath and says, That the preceding account or abstract of all the returns of plantation and unattached slaves respectively, that have, been received at and registered in the registry of slaves in this Island in the present year; and that the same contains, and truly and accurately specified, all such particulars as he the said registrar is required bylaw to make therein, according to the best of his knowledge, he having carefully compared the same with the said returns and the registry thereof remaining in his said office."

Which Affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief in council, who shall certify the same to have been sworn in manner hereinbefore directed, in respect of the said original books of registry, and the said annual abstracts or accounts shall be thereupon delivered to the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, who shall carefully transmit one of the said accounts or abstracts by the first safe conveyance, under his official seal, to His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England, retaining the said duplicate or copy until he shall be informed that the original thereof has been received, or thal the same has miscarred; in which latter case he shall in like manner transmit the duplicate or copy to the said secretary of state.

Provided always, and be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid That if the said registrar shall in the exercise of his said office, refuse to receive for registration any return, or to make any entry which he ought to receive or make according to the directions herein contained, and the true intent and meaning of this Act, or shall contrary to the said directions or to the true -intent and meaning hereof, receive for registration any return, or make or cause or suffer to be made any entry which.ought not to be so received or made, it shall be lawful for any person or persons thereby aggrieved or liable so to be, to present a petition or complaint in writing, in the nature of an appeal, to the governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander

TO THE TREATMENT- OF SLAVES.

47

TOBAGO.

in chief for the time being, praying relief against such default or misconduct of the said registrar; and the governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief for the time being, shall forthwith cause a copy of such petition or complaint to be

served upon the said registrar, with notice to him to answer the matter thereof in

writing by an early day to be for that purpose appointed; and the Said governor,

lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief in council, and by and with the

advice of his council, shall thereupon proceed in a summary manner, but upon written

evidence, to examine the matter of such petition or complaint, and with the advice of

the council to make such order thereupon as to the costs of the appeal as shall seem

just and proper: which order the said registrar and the said party or parties

petitioning and complaining respectively shall be bound to obey : but it shall never*

theless be lawful for either of the said parties to appeal from the decision of such

governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief in council to His

Majesty in his privy council, giving such security or securities thereupon as are

usual in other cases of such appeals; and whenever in pursuance of any decision of

the Said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief for the time

being in council, or of His Majesty in his privy council, any entry in either of the

said books of registry shall be made, expunged or altered, the insertion, correction or

alteration so made shall be valid and effectual for all the purposes of this act, any

thing contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

JBe it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the register shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in his office, or either of them, or in any of the said accounts or abstracts hereby directed to be made out, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said books of registry or either of them, the said registrar shall upon conviction of any such offence, not only be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws in force within this colony, at the time of such offence, to be inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall for ever forfeit his said office, and shall be incapable of ever after holding the same, and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons who shall sustain any damage or injury by such offence, who besides full reparation for every such damage or injury shall recover against such registrar double costs of suit; and if any person or persons in this colony shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the said books of registry or either of them, or in the said accounts or abstracts or either of them, every such person or persons so offending shall upon conviction be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws of this Colony to be inflicted upon persons convicted of fraudulently forging or altering public judicial records.

Clause 24th. Penalties on the registrar for making or' permitting any false or fraudulent entries in the' books of registry, and for fraudulent erasures.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person Clause 25th. or persons making any such original or annual returns of slaves as aforesaid in this Penalties for falsely colony, shall falsely and wilfully insert therein any name or names, description or descriptions of any slave or slaves, or pretended slave or slaves belonging or attached mg to the plsmta?" to and usually worked or employed on any plantation or plantations, or if any owner tion or owner, or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors of any unattached slaves, knowing, that, such slave or slaves, or pretended slave or slaves as shall be so named and described doth not or do not in fact belong or is or are attached to, or is or are usually worked-or employed on such plantation or plantations, or by such owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, at the time of making such return, any person or persons so offending shall forfeit for every slave- or pretended slave so falsely returned, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered in this Island, by action of debt, plaint or information, in the court of common pleas of this Island, one moiety thereof to be applied to the public uses of this colony, and the other moiety thereof to the use of such person or persons as shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the same: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to any such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid in respect to any slave or slaves which he or she shall prove to have been at the time of the return actually employed upon the plantation or in the service of the asserted owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, to which the same were represented by such return to belong, although he or she shall not be able to prove that the property or possession of such slaves or slave was such 338. as

48

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

TOBAGO.

Clause 26th. Penalties on persons wilfully neg-leoting to make original or annual returns.

Clause 27th.

When slaves become entitled to the provisions of the abolition act, by the wilful default of any person, the defaulter to be liable in damages to the party prejudiced.

Clause a 8th. Penalties on persons holding any negro, &c. in slavery, by means of any false returns.

Clause 29th. Negroes and people of colour to present themselves before the governor, a member of council, or registrar of slaves, within ten days after their arrival, and produce certificate, &e. of freedom, or be liable to be ordered to depart this colony.

as stated in the returns, except when the prosecutor shall give evidence beyond the falsification of the return in the point of property or possession, to show that the same was fraudulently or wilfully false.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall wilfully neglect or refuse to make any original or annual return of any slave or slaves required by this act, or in making any original or annual return of any slave or slaves required by this act, shall fraudulently and wilfully neglect and omit to return in the lists or schedules thereof any slave or slaves, or the description or descriptions of any slave or slaves, which by this act they are required to return, he she or they shall forfeit for every such slave so fraudulently and wilfully neglected or omitted as aforesaid, one hundred pounds sterling, one moiety of which to be applied to the public uses of this colony, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue, inform, and prosecute for the same, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, plaint or information, in the court of common pleas in this Island; and every slave, for the neglect and omission of enregistering whom, the owner, renter or possessor, or the person or persons making the said returns, shall have been so fined, shall be dealt with as a slave imported contrary to the laws for the abolition of the slave trade, unless the claimant shall within twelve months establish by sufficient proof, or the evidence of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the governor or commander in chief for the time being in council, that such slave has not been illegally imported, but came hm\a Jide into his her or their possession.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever by reason of the wilful default of any person or persons making any original or annual return of any slave or slaves, which lie she or they are by this act required to make, the same shall be treated as a slave or slaves imported contrary to the Abolition Act, the party or parties making such default, shall be liable to pay and satisfy to suck persons, not privy and consenting to such default, as shall be prejudiced thereby, in respect of his her or their former property or interest in such slave or slaves, the full amount of all damages by him or them sustained, and three times the value of such slave or slaves at the time of such default, together with costs of suit.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall by means of any fqlsc or fraudulent return or entry by him her or them, or by or with his her or their procurement, consent, privity or knowledge, made in the registry of slaves of this Island, keep, hold, or attempt to keep or hold in slavery any African or other negro or mulatto, or other coloured person lawfully entitled to freedom, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, he she or they shall forfeit and pay for every African or negro, mulatto, or other coloured person, the subject of any such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, one moiety thereof to be applied to the public uses of this colony, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons_as-shall sue, inform and prosecute for the same, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, plaint or information, in the Court of Common Pleas in this Island, but without prejudice to the, party injured by him her or them, pursuing their remedy by action at common law, in trespass, false imprisonment, or otherwise, for such illegal detention or attempt.

And whereas the peace and safety of this Island may be endangered by the uncontrolled and unlimited introduction of negro or coloured persons, dangerous characters pretending to be free, and fugitives from either British or foreign colonies: And whereas circumstances of recent occurrence in our immediate neighbourhood in the West Indies, especially require that the same should be most strictly guarded against and prevented j Be it therefore and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all negroes, mulattoes, mustees, or people of colour arriving in the Island, and claiming or pretending to be free persons, shall be and they are hereby obliged and required, within ten days .after them arrival, to present and report themselves to the governor or commander in chief for the time being, or any member of His Majesty's council, or the registrar of. slaves of this. Island, under the penalty of twenty pounds current money of this. Island, to. be levied by warrant, directed to the provost marshal, or.'his. lawful deputy, in the nature of anexecution issuing out of the court of common pleas of this Island, and to be executed at any time. of the year, under the hands and seals of two justices of "the peace; unless such person or persons so claiming- or pretending to be free, and refusing to produce/ as is hereby required, their respective manumissions, certificate of freedom, or other well-authenticated and sufficient instrument to establish his, her, or their

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. 49

TOBAGO.

.freedom, -shall forthwith depart this Island; according to such order and direction, and within the time limited by such order and direction, as shall in that case be .made by the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the time being, or any member of His Majesty's council, or any two justices of the peace, such order being under the hand and seal of the party or parties making the .same, and any member of His Majesty's council, or any two justices of the peace granting such order or direction aforesaid, shall report the same in writing, with all the particulars relating thereto, to the governor or commander in chief for the time being, within three days (such order shall not be executed until it receive the approbation of the governor or commander in chief, in writing) and shall and are hereby required also to return from time to time a list of all so fined, and who shall 'have failed to produce their respective manumissions, certificates of 'freedom, or other well-authenticated and sufficient instrument to establish his, her or their freedom, or who shall have been so ordered to depart, or who shall not have obeyed and complied with any such order and direction to the clerk of the council, and the .-clerk of the assembly, to be laid before the two houses of legislature, at their usual quarterly or other meetings for the dispatch of public business.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ccrti- Claiw 30th. fficate ‘of the -registrar of slaves for this Colony by him subscribed, and copies or 1 cmiiioato 1 extracts from the books-of his office of the registration of any slave or slaves therein, cvklenco oi iii'e shall be received in all courts of -this Island, and by all judges therein, as suf- registration of ficient evidence of the authority of such copy or extract, and as sufficient evidence slaves. prima facie of the matter so certified, saving nevertheless to the party or parties ;igainst whom- such evidence is adduced, the right of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the same by an inspection of and comparison with the original book or books of registry in the Colony, or the duplicate thereof, or the accounts and abstracts to be transmitted as aforesaid to the said secretary of state, or such other evidence as shall be sufficient according to the laws now in force in this Island.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the three’ next following annual returns after the final closing and’ authentication of such original registry of slaves in this colony as hereinbefore directed, no estate, right, title, property, or interest whatsoever, at law or in equity, of or to any slave or slaves in this colony, shall be created or transferred, or shall in any manner pass by sale or mortgage, gift, grant, or other voluntary alienation, or by judgment at law, decree or execution, nor by marriage, succession, inheritance, will, devise, administration, or otherwise howsoever, unless such slave or slaves shall have been first duly registered according to the directions hereinbefore contained:

‘Provided always, that no deed or instrument shall be avoided or impeached by reason of a clerical error in setting forth the names and descriptions of any slave or slaves therein, or in any schedule thereto contained; nor shall the same be avoided or impeached by reason of any disagreement between the said names and descriptions of •the entries thereof in the books of registry or duplicate registry, which shall have arisen from any error or default of the registrar or his clerks in extracting and certifying the said names and descriptions without the fraudulent contrivance or wilful default of the parties to such deed or instrument; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to avoid, hinder or impeach any will, codicil -or other testamentary paper, or any probate or letters of administration, or any bill of sale, assignment, conveyance, or instrument made by or under the authority of any commissioners of bankrupt, or any public officer appointed to assign or convey any insolvent’s estate or effects, or by or under the authority of any court of justice or any officer thereof, or in the execution of any legal process, by reason that registered names and descriptions of any slaves are not set forth in such bill, c odicil, testamentary papers, probate letters of administration, bill of sale, assignment, conveyance or instrument.

And whereas .various returns of negro and other slaves are now by several Ac-ts in force in this Island required to be annually made, namely, under the Act commonly called the .Road Bill, under the Act to encourage the further introduction of white inhabitants into this Island, commonly called the Deficiency Bill, and under the Act passed annually, intituled, "An Act to ascertain the Debts of the Colony, and to raise ?. sum of Money for the payment of the same," commonly called the Money Bill; by each or-all of which various sum or sums of money, forfeitures, penalties, proportions of road labour, or other charges, are imposed and made payable under such return-by all owners, renters, or possessors of any slave or slaves in this Island: And whereas , 33S. • N * the

Clause 31st,

After the closing of the original registry no estate or property in slaves to he created or transferred unless they shall have been duly registered.

Provided always, that no deed or instrument shall he avoided by reason of any clerical error, &c. in the name or description of slaves.

Nothing herein to avoid or impeach any will. &c. for want of the registered names and description of slaves.

Clause 39. llr-inins made under this act to supersede the necesMly of all annual returns of slaves now mp.ired to be made under the Hoad Bill, Deficiency Bill, or Annual Moms Bui.

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LA\V& RELATING

TOBAGO. the strict and' minute returns required and--to be made1 under this Act, will supersede

... - j and prevent the necessity of such other above-mentioned returns in future; Be'it

therefore and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from arid' after the time at and when the present Act shall be passed, and being duly proclaimed1, .shall be iri complete force and effect, and while the offices of public treasurer and register shall be held by the same person, no other annual return of negroes or other slaves required to be made by any Act now in force in this- Island rieed be made'; but •that all proportions of road labour, and all forfeitures, penalties, bounties, payih'erits and receipts according to the before-mentioned bill, commonly called the' Road Bill, and all forfeitures, penalties, bounties, receipts, payments, or liabilities of any nature nr description' according to the Act before mentioned, to ericOuyage the introdtietion O'f white inhabitants into this Island, commonly called the Deficiency Bill, and aft sums or sums of money to be raised in the nature of a poll tax, or under any Act now or hereafter to be in force in this Island, whereby any sum Or sums of money sliafll be raised by a rate per head upon all or any'slave or slaves within the Island, whether the said slave or slaves shall belong or bp attached to or worked or usually employed upon any estate or plantation, or whether the said slave or slaves be unattached t6 any plantation or estate, shall be fixed, rated, ascertained and determined by, and according to the original and annual returns upon oath of the total number of slave's returned from time to time by virtue of this present bill, to establish a public registry of slaves in this Island, and that until the same shall be repealed, or the offices Of treasurer and registrar be /icld by separate persons, no other returns shall be deemed necessary or called for.

(JlaiibO 33d. Appointment of tiic le^otrar’s talar;.

r

And whereas it is highly expedient that the important office of registrar of slaves Of this Island should be held and exercised by a person iri Whose abilities, honour, and integrity the utmost confidence and reliance may be properly placed, and that the duties and responsibility attached to the said office, should be sufficiently remunerated; and as the labour, trouble, and expense attendant upon the' due execution of the said office, will for the first year thereof (or the ydar within which the original returns of all slaves are required to be made) considerably exceed the trouble* labour, and expense necessary in all subsequent years, during which the annual return of all slaves is alone required; Be it therefore and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to the said registrar for his salary* for the first year of his holding and executing the said office (being the year iii. -which the original returns of all slaves are required to be made) to be reckoned from the first day of January ip one year to the first day of January in the next subsequent year; and when and after all the original return or returns are duly registered and certified, and the duplicate books of the said returns or registries delivered as herein required to the governor or commander in chief for the time being in council,- and all the office certified copies of the lists and schedules prepared and delivered, or ready to be delivered to the parties entitled to the same* the sum of five hundred pounds current money of this Island, and that for each and every subsequent year of his holding and executing the said office, reckoning from the first day of January in one year, until the first day of January in- the next subsequent year (in which period all annual returns of slaves are required to be made) there shall be paid to the said registrar, for his salary for that year, or iri that proportion for any less time than a year; and when and after all the Said annual returns shall be duly registered and certified, and the duplicate books of the said annual returns or registry delivered as herein required to the governor or commander in chief for the time being in council, and also the office certified copies of the lists and schedules prepared and delivered, or ready to be delivered to the parties entitled to the same, the sum of four hundred pounds Current money of this Island; and that the said sum of five hundred pounds current money of this Island for the first year, and the sum of four hundred pounds current money for the next and every subsequent year, during which, the said registrar shall hold and execute the said office according to the enactments hereby made, ordered, and provided, shall be in full and in lieu of all fees, claims, and deriiarids whatsoever, in his capacity of registrar; save and except that the said registrar shall be entitled to demand and receive for every certified office copy of or extracts from any annual or original returns of any schedules, lists, or returns of any slave or slaves made to and registered iri his office of registrar, the Sum of three shillings and sixpence current money of this Island, for the same; if the said office copy oV extract shall not exceed or relate to above the number of twenty slaves, and the sum of one shilling and sixpence current money of this Island more for every ten slaves additional; and

TO; THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES'.

51

.that every person or persons shall have free access to the said office to examine the TOBAGO.

said lists, schedules and returns, and the book or books of registry in the said office, v_____^---->

on paying the said registrar eight shillings and three-pence current money of this Island., for every search; it being hereby understood and declared that no charge, fee or demand whatev'er is to- Be'made as respecting those single- office copies of-all.regis-tered lists or schedules of slaves before mentioned, which are: hereinbefore directed to :be prepared and delivered to the owner or owners, renter or renters, possessor or possessors, or the party or parties making the said returns, or the inspection of the registrar’s books, which the said persons are allowed to make for the purpose of ascertaining that fh’e’ s&id- r&turWs, lists-or schedules1 have been actually registered according to laVv.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any clause 34111. person or persons shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury by swearing falsely, Perjury committed and Knowing the" same to be false, to any original or arinual'rettirns-, schedules or lists 111ret’ •of any slave or slaves, before the registrar herein appointed by this Act, or shall wilfully make or subscribe before the said-registrar any oath, knowing it to be .false,* and which the said registrar under this Act is hereby authorized to administer, he,

•she, or they may be prosecuted- by indictment, and be punished as in cases of wilful purjury at common law.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein clause 55111. -contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any manner to abrogate, deteri- Nothing contained -orate, interfere with, or abridge the rights and privileges held by this Island, and in tIm Act 10 .granted to its inhabitants by His Majesty's most gracious Proclamation of the seventh th^rUhismui" of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and the twenty-sixth privileges cranted •of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, under the faith and promises of to tbislsland by which as therein set forth, for the protection of their persons and properties, the former proclama-lands of this Island were purchased and settled by the present inhabitants or their trcatus all predecessors; or under the Capitulation of the thirtieth of June one thousand eight hundred and three, whereby this Island was surrendered to His Majesty's arms,- or under the late Treaty of Paris, of the thirtieth of May one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which this Island was finally ceded to and restored to the United Kingdom; and that nothing shall hereby interfere with, abrogate, diminish, or alter any of the laws, customs, ordinances, rights or privileges by which this Island has been heretofore governed, or by and in conformity to and in the right of which the inhabitants and proprietors thereof have hitherto claimed, owned, used or possessed -any property, or exercised any of the rights of property whatsoever within the same,

other than the same may be expressly altered, changed, enlarged, or amended by this present Act, .any thing contained to the 'contrary thereof in any way notwithstanding.

And be itand it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That five liun- Clause 36th.

dred copies of this Act shall be printed at the public expense and distributed, or This Act to be otherwise disposed of, as the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, b^the'

the President of the Council, the Speaker of the Assembly, and the Registrar of Slaves governor, president for the time being, slia.ll direct. of the council, speaker of the assembly, and registrar of slaves.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall Clause 37U). be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken notice of ^eemeda Pubbc -as such, by all courts of justice whatsoever. Act, and taken, notice of as such.

And be if. and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the force, clause 38th.

-effect and operation of this Act shall be and is hereby suspended until His Royal This Act not to be Highness the Prince Regent, acting by and on the behalf of His Majesty, shall rs^c 's"'l * •>ane

declare and make known the Royal pleasure and assent thereto. is known. P

Passed the Council the twenty-third of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen. Geo. Cumme, President of Council.

Sam1 Hally Clerk Council.

Passed the House of General Assembly, the twenty-third of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

_E. Piggott, Speaker of the House of General Assembly.

Assented to, this eighth day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventeen. ' P. P. Robinson, Governor.

Duly Proclaimed, this eleventh day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventeen. John Barnes, Dep. Pro. Marshal.

338.

ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

TOBAGO.

TOBAGO.

(A.) — Original RETURN of Plantation Slaves ,(or unattachedSlav.es) as the case may be.

SCHEDULE.

The original Return of A.B. for the Plantation C.D. in the parish of Saint for the total number of all Slaves belonging or attached thereto, or usually worked or employed thereon, (or in Return of unattached Slaves.) The original Return of A.B. of the town (or parish) of C.D. of the total number of all Slaves belonging to, owned and possessed by him, her or them (as the case may be.)

Nhiiic.i of Colour. Age. Country. Usual Employ.

r Mates. \ Females.

Hurry , , , , Black - - - 3°> African - Field.

Adjua Creole Field.

.'Quamina - - Yellow skin 40. African - Driver.

Nelly - - Mulatto 20. Creole - Sempstress;.

Total, two hundred and one male, and .two hundred and ten female slaves.

" Sworn to before me, this day of January one thousand eight

" hundred and to be a true and distinct account, according to the

M Registry Bill of this Island. (Signed) " A. B."

" Owner, manager, renter,

" TV. B. Registrar." attorney, possessor, (as

the case may be.")

TOBAGO.

(B.) — Annual RETURN of Plantation Slaves.

SCHEDULE.

j'i,e Return of A.B. for the Plantation called C.D. in the parish of Saint for the total number of Slaves belonging or attached thereto, or usually worked or -.employed thereon; with a true and distinct Account of all Births and Deaths thereon, and of all other additions to or deductions ‘from the stock of Slaves, from whatever cause, between the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and and the first day of January one thousand

eight hundred and

Mules. Females.

Total Number of Slaves, as per' Iteturn made up to first January one thousand eight hundred and 102. 97-

( continual)

TO THE TREATMENT OF .SLAVES. 53

TOBAGO.

(B.) — Annual Return of Plantation Slaves — continued.

Increase by Births:

Names of Colour. \ Date of Binli.

/ Mules. \ Feranlcs.

Richard - Negro - - - - - 24th March*

Phoebe - - Mulatto - - - - 3d April.

Cufieo - - Yellow skin - - - 9th June.

P.achcl - - Negro - - - - - 4th August.,

'1'otnl Increase by Births - - Two. • Two. t

Addition by Purchase, &c. _ v'v .........

Porter - - - - - - Negro - - Purchased from .1. Balfour.

Thomson k Negro - - Removed from Friendship Estate.

Wilson - - • - - - Negro - - Legacy from T. Wilson.

Quashcba Mulatto - Purchased from Isaac Richardson.

Polly - - Yellowskin Gift from Ann Robertson.

Tots.) Addition by Purchase, &c. Three. Two.

i 1 1 Decrease by Deaths :

. k , , Mars - - Negro - - \ - - - 23d January.

Thomson .... Mulatto - - - - 5th April.

Dick - - Negro - - - - - 9 tit July.

Mary Ann Mustee- - - - - 22d September.

Total Decrease by Deaths - Three. One.

Deductions by Sale, &c.

Cnbba - - * Negro - - \ Sold John Gordon.

John - - - - - - - Yellowskin Sold Richard Wilson.

Rose - - Negro - - Deserted, and now absent.

Peggy - - Muslcc - Manumitted.

Thomas - Mulatto - Sent to Antigua.

Total Deductions by Sale - - Three. Two.

Total Slaves, 011c hundred and three males, and ninety-eight females.

" Sworn to before me, this day of January one thousand eight

" hundred and to be a true and distinct account, according to

" the Registry Bill of this Island.

(Signed) " A. B."

(i JV. B. Registrar." " Owner, renter, manager,

attorney, (as the ca^e may he.")

O

---

54 ADDITIONAL COLONIAL LAWS RELATING

TOBAGO.

TOBAGO.

(C.) — Annual RETURN of unattached Slaves.

SCHEDULE.

The Return of A.B. of the town of (or parish) C.D. of all Slaves belonging and possessed by him (her or them, as the case may be) with a true and distinct Account of all Births and Deaths thereon, and of all other additions to or deductions from the stock of Slaves, from whatever cause, between the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and _____ and the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and _____.

---

Males. Females.

Total Number of Slaves, as perl Ileturn made up to tile first > of January - - - - -J 16. 18.

Increase by Births:

1

r Names of - ✓ Colour. Date of Birth.

Males. s Fc males.

John - - Negro -

Betty - - Mulatto - - - - 16th June.

William - Negro -

Louisa Yellow skin - - - 16th December.

Total Increase by Births - - Two. Two.

Additions by Purchase:

y\

/ Thomas - Negro - - Purchased from John Williams.

Polly - Mulatto - Gift from Ann Jones.

Mary • - Mustee- - Legacy from Thomas Martin.

Total Increase by Purchase - One. Two.

Decrease by Deaths:

Watty - - Negro -

George- - Yellowskin • - - 15th August.

Molly- - Mulatto - - - - aist October.

T»>ui Dtcr-'^e by Deaths 'Two. One.

TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. 55

TOBAGO.

(C.) Annual Return of unattached Slaves — continued. t

Deductions by Sale:

S' Names of . Colour.

c Mules. Females.

Cupid - - Negro - - Sold John Buchanan.

Beu - - - Mulatto - D° Thomas Jackson.

Margaret Mustee- * Manumitted.

Total Deductions by Sale, &c. Two. Out*.

---

Total Slaves, fifteen males and twenty females.

"Sworn to before me, this _____ day of January one thousand eight hundred and _____to be a true and distinct account according to the Registry Bill of this Island."

(Signed) "A.B."

"Owner, manager, renter, attorney, possessor, (as the case may be.")

"W. B. Registrar."

