ADDITIONAL

COLONIAL LAWS

RESPECTING

SLAVES.

Ordered to be printed 16th April 1817.

CONTENTS.

BARBADOES.

No. 1. — An Act for more fully ascertaining the Slave population of the Island of Barbadoes - p. 3

JAMAICA.

No. 2. — An Act for a more particular return of Slaves in this Island, and the enrolment thereof - p. 9

No. 3. — An Act in furtherance of the Provisions of the Abolition Laws within this Island - p. 18

St. VINCENTS.

No. 4.—A Bill for establishing a registry of negro and other slaves in the island of St. Vincents and its dependencies - p. 25

(3)

ADDITIONAL

COLONIAL LAWS

RESPECTING

SLAVES.

BARBADOES.

No. 1.

An ACT for more fully ascertaining the Slave population of the Island of Barbadoes.

WHEREAS it has been thought probable in the mother country that the re-establishment of peace may afford facilities to an illicit introduction of slaves into the British settlements in the West Indies: And whereas the legislature of this Island, notwithstanding it feels the most thorough conviction that no such importation into this Island ever has been or is likely to be attempted, is yet desirous to co-operate in any measures which may be deemed necessary for giving the fullest effect to the Acts for the abolition of the slave trade: And whereas many advantages may be derived to the inhabitants of this Island from a more exact specification and return of the slave population; Be it therefore Enacted by the Honourable John Spooler, President of His Majesty’s Council, and Commander in Chief of this Island, Chancellor, Ordinary, and Vice Admiral of the same, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said President or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and required to appoint by commission under his sign manual, some fit and proper person, resident within this Island, to be registrar of slaves therein, and that such registrar shall be personally resident within this colony while he shall continue to hold the said office, except when from ill health or other necessary cause his temporary absence from this Island shall be permitted by the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, by and with the consent of His Majesty’s Council; provided nevertheless, that such temporary absence shall not exceed the period of twelve months; and if the said registrar shall be at any time absent from this Island, without such license or permission as aforesaid, he shall absolutely forfeit his office; and in case of the death, absence, or incapacity of the said registrar, or any avoidance of the said office, a new registrar shall be in like manner appointed by the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, by commission under his sign manual.

2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That between the first day of March and the first day of June now next ensuing, and in every third following year, every person who shall be then resident in this Island, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, manager or attorney of or for such slaves, shall respectively make and deliver upon oath to the registrar so to be appointed as aforesaid, such schedules, lists and particulars in writing, as are

(4)

BARBADOES.

hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, every person in possession of any slaves as aforesaid, shall so make and return a schedule or list in writing, therein specifying in the first place his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners of such slave or slaves on whose behalf the return is made, and the right or character in which the party making such return holds possession of and claims title to such slave or slaves, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, manager, or attorney, executor, administrator, guardian or otherwise; and after such description as aforesaid, shall proceed to name, describe and enumerate distinctly, the several negroes, mulatto or other slaves belonging to the same owner or owners, in manner following; that is to say, the schedule or paper containing the said list shall be divided into six perpendicular columns of convenient breadth, respectively entitled at the heads thereof, name, sex, colour, employment, age and country; and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name of each slave by which he or she has been usually called or known; in the second of the said columns shall he inserted the sex of which such slave is; the third of the said columns shall be inserted black or coloured (including under the term “Coloured” all who are not black); in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation, or ordinary employment of the slave; in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted the age of the slave, according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the owner or other party making the return; and in the sixth of the said columns shall be inserted, whether the slave is an African or a Creole, and if a Creole, the name of the Island or Colony in which such slave was born, and from which he or she was brought, according to the best of the knowledge, information, and belief of the owner or other party making the return; and for the better ascertaining the proper forms of such returns of slaves as are hereby required to be made, so that no person may pretend ignorance thereof, a form or example of such return is contained in a schedule to this Act annexed, to which all persons are required, so far as shall be found practicable, to conform.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all lists and schedules to be made and returned as aforesaid, after the first general return required by this Act, there shall be in every succeeding return contained, a true and particular account of all births and deaths of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such return is made, within the three years next preceding since the last returns were made; and also an account of all deductions from or additions to the former list of slaves belonging to such person or persons, within the same period, whether the same shall have happened by desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, enfranchisement, or by return of fugitive slaves, or by purchase, succession, reversion, or other lawful acquisition within this Island, or by any lawful importation: which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition shall in all eases be distinctly specified in such return, so that the general increase and decrease of slaves, their conditions and numbers, may be fully known and considered.

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person making any and every such schedule or return, shall, at the time of delivering the same to the registrar, take the following oath, which the said registrar is hereby empowered and required to administer, under the penalty of five hundred pounds current money of this Island; that is to say,

“You do Swear, That the List or Schedule now by you given in, contains a true and exact account and description, according to the several particulars therein specified, of all the Slaves now attached or belonging to the Plantation called _____ in the parish of _____ or now belonging to you or in your possession, [if any owner] or now belonging to or in the possession of [name the owner or possessor] according to the best of your knowledge, information and belief.“

“So help you GOD.”

And all and every such owner and owners, person and persons, who are of the denomination of the people called quakers, is and are hereby required in like

(5)

BARBADOES.

And all and every such owner and owners, person and persons, who are of the denomination of the people called quakers, is and are hereby required in like manner to give in the same upon his her or their solemn affirmation; provided nevertheless, that in case any owner of slaves resident in this Island shall, from sickness or any bodily infirmity, be prevented from attending the said registrar, to deliver such list or schedule of his or her slaves as hereinbefore is directed, it shall and may be lawful for any other person in behalf of such owner, to give in such his or her list or schedule in the form hereinbefore prescribed; such person so giving in for another at the time of delivering such list or schedule, taking the following oath before the said registrar, who is hereby empowered and required, under the penalty aforesaid, to administer the same;

“You do Swear, That the person for whom you are now about to give in a List or Schedule of Slaves, is prevented doing so in his or her own proper person, from illness or bodily infirmity; and that the List or Schedule by you now given in was signed by such owner in your presence, and that the same contains a true and exact number and description of all the Slaves now belonging to or in the possession of the said _____ according to the best of your knowledge, information and belief.

“So help you GOD.”

5th. And to the intent that all persons required to return lists or schedules by this Act for any slaves, may be duly apprised, and have sufficient notice of the respective times of returning the same; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall and he is hereby required some time in the month immediately preceding the time herein appointed for the making such returns of slaves as aforesaid, to send advertisements in writing by him signed, purporting such respective times for giving in such returns to the rector, or his officiating minister, of each parish, who is and are hereby required to publish, or cause the same to be published in their respective parish churches the two succeeding Sundays after receipt thereof, between the prayers and sermon, and then to fix the same up at the church doors, to remain till after the time of making such returns has elapsed; and in case the said registrar, or the rector or officiating minister, shall in any respect fail herein, the party so offending, for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds current money of this Island.

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall carefully preserve the lists and schedules so returned to him, and cause the same, within six months after the return thereof, to be copied as clearly and distinctly as maybe, into one book, or set of books, duly paged and indexed, to be by him kept in his office, to which all persons may have free access during office hours to examine the same, every person paying the sum of six shillings and three-pence for such access and examination; and the said registrar is hereby further directed and required, upon application for the same, to give copies in writing, certified by himself, of any list or lists that may be desired, the person requiring the same paying for each several list so required, the sum of two shillings and sixpence for the same, if the number of slaves therein contained do not exceed twenty, and the further sum of one shilling and three-pence for every further number of slaves not exceeding ten, after the first twenty that shall be contained therein.

7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as all the returns, lists, or schedules which shall have been delivered to the said registrar pursuant to this Act, shall have been entered and recorded as aforesaid, the said registrar shall give notice thereof forthwith to the inhabitants of this Island, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, and that the said books are and will continue open at the proper office, for the inspection, free of any expense of all persons who have made returns of slaves, for insertion therein, for the term of two months from the date of such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied of the accuracy of the said books, and of the said returns therein contained; and also that if any owners or possessors of slaves within this Island shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have omitted to return full and proper lists or schedules of their slaves, as by this Act is required, they must immediately apply to the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, and council, who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, are hereby empowered and required to order the

(6)

BARBADOES.

admission and registration or correction of their returns or schedules by the said registrar.

8th. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully neglect to give in to the said registrar a list or lists, schedule or schedules of his, her or their slave or slaves as above directed, every such person or persons so neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for every such slave so neglected to be given in, one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and one moiety to be paid into the public treasury of this Island; and all and every slave or slaves so neglected to be given in, if such slave be an African, shall be entitled to his, her, or their freedom, unless such person or persons so omitting to give in any such slave or slaves shall within six months after the discovery of such omission, establish by sufficient evidence before the governor or commander in chief of this Island for the time being, and the members of His Majesty’s Council in council, that such African slave or slaves so omitted to be given in, had been legally imported; and the treasurer of this Island for the time being is hereby required and directed to pay to each African so rendered free, the sum of four pounds annually and every year during the term of his or her natural life.

---

9th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who may be at any time resident in this island, and who may have, keep, and retain in his, her, or their possession, as a Have or Haves, any African or Africans who may have been illicitly imported into this island, knowing the fame to have been so illicitly imported, shall, upon conviction thereof at any court of grand sessions of oyer and terminer, general gaol-delivery, and general sessions of the peace of this island, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this island for any time not exceeding the period of two years.

10th. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any proceedings of the said registrar, in any matter relating to this act, may appeal by petition to the governor or commander in chief of this island for the time bang, and the members of His Majesty’s council in council, who are herebydelired and fully empowered to hear and finally determine thereon, and to remit or confirm all and every or any the penalties in this act contained, as to them shall seem fit.

1 ith. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall make and prepare, or cause to be made and prepared, accurate and per-fed duplicates of the said books, and shall authenticate and certify the said duplicates by the following affidavit:

‘ j^EFORE A. B. [inferring the name and title of the governor or commander

in chief for the time being"] personally appeared C. D. [naming

the said registrar of Haves of this island; who, being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists, makes oath and fays, that he the said C. D. has carefully examined and compared all the preceding entries in this book with all the different returns of Haves delivered to him, or, to his knowledge or belief, to any

deputy clerk or assistant by him appointed ; and that he is enabled thereby to depose, and does depose, that the preceding return of the Haves of this island is

in all respects correctly and faithfully made.’

Which affidavit, being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said governor or commander in chief for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand:

I A. B. [ inferring his name and title of office] do hereby certify that the above

affidavit was duly sworn before me this day of

‘ one thousand eight hundred and Witness my hand, this

day of one thousand eight hundred and

‘ . b:

And the said duplicate books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the said registrar to the governor or commander in chief for the time being, who

shall

( 7 )

{hall forthwith transmit the fame to His Majesty’s principal secretary of ft ate for the colonial department in England.

1 ath. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no erasure {hall, on any pretence or for any cause whatever, be at any time permitted to be in any of the said books ; but if any clerical error {hall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular therein, so that the fame {hall differ from the name, description, or particular contained in the schedule or return from which the fame was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible; and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, {hall either be interlined or written in the margin, and the registrar shall, either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark or reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe h is name at length.

13th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said registrar shall wilfully make or knowingly permit or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the books in his office, or either of them, or {hall fraudulently erase, obliterate, or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated, or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said books or either of them, the said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence before any court of grand sessions of oyer and terminer, general gaol-delivery, and grand sessions of the peace for this island, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, and be imprisoned for any time not exceeding two years in the common gaol of this island ; and if any deputy assistant or clerk of the said registrar shall commit or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed any such offence as aforesaid, he shall upon the like conviction thereof forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this island for any time not exceeding the period of two years j and if any other person or persons in this colony shall wilfully make or cause or procure to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the said books or either of them, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate, or alter, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated, or altered, any entry which shall have been made in the said books or either of them, every such person or persons so offending shall upon like conviction thereof forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds of like current money, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this island for any time not exceeding the period of two years.

14th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all sums of money arising by this act, and all and every the forfeitures and penalties in the fame contained, shall be to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His heirs and successors, and shall be applied, together with all other public monies not appropriated to any particular use, to and for all and every the uses, intents, and purposes of the annual acts for raising money to defray the .expenses of this government, except as herein-before is particularly directed.

15th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon all questions respecting the freedom or llavery of any individual arising in any court or before any magistrate in this colony, a duly certified copy of the registration of such individual in the books of the said registrar shall be received as fufncientprimd facie evidence of the slavery of such individual.

16th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurerof this island for the time being shall pay to the said registrar so to be appointed as aforesaid, out of any of the public monies in his hands, at and after the rate of two hundred pounds annually and every year, by four equal quarterly payments, during all such time as he shall hold and exercise the said office of registrar ; and the further sum of six hundred pounds current money of this island, when and at such times as he shall complete and produce to the commander in chief for the time being authenticated duplicates of the aforesaid books of registry.

17th. And

BARBADOES.

BARBADOES.

( 8 )

17th. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the fines, forfeitures, and penalties herein-before imposed, and for which the mode of recovery has not already been declared, shall be recovered on complaint to any justice of the peace, and the fame proceedings shall be had thereon as in the case of servants’ wages.

THE Return of A. B. of Slaves, the property of C. D. of which A. B. is

Manager.

Name. Sex. Colour. Employment. Age. Country.

Quash Male Negro Cooper 45 Barbadian.

Harriet Female Mulatto House Servant 30 Barbadian,

Quow Male Negro Watchman 5° African.

THE Return of A. B. of Slaves, his own property.

N«me. Sex. 4 Colour. Employment. Age, Country.

Kitty Ann -Bob - - Female Male Negro Negro Field Cooper - . - 36 40 Barbadian. Barbadian,

Read three times, and passed the General Assembly this seventeenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

J. R. , Clerk of General Assembly.

Read three times, and passed the Council unanimously this seventeenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

W. Husbands, Deputy Clerk of Council.

Return to the House of Assembly on the seventh day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen with alterations, and afiented to by the House the fame day. J. R. Phillip, Clerk of the General Assembly.

Assented to by his Honour the President the ninth day of January one thousand right hundred and seventeen.

W. Husbands, Dep. Sec. John Spooner.

( 9 )

JAMAICA fs.

No. 2.

An ACT for a more particular return of Slaves In this Island, and the enrolment thereof:

WHEREAS the legislature of this island is anxious to shew, by every means hi its power, the most sincere disposition to guard against any possible infringement of the laws for abolishing the slave trade, for the evasion of which the return of peace may be thought to afford facilities : And whereas a more partic ular return of the slaves in this island, than had hitherto been required by the laws heretofore passed for that purpose, and an enrolment thereof, may be advantageous: We, your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal subjeQs, the Assembly of this Your Majesty's island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Your Majesty’s island, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons who shall be present in this island on the twenty-eighth day of June next after the passing of this act, and shall then be in the possession of any Have or slaves within the same, whether as owner, mortgagee, trustee, guardian, executor, administrator, fequestrator, committee, receiver, assignee, lessee, attorney, agent, or otherwise howsoever, do and shall, on or before the twenty-eighth day of September then next, render in to the clerk of the vestry of the parish where such slave or slaves so possessed as aforesaid shall be considered to be most permanently settled, worked, or employed, a true and perfect lift or return in writing, or true and perfect lifts or returns in writing, of all and every slave and slaves so possessed by him, her, or them, and so settled, worked, or employed within such parish as aforesaid ; each and every of which lifts or returns shall specify in the first place the name or names of the possessor or possessors as aforesaid of the several slaves in such lift or return contained, and the character or capacity in which he, she, or they so possess the fame, whether as owner or otherwise as hereinbefore mentioned, and in all cases where such possession shall not be as owner, then also the name or names of the peTfon or persons for whom or for whose estates or interests such slaves are so possessed, and in words at length the total number of male slaves and the total number of female slaves contained in every such lift or return; and shall further specify in distinct columns, according to the form in the schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, the following particulars, beginning with the lift of males, and distinguishing them from the lift of femalesj that is to say, in the first of the said columns, and which shall be entitled “ Names," shall be inserted the name of such slave by which he or she has been usually called and known; in the second of the said columns, and which shall be entitled “ Colour," the colour of such slave, that is whether Negro, Sambo, Mulatto, Quadroon, or Muftie; in the third of the said columns, and which shall be entitled “ Age," the age or reputed age of such slave, according to the best of the knowledge or belief of the party, who shall make attestation on oath to the truth of such lift or return as herein-after mentioned ; in the fourth of the said columns, and which shall be entitled African or Creole," it shall be fhcwn whether such Have is an African or Creole, according to the best of the knowledge or belief or the party making attestation on oath to the truth of such lift or return as hereinafter mentioned ; and in the fifth of the said columns, and which shall be entitled “ Remarks," it shall be shewn opposite the name of each and every slave the name of the mother of such slave, if the mother be returned in the fame lift or return ; and in all cases where any slave or slaves shall at any time within three years next preceding the said twenty-eighth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have run away from thepoflfession of the party orparties making such return as aforesaid, or from the person or j>eifons whom or whose estateS they in any manner represent as aforesaid, to the best of the knowledge or belief of the party making attestation on oath to the truth of inch lift or return as herein-after mentioned, and still continue a runaway on the find

(a6.) C twenty-

JAMAICA.

JAMAICA.

( 10 )

twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, there shall — be dated the name and description of every such runaway slave as aforesaid, in like manner as of the other Haves to be included in such lid or return, and opposite to the name of every such runaway who (Hall then have been absent, and of every slave who maybe a runaway for the space of three months or upwards, then next preceding, shall be inserted in the raid column entitled “ Remarks* the word Runaway.”

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no person or persons in possession as tenant or tenants by parole only of any slave or Haves on the said twenty-eighth day of June, shall be bound to make such return of the lame, unless the person or persons from whom such slave or Haves are rented or hired shall then be an absentee and unrepresented in this island by attorney or agent authorized to receive the rent, in which cases the tenant or tenants shall be bound to make such return, but otherwise the person or persons hiring out such slave or Haves, his or their attorney or agent authorized to receive the rent, shall be bound to make such return; and in order to avoid as much as possible all irregularities or midakes in making such lids or returns, a diffident number of printed forms, according to the schedule A. hereunto annexed, shall be lodged in due time before the said twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, with the several clerks of the vedries throughout the island, and shall be delivered to all persons applying for the fame at a price not exceeding five-pence for each sheet, and which printed forms the receiver general is hereby authorized and required to provide at the expenle of this island; and the said clerks of the vedries are authorized and required not to receive any returns of Haves unless the fame, or the lad sheet of each and every such lids or returns when such lid or return shall confid of more than one sheet, shall be made upon one of such printed forms, and each preceding sheet shall contain the fame number of columns, and be headed in the same manner as such printed sheet.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several lids or returns of Haves as hereunto required, shall, before they are rendered to the several clerks of the vestry, be verified by the oath, or, where the party is a quaker, by the solemn affirmation, of the person, or one of the persons if there be more than one, making such return; and such oath or affirmation shall be made in writing and subscribed by the party making the same, and subjoined by the lid or return to which the fame refers \ and which oath or affirmation shall be to the form and effect following ; that is to say,

T A. B. do swear, or if a quaker solemnly affirm, That the above lid and return

confiding of (here insert the number of sheets) sheets, is a true, perfect, and

complete lid and return, to the bed of my knowledge and belief, in every par-‘ ticular therein mentioned, of all and every slave and slaves possessed by me,

(here insert the name of any joint possessor) as (owner, mortgagee, &c. as the

case may be, and where the possession is held otherwise than as owner, add the

name of the person for whom or for whose estate or intered such possession is held)

considered as mod permanently settled, worked, or employed in the parish of

on the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and

seventeen, without fraud, deceit, or evasion. So help me GOD.*

Which oath or affirmation shall be made before any judge of the supreme or other of the assize courts of this island, or any judice of the peace for the parish for which the return is intended, and such judge and judices respectively are hereby authorized and required to adminider the fame.

And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall be present in this island on the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and in every third succeeding year, and shall then be in possession of any slave or Haves within the same, whether as ownet, mortgagee, trustee, guardian, executor, administrator, fequedrator, committee, receiver, assignee, lessee, attorney, agent, or otherwise howsoever, do and shall, on or before the twenty*

, .eighth day of September then next ensuing, render in to the clerk of the vestry ,. 3 of'

( II )

of the parish where such Have or slaves so possessed shall be considered to be moil permanently settled, worked, or employed, a true and perfect lift or return in writing, according to the schedule marked B. hereunto annexed, which shall state in the first place the total of males and females contained in the last return, and shew the increase and decrease, if any there be, in the lame; and shall state the name of every Have constituting part of such increase and decrease, beginning with the males, and distinguishing where the lift of males ends and the lift of females begins, and the colour, reputed age, and whether African or Creole, in the columns so respectively entitled; and in the column entitled “ Remarks” the names of the mothers of children, of both mother and child, are in the fame lift; and as to any runaways for more than three months, then next preceding the word “ Runaway ;” and further, in the case of increase, such return shall state in the column entitled “ Increase,*’ and cause thereof, whether the increase has been by births, acquisitions, or removal from any other parish, or the coming back of old runaways; and in case of births, then the names of the mothers shall be specified respectively opposite to the names of the children born ; and in case the fame shall be by acquisition, then it shall be stated opposite to the name of every such Have in the said increase column, in whose name, and in what particular lift or return such acquired Have flood enrolled at the last preceding period for making returns under this act, or if born since, then in whose name and in what particular lift or return the mother of such newly-acquired Have flood enrolled at that period, or should such acquisition have been made of any Have or slaves lawfully imported into this island since the last return, then it shall be stated in the said increase column that the fame was or were so imported, and the port or place at which such importation was made, and the name of the vessel and master ; and if such increase should be by removal merely from any other parish of this island, the Have being in the fame possession, then such removal shall be mentioned in the increase columns, with the name of the parish from whence removed; and should such increase have been by the coming back of any runaway who may have been abl'ent above three years, then in the said increase column such coming back of such runaway shall be specified j and in case of decrease, such return shall state in the column entitled “ Decrease,” and cause thereof, opposite the name of every such Have constituting a part of such decrease, whether the fame shall have been by death, grant, sale, or manumission, or by removal to any other parish in the fame possession, naming the parish, or by the lapse of three years since the first running away of any Have Handing enrolled in the last preceding return for the same person or persons, or estate; and at the foot of every such return required by this clause, there shall be stated in distinct lines the total number of slaves in possession on the twenty-eighth day of June, in the year for such return, shall be made also, in like manner, the total number of births and of deaths since the last return; and the fame shall be verified by the oath (or in case of a quaker, by his affirmation) of the person, or one of the persons if there be more than one, making such return, to be subscribed by the party, and subjoined to the said return, and to be made and taken in the form and manner, and before the like judges and justices, as already enacted with respect to the verification of returns to be made for the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen ; and every such return so to be made on the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and at any succeeding period for making the triennial returns required by this clause, if made for any person or persons or estate for whom there shall have been no prior return made, shall be in every particular, as near as circumstances will admit, in like manner as the return in respect to increase for or on account of any person or estate for whom a former return shall have been made.

Provided always. That tenants by parole of any Have or slaves fhalf not be bound to make the triennial returns required by this clause, except as before excepted in the first clause of this act; but all such triennial returns required by this clause in respect to slaves so held by parole, shall be made as required i n respect to the return to be made for such fjaves on the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, by the said first clause of this act.

JAMAICA.

JAMAICA.

( 1» )

and in order to avoid as much as pofibie all irregularities and miftafces in «»irW - such triennial returns as are required by this dause, the receiver general ffcaU provide, at the expense of this island, asufficient number of primed forms, according to the schedule marked B. hereunto annexed, to be lodged in convenient tfrnie before the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and so before the twenty-eighth day of June in every succeeding period of three years,’ when such returns are to be made, with the several clerks of the vestries, and which {hall be delivered to all persons applying for the fame, at a price not exceeding five-pence for each sheet; and the clerks of the veilries are not to receive any returns of slaves as by this clause required, unless the fame on the lad sheet of every such lids or returns, if such lid or return shall confid of more than one sheet, shall be made upon one of such printed forms, and each preceding sheet shall contact the fame number of columns, and be headed in the same manner as such printed sheet.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fird and triennial return required to be made according to the provisions of this act of the slaves belonging to the Crown and employed about the person of the governor, shall be made and verified on the oath of the private secretary of the governor or lieutenant governor, or person so executing for the time being the functions of governor, under a penalty of one hundred pounds.

And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any clerk of the vediy, under a penalty of five hundred pounds, to receive any fird return or giving m required by this act after the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or any triennial return after the twenty-eighth day of September in the year in which such triennial return shall fall due, except as hereinafter next mentioned and provided.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in such case where it shall be made appear on oath, to the satisfaction of the judices and vedry in vedry assembled, at any meeting to be called for the purpose by the cudos or chief magistrate, if necessary, at any time on or before the thirty-fird day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in respect to the fird returns to be made under this act, or on or before the thirty-fird day of December in any year in which any triennial return shall fall due, in respect to such triennial return, that through inadvertence or unavoidable cause there happened to be no return, or a defective return, it shall and may be lawful for the judices and vedry to order the clerk of the vedry then to receive every such return, or to amend every such defective return.

And be it further enacted, That every clerk of the vedry shall indorse on every return the actual date of its being filed or lodged with him, and such returns(haH be deemed a public record, and to that purpose his office shall be taken to be a public office of record, and such records shall be under the fame protection from embezzlement, erasure, and injury, as the records in the secretary’s office are by law protected; besides which, if such injury shall arise from the negligence or mifeondud of the clerk of the vedry, he shall incur and suffer the penalty of fin hundred pounds for each offence, and be incapable of holding his office.

And be it further enacted, That every clerk of the vedry, under the penalty of five hundred pounds and incapacity from holding his office, shall, by the fird day of February one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, cause the said fird returns required by this act $ and by the fird day of February in each year next after the triennial returns are required to be made into his office, cause all and every such triennial returns received into his office to be fairly and faithfully copied in a neat manner, and as closely as convenient; at the end of which he shall annex an affidavit, to be taken and sworn before any judge of the supreme court, or of either of the assize courts, or of any judice of the peace for the parish in which such return Is made, who are respectively hereby authorized and required to adminider aft oath in that respect, that such copy has been carefully copied, examined with the original returns, and is a faithful and true copy thereof, to the bed of deponent’s

endeavour,

C ‘3 )

endeavour, knowledge, and belief; and shall also annex to such copy a correct alphabet of the names of the persons for whom the return is intended, and at the top and on the back of such return shall (late for what parish and for what year it is the return; which copy so prepared the said clerk of the vestry, under the penalty and incapacity last-mentioned, shall, on or before the twentieth day of February one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, for the first returns, and on or before the twentieth day of February in each year next after the triennial returns are required to be made in respect to such triennial returns, transmit and .cause to be carefully delivered to or at the office of the secretary of this island, when such-authenticated copy shall be forthwith entered and recorded in a book or books to be separately kept for that purpose, in the manner that other instruments are there recorded and kept.

And be it further enacted, That the said secretary shall, under the penalty of five hundred pounds, on or before the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in respect to the firil returns, and on or before the twenty-eighth day of June in each year next after the triennial returns are required to be made in respect of such triennial returns, fully record, and shall thereafter, and after having certified at the back thereof that the fame have been recorded by him, and the day when received and entered at his office, deliver in all such authentic copies so received from the clerks of the vestries to or at the office of the secretary of the govemor,^>erfon executing the functions of governor, to be transmitted to His Majesty’s secretary of (late for the colonial department.

And be it further enacted, That an extract or copy from any original re urn under this act of record in the vestry office, certified under the hand of the clerk of the vestry himself, personally, or an extract or copy of any return made under this act from the record thereof in the secretary’s office, and certified under the hand of the secretary or person officiating for him, or by the oath of a witness who had compared the extract or copy with the original return in the vestry office, or with the record thereof in the secretary’s office, shall be admitted in all courts and places as legal evidence, to the extent to the original itself would go.

And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who is or are required by this act to make a return of slave or slaves in his or their possession as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect so to do, within the time directed or allowed for the fame, whereby any Have or Haves shall be omitted to be duly returned in the first return, or any subsequent triennial return pursuant to this act, every person so offending shall for each and every slave who ought to have been returned, and of whom no return has been made, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case of such person or persons acting in any representative character, making such default or omission, he, she, or they shall, besides the said penalty, make good to the real owner of such slave or Haves any damages and loss thereby sustained.

: And be it further enacted, That such penalty of one hundred pounds shall be recoverable by action of debt commenced in the supreme court, but the issue therein to be tried in the county where the cause of action shall arise, and when recovered shall be applied one half to the prosecutor, and the other half to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this island, and the contingent charges thereof.

And be it further enacted, That upon judgment being recovered for such penalty, an information shall be filed in office by His Majesty’s attorney general, in and for the next succeeding grand court, against the Have or Haves for the omission of whose return such penalty shall have been recovered, but the issue joined therein to be tried in the county where the cause of such action arose, as and for an importation of African Haves, contrary to the said abolition laws, and the record of such judgment shall be sufficient evidence to maintain the said information; and to every such information so filed as aforesaid,it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons, against whom the judgment for such penalty has been recovered, to take the defence in his or their own name or names, or in the name or names of the person or persons for whom he, she, or they held possession of the Have or Haves left unreturned as aforesaid, or for futph person or persons for whom possef-(a6.) D fion

JAMAICA.

JAMAICA.

14 )

fob yr& held to take the defence in Tils, he'fdr their idfKfriMb

“to plead not guilty v and thereunder to prove that theflirife dt flavris mdti&Bft the fetid. information was not or were not imported irite' diisr island tohtntff W the said abolition laws.

And be it further enacted, That in case the defence to the said information fh£H not have been taken as aforesaid during the court for which tfrefame' istdied, tfid laidinformation {hall be continued over until the next grand court, in which coil ft ft {hall and may be lawful for any person claiming any eftaie or interest in tMf fjdd Have or slaves included in the said information, either m reversion dr remaifldd Or other estate expectant, upon the determination of the estatedf the perfoft fdt whose interest the possession of such Have or slaves was held, or any" mortgagee <ff the said Have or slaves, or any judgment creditor of the person or perfods Or estate for whose interest such possession was held, to take the defence of stich information, by leave of the judges of the said supreme court; afld it fhdll be- lawful for the person so taking the defence of the said information to plead* ndt guilty thereto, and thereunder to prove that the said slave or slaves included-therein was or were not imported contrary to the said abolition laws; and Was or Were futtje& to such right, title, or interest as they claim therein;

And be it further enacted, That if upon the trial of ady such ififortharioiii$ aforesaid, a verdict {hall be found and judgment thereupon given' for the defenflSJit, the slave or slaves included in the said information, or such or so many of theft for which such verdict and judgment for the defendant {hall be found and jrrVetr, {hill be held and enjoyed in the fame estate as before the trial of the said information, and the original return and the record theredf {hall thereupon be amended, pr a new return made thereof, and recorded, as need may be, under an order of the judges of the court in which the issue was tried: Provided always, that when it ihafl appear that the person or persons for whose interest possession of such slave or slaves was held, was entitled to the fame under a particular estate only, and 'the defence of the said information {hill have been taken Under the proviso afore* said, by the person or persons rtext in reversion, or remainder, orexpe&ancy, such person or persons {hall forfeit his or their particular estate, right, title, or interest in the said slave or slaves, and the fame {hall immediately veil in the perfoti or persons in reversion, or remainder, or expectancy, as if such reversion, remainder, or expectancy had vested in possession in them in due course of law.

And be it further enacted, That if judgment for the crown be had in such information, by default or verdict, the slave or slaves who shall be the fubjject thereof shall be headed and disposed of as if they had been imported contrary to the abolition laws aforesaid and under the regulations of the said laws ; and for that purpose, the judges of the supreme court, or justices of assize, shall give notice to the governor or person executing the functions of governor, as loon aft fu<h verdict or judgment for the crown shall have passed, and shall make such order for the production and delivery over, if needful, of the flkVe or Haves the subject thereof, as to them shall seem expedient and rteceflity may rfeqiiiffe.

And be it further enacted, That the secretary of this island shall be paid by’file public for recording the authentic copies of the returns aforesaid, alt and after’file rate he is entitled to charge for recording the deeds, and by the perfdh re^tifrfhg the fame, for every copy or extract at and after the rate he is now entitled tochdrge /dr cdpies and extfe&s of deeds out of his office; and every clerk of the vestry fliatl in like manner b'epftid by the public at and aftet the rate of one {hilling apd eight-pence for every one hundred sixty words, every figure to be counted a word, /or making the authenticated copy or copies of returns hereby requited ; and for filing such original returns, and granting a receipt for the fame, which he is "hereby required to give to the party muring the return, if demanded, the firm of one {killing ind three-pence, and by the party requiring a copy or extract at the fluke rate is kl lowed tb the secretary for‘fuch copies andextrads.

And, whereas it may happen that omiffiofis or irregularities may occyr in respect to such returns as by this act required, through accident or ‘unavoidable , unpedrnjent, and for the ferifedying of which, under certain drcmnstances, it may be expedient to allow fotne further time after the said thirty-first day of t^do^er one thousand eight hundred and sevenfeen, in respect to the first returns to be

made

H )

made under this act, and after the thirty-first day of October in any year in which any triennial return is to be made; be it further enacted, That if any person or persons required to make a retun>\of (flaywor. flpv« under this act, or any person or persons for whose account or interest a return of any Have or Haves ought to have been made, shall apply by petition, to the governor, lieutenant .goveiimr, or person executing the functions of governor, and make it appear tonis satisraaion that the non-delfvery of jmy'ftion return, or a^ ewiii^r^ihrPBg^la^kyi rfierp^, if any rtVortirittftMmVfe been rendered, has arisen from accidfpt oar. some unavoidable impediment, or from some other cause which may appear to him as at fytiffaftory ground for complying with the request of the party to have such omission or irregularity r edified, and mat the fame'has not arifep from any witful delayer-default, the said governor, lieutenant governor, or person executing the functions of! governor, at stfiy tittle on or before the thirty.firfh day of December in the,year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen in respect to the first returns required to be made by this act, and at any time on or before the rhirty-frrft day of December in any year next succeeding that in which the triennial returns are Required to be made in respect to such triennial returns, may make an order in, Writing, subscribed by him and addressed to the clerk of the vestry of the parish to which such return shall properly belong, commanding him to receive such omitted #etum or amended return, as the case may be, and to keep the fame together with die said order to him addressed, as a record in his office ; and the said clerk of the Vestry shall, within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, transmit a copy of fuchT return, and also of the said order, to the office of the secretary of this island, attested in like manner as is required for the copy of the original returns of his parish ; and the secretary of the island shall record the fame, and transmit such copy by him received, within fourteen days after his receipt thereof, with the date of his receipt and inrolment thereof indorsed by him, to the office of the governor’s secretary, to be forwarded to His Majesty’s secretary of state for the colonist! department, in like manner as the copy of the former returns of the same parish : Provided always, that all expenses of receiving, recording, and copying such bmitted or amended return, and the order for receiving the fame, shall be paid b the party applying for and obtaining such order to the respective officers entitled to the fame, at the fame rates herein-befoie established for such proceedings in the first instance.

And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any omission or irregularity has been certified as aforesaid, according to the powers herein-before given in such respects, any party against whom any prosecution shall be pending for a forfeiture on account of such omission or irregularity, when judgment shall not have bee^ actually executed, and any defendant to any information filed as aforesaid, whereupon judgment shall not already have passed for the crown, may apply to the supreme court of judicature^ and such court shall and may make an order for the flaying or discontinuing or vacating of such proceedings, upon payment by the party applying of the full costs out of purse, as well of the informant as of the ^ crown, if any incurred.

And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall knowingly and wilfully .make any false oath or affirmation to any of the matters or things by this act required to be so verified, or shall so corruptly procure or subornany person or persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such oath or affirmation, shall, on being duly convicted thereof, fiiffer such puntthment as is iniflifted by the laws of England for such offences.

And be it further enacted, That the several penalties hereby imposed, the recovery whereof is not already provided for, shall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information commenced in the supreme court, and the issue tried in the county where the cause of action shall arise, wherein no efloign, wager of law, or non vult ulterius prosequi shall be allowed, one half of which penalties shall g9 to the informer, or him, her, or them who shall sue for the same, and the other moiety to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this island, and the contingent charges thereof.

And be it further enacted, That all returns, receipts, papers, and proceedings '’whutfeevet, made necessiuy by this act, shall be exempt from all (lamp duty.

SCHEDULE

JAMAICA.

)

SCHEDULE A.

Jamaica fe.

A RETURN of Slaves in the Parish of in the possession of

as on the day of in the year of our

Lord

Names. Colour. Age. African or Creole. REMARKS.

Mali* Females -

Males. Females.

Total.

T A. B. do swear, [or, if a Quaker, solemnly affirm] that the above Lift and Return, confi fling of ffieets, is a true, perfect, and complete

Lift and Return to the bell of my knowledge and belief in every particular therein mentioned, of all and every Have and slaves possessed by me as considered as most permanently settled, worked, or employed in the parish of on the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, without fraud, deceit, or evasion. So help me GOD.

Sworn before me, this day of

SCHEDULE

JAMAICA.

( 17 )

SCHEDULE B.

JAMAICA ft.

A RETURN of Slaves in the Parish of in the possession of

as on the day of in the year of our Lord

T : — 1 ~ Males by last Return. Females.

Total by last Returns.

1 Names. Colour. Age. African or Creole. REMARKS. Increase, and cause thereof. Decrease, and cause thereof.

» Males Females

INCREA8K Decrease

f Number of i \ day of Saves on the

Births since last Return. Deaths since last Return*

T A. B. do swear for if a Quaker, solemnly affirm], that the above Lift and - Return, confiding of Iheets, is a true, perfect, and complete Lift

and Return, to thie belt of my knowledge and belief in every particular therein mentioned, of all and every Have and Haves possessed by me as , considered

as roost permanently settled, worked, or employed in the parish of on

the day of in the year of our Lord

without fraud, deceit, or evafton. So help me GOD.

Sworn before me this day

of

Passed the Council this 4th day of December 1816.

IV. Bullock,

Clerk Committee.

(26.)

I consent, this 1 rth December 1816.

Manchester,

Passed the Assembly this 29th day of November i8i<$.

James Lewis,

Speaker.

Vera copia exteu.

Wm. Bullock, See.

( »* )

JAMAICA fs.

No.

An Act m furtherance of the Provisionsof the Abolition Law* within this island.

JAMAICA. WHEREAS by an act of the British parliament, passed in the forty-seventh year

-----of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled “ An Act for the abolition of the flare*

trade,’* the African slave-tjade, and all dealing in the purchase or sale of slaves or other persons intended to be used or dealt with as such, in, to, at, or from Africa, or any iflaad, country, territory, or place in the West Indies ox America, not belonging to his Majesty, was abolished, prohibited, and declared unlawful: And whereas by another act of the said British parliament, patted In the fifty-full year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled ‘ An Act for rendering more eneftual an act made in the forty-seventh year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, “ An for the abolition of the slave-trade," the carrying on the said trade, or being engaged therein in the ways therein mentioned, was declared to be felony, and punishable as such according to law: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty’s island of Jamaica ; and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That it was and is unlawful to buy or fell in this island, or to hold in favery there, any African or other person or persons who after the patting of the said first-receited act was or were imported into this island Contrary to the intent and meaning of the said act, if any such ever was or were so imported into this island.

And be it further enacted, That no estate, right, title, property, or interest whatsoever, at law or in equity, of, in, or to any African or other person or persons unlawfully imported from and after the passing of this act (if any such there shall happen to be), can, shall, or may accrue to or veil in any person or persons whomsoever, or be created or transferred, or pass by sale or mortgage, gift, grant, or other voluntary alienation, or by judgment at law, decree, or execution, or by marriage, succession, inheritance, will, devise, administration, or otherwise how-fbever; and that every such will or other tnftrument, whereby any such African or other person or persons shall be conveyed, devised, transferred, or disposed of, or otherwise attempted so to be, or wherein the fame shall be mentioned or comprehended as a Have or slaves, shall be, as to such African or other person or persons, and the i#ue of the females of such African or other person or persons, utterly void and of none effect.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully keep, hold, or detain, or attempt to keep, hold, or detain, in flaivery, or treat as a Have, any African or other person unlawfully imported as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully hire, employ, harbour, or entertain, or in anywise have in his, her, or their possession, or fuflfer to remain or abide cm his, her, nr their settlement or property, or on any settlement or property m Ms, her, or their possession, or under his, her, or their care or management, as attorney, agent, executor, administrator, guardian, mortgagee in possession, trustee, overseer, or otherwise, any such African or other person or persons as aforesaid j every such person so offending shall, on conviction, forfeit for every African, or other person the subject of such offence, the sum of one hundred and forty pounds current money of this island j one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of this island* and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall inform and prosecute for the lame; and Audi also he committed to the common gaal for any time not exceeding twelve months.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the patting of this act it may and shall be lawful for any one of his Majesty’s justice# of the peace in any of the parishes or prednfts of this island, upon information,

complaint,

19 )

amaplsfot, or fofofoio* verified by til# affidavit of one or more credible wUoeis or witnesses, to his, her, or their knowledge or belief, to be sworn "before any of his Majesty’s justices of the peace, or any judge or judges of the supreme or aflire courts of this Sfland. that any African or other person or persons unlawfully imported as aforesaid is or are hired, employed, harboured, or entertained by, or is or are in anywise in the possession of any person or persons, or suffered to remain or abide on any fetdement or property belonging to or in the possession or under the care or management of any person or persons as before mentioned, in his respective parish or precmft, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, to anociate with hirafelf "two other justices of the peace of the same parish or pTecinft, who together shall inquire into the grounds of the said information or complaint, or of the suspicion as aforesaid; and in case such information or complaint, or such ftrf-pidon, {hall appear to be probable and wdl founded, {hall cause the person or persons informed against or complained of, or so suspeded,to be summoned, to be and appear before them at some time and place in such summons to be specftied, to answer to such information or complaint, or to be examined on the fabied of such suspicion as aforesaid, and also all other persons necessary to give evidence concerning the matters charged in such information or complaint, or the fubied: of such suspicion as aforesaid, to be examined touching their knowledge of the fame; and the person or persons so informed against, complained of, or suspected, shall be enjoined and commanded by the said summons to produce at the same time and place before such justices so associated, all and every or any such African or other person or persons as he, {he, or they {hail have an his, her, or their possession, as a Have or flares, or hired, employed, harboured, or entertained by him, her, or them, or in anywise abiding or being on his, her, or their fetdement or property, or on any fectlement or property m his, her, or their possession in the right of any ocher person, or under his, her, or their care or management ob aforesaid $ and in case it {hall appear on such examination and inquiry as aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the £ud justices, that such African or other person or persons hath or have been unlawfully imparted from Africa or elsewhere, contrary to any of the prohibitions or provisions in this act or the said recited acts contained, and have been fold or dispoied of within die said island as a {lave or Haves, or placed, detained, laid kept in a forte of slavery, such African or other slave or flayes shall, for the purpose ci condemnation merely, be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be unlawfully imported Haves, and be liable to forfeiture in such and the lame way as if they had been proceeded against and adjudged liable to forfeiture under the said first-recited act; and the said justices {hall accordingly proceed to condemn such African or other Have or slaves as forfeited to his Majesty, nevertheless for such purposes only as are mentioned and contained in the said first-recked ad concerning Haves and natives of Africa seized and condemned under the provisions of that ad.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person against whom any such information {hall be laid, and who {hall be summoned as aforesaid, {hall keep his or her gates {hut, or shall keep him or herfeif out of the way, or secrete him or herfeif so that the officer directed to execute the said summons {hall not be able to serve the fame personally, the affixing a copy thereof to the gate, or the leaving out such copy at the dweffing-houfr of such person, {hall (due proof thereon being made upon affidavit) be taken as a fervke thereof, mid be deemed to be as good and valid in the law as if the original thereof had been exhibited to the person named therein.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it may and shall be lawful for the three justices of the peace associated as aforesaid, in calfy such person or persons informed against, complained of, or suspeded as aforesaid, shall not appear before them at the time and place required by the summons aforesaid, upon aue proof on oath being made of the service thereof as aforesaid, to issue their warrant to the provost marffial or Ms lawful deputy, or any lawful constable, for the apprehending and bringing before them such person or persons, or to proceed in the examination of and adjudication upon the information or complaint in the

ab fence

JAMAKA'

JAMAICA.

( *° )

absence of the party complained of as aforesaid, as in their discretion (hatt seem fit.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein any such African or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall be refused or neg-le&ed to be brought before the three justices associated in the maimer before directed, by any person or persons hiring, employing, harbouring, or entertaining, or having such African or other person or persons in his, her, or their possession, or fullering such African or other person or persons to remain or abide in his, her, or their settlement or property, or on any settlement or property in his, her, or their possession in the right of any other person, or under his, her, or their care or management, when required so to do by any summons as aforesaid, or otherwise commanded by such justices as aforesaid, it may and {hall be lawful for the said justices, and they are hereby required, to ifiiie their warrant for the apprehending and bringing before them all such African or other person or persons as aforesaid, concerning whom such information or complaint as aforesaid {hall have been made, or such suspicion as aforesaid {hall lie, or who {hall in anywise appear to such justices to be on any settlement or property belonging to any such person or persons as aforesaid, or in his, her, or their possession, or under his, her, or their care or management, which warrant {hall be directed to the provost marihal or any of his lawful deputies or any lawful constable, who are hereby directed and enjoined to execute the fame.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per* fons {hall not on demand made open his, her, or their gates to any deputy marihal or any constable charged with any such warrant as aforesaid, it {hall and may be lawful for any such deputy marihal or constable (but nevertheless in the presence and under the direction of a justice of the peace) to break open the fame gates, in order to apprehend any African or other person or persons concerning whom such information or complaint as aforesaid {hall have been made, or such suspicion shall lie, and such person or persons shall forfeit each the sum of one hundred and forty pounds for every African or other person or persons so proved to have been hired, employed, harboured, or entertained by or in anywise in his, her, or their possession, or suffered to remain or abide on his, her, or their settlement or property, or cm any settlement or property in or under his, her, or their possession, care, or management in the right of any other person, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and who shall not be produced as herein-before directed, and in case any person or persons shall otherwise refill any such officer in apprehending and taking up any such African or other person or persons as aforesaid, under the authority hereby given and according to the meaning of this act, every such person so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred and forty pounds for every such offence; and the justices aforesaid are hereby authorized and empowered to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county wherein the offence shall have been committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he, she, or they shall have duly paid the several penalties incurred as aforesaid, which penalties shall be to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this island.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to prevent any doubts arising whether the aforesaid mentioned proceedings under the authority of this act shall be considered as a criminal or a civil proceis, and in order to sustain the legality of any warrant issued to apprehend or commit such person or persons as shall offend herein, it is hereby declared, that every such proceis is and shall be taken to be of a criminal nature; and that any such particular description as shall be sufficient to ascertain the person of any such African or other person or persons unlawfully imported as aforesaid, or to discriminate such from any others, shall be deemed a sufficient specification of any such African or other person or persons in any warrant issued under and by virtue of this act: Provided always, that if any levy be made or judicial or mesne process executed in any civil cause, on occasion of the execution of any warrant issued by virtue of this act, every such levy, and the execution of every such proceis, {hall be null and void to all intents and purposes; and that every person making such levy, or executing

( *» )

curing or attempting to execute any such process, shall be liable to answer for the fame in damages to the party aggrieved thereby. “

. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in any proceedings under the authority of this act it shall be lawful for the parties the subjects thereof, if desirous of so doing, to appeal from the decision of any justice of the peace, associated as aforesaid, before whom shall have been tried any question touching any African or other person or persons held or detained in slavery as aforesaid, to the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person exercising the functions of governor for the time being of this island, in council, on giving notice to that effect to such justices within the space of fourteen days next after such decision shall be made; and such justices are hereby required, oh receiving such notice to transmit or cause to be transmitted forthwith true copies of all such examinations mid proceedings as have been had and taken in any such question, certified under their respective hands and seals, to the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person exercising the functions of governor; whereupon he shall cause notice to be served upon the person or persons claiming any such African, or other person or persons as aforesaid, and all other proper and necessary parties to appear before him in council, together with such African or other person or persons, for examination by an early day, to be for that purpose appointed ; and the said governor, lieu-tenant-governor, or person exercising the functions of governor, in council, shall make such orders and regulations as shall seem meet and expedient for safe custody, and disposal, and support of any such African or other person or persons, the fuhjed of any such question as aforesaid, until the fame shall be finally determined, and shall afterwards examine into the decision of the said justices, and shall make such order therein as shall seem just and proper.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall be summoned to appear as a witness in pursuance of this act, and who shall fail to appear at the time and place set forth in such summons as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall, upon due proof upon oath being made of the service thereof, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every person, who shall bond fide attend, or be bond fide on his way to attend, or on his return from attending any justice or justices of the peace by virtue of any summons for any of the purposes of this act, shall be entitled to and receive the like privilege from arrest or detention under any civil process whatsoever, as any suitor, party, or witness attending any court is by law entitled to receive; and if therefore any person shall be so arrested or detained, any judge of the supreme court of judicature of this island, or justice of assize, on its being made to appear to his fads-faction that such person so arrested or detained did bond fide attend, or was fide on his way to attend, or on his return from attending any justice or justices of the peace by virtue of any summons for any of the purposes of this act, shall and be and is hereby required forthwith to discharge the person so arrested or detained.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person so summoned as a witness, or who shall appear voluntarily before the said justices as a witness, and shall thereafter refuse to be examined upon oath touching the matters and things in question before such justices, they the said justices are hereby authorized and empowered to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county wherein the offence shall have been committed, as for a contempt of court, for a period not exceeding three months.

And be -it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person io summoned or appearing before the said justices to give evidence as aforesaid {hall on examination be guilty of any selfe or wilful prevaricating, he or they being (thereof lawfully convicted (nail incur and suffer the pains and penalties inflicted by lav? on such persons as shall commit, or shall suborn any person to commit, ju<ila\yful and corrupt perjury.

F And

JAMAICA.

JAMAICA.

( « )

And be. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after any condemnation of any African, or other person or persons unlawfully imported as aforesaid, under the provisions of the said recited acts or of this present act, the justices by whom such condemnation shall be made shall certify the fame to the governor, or person exercising the functions of governor, of this island, to the end that such African or other person or persons unlawfully imported may be dealt with according to the provisions of the said first-receited act in such cases.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act it shall not be lawful for any negro arriving in any ship or vessel from any port without the said island, in any port or place within the lame, otherwise than as herein-after is mentioned and permitted, to land without a permit m writing from the naval officer or his deputy of such port where the ship or vessel shall have arrived (except such seafaring negroes as shall be bond fide employed as mariners on board such ship or vessel), on pain, if free, of being liable to be apprehended by any of his Majesty’s subjects, and of being committed, by any justice of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, to close confinement in any of the gaols of this island for any period not exceeding three months, or if not free, of being committed by any justice to the nearest public workhouse, and to be there kept for safe custody and protection for a space of time not less than three months, and for the purpose of further proceedings in their behalf, as they shall seem expedient, and circumstances may require; and in all such cases the like reward and charges shall be allowed to all persons taking up any such negro or negroes so transgressing, as are allowed for taking up runaways by the laws now in force respecting runaway (laves.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the master or commander of any ship, vessel, or boat which shall arrive in any port of this island from any port without the fame (except any ship, vessel, or boat of His Majesty) shall immediately on his arrival declare upon oath in writing to the naval officer or his deputy of such port, whether there is or are to the best of his knowledge any negro or negroes, or any (laves on board his vessel not being a negro or negroes or slave or slaves bond fide belonging to his said vessel, and employed in navigating the fame; and in his said declaration mall specify the number and sex or sexes of such negroes and such (laves, if any there be on board his said vessel, the place or places where they were taken on board ; and in case, of (laves the name or names of their respective owners or proprietors ; and such further particulars concerning them and each of them as shall have come to his knowledge; and shall also at the same time render on oath to the said naval officer or his deputy an account and lid in writing of all such seafaring negroes and (laves on board the said ship, vessel, or boat, as belong thereto, and are employed in navigating the fame.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mailer or commander of any such ship, vessel, or boat so arriving as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make such declaration on oath, or to render such account and lift on oath as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred and forty pounds for each and every such negro or other slave who shall have been on board at the time of the arrival of such mip, vessel, or boat as aforesaid$ one moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty His heirs, and successors, for the support of the government of this island, and the other moiety to the informer or informers who shall sue for the same, to be recovered before any two magistrates acting in and for the parish in which such offence shall have been committed ; and that it shall be lawful for the collector and comptroller of the customs of the port, and of the naval officer or his deputy, where such ship, vessel, or boat shall have arrived, and they are hereby required and enjoined, to detain such ship, vessel, or boat as aforesaid, until the fame shall have been paid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any master or commander of any such ship, vessel, or boat arriving in any port of this island from any port without the fame, to land or suffer to be lauded any negroe or negroes, or any slave or slaves not being a negroe or

( *3 )

negroes, Have or slaves, bond fide belonging to the said ship, and employed in navigating the fame (in which case all such negroes and slaves shall be under— the regulations and restrictions herein-before provided and declared for seafaring negroes and slaves employed in navigating vessels to and from this island), without a permit in writing from the naval officer or his deputy, of such port where he {hall have arrived, under the pain of forfeiting the sum of one hundred and forty pounds for every such negro or slave so landed; one moiety of which penalty shall be to His Majesty, His heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this island, and the other moiety to the informer who {hall sue for the same, and of differing the further punishment of im* prisonraent, not exceeding twelve months, without bail or mainprize, in the common gaol, on conviction of such offence before any three magistrates of the parish or precind wherein it {hall be committed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such mailer or commander, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any false and wilful prevaricating in taking the oath aforesaid, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or fubom any person to take the said oath falsely, he or {he being thereof duly convicted {hall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all'such persons as {hall commit wilful perjury, or shall procure or fubom any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the naval officer or his lawful deputy of the several ports of this island shall be entitled, for taking the declaration of the mailer or commander of any ship, vessel, or boat, and the account and Ii(l as aforesaid, and for administering the several oaths by this act required (which oaths they or either of them are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and for making out and granting the permit in writing for landing any such negro or negroes, or slave or slaves as aforesaid, to demand a fee of ten millings for every such negro or slave so permitted to be landed, to be paid by the person applying for the fame, before such negro or negroes, slave or slaves, {hall be landed; which fees {hall be in full compensation to such naval officer and his deputies for the additional duty imposed on them by this act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the naval officer or his deputy of the several ports of this island {hall not grant to any mailer or commander of any ship, vessel, or boat so arriving as aforesaid, any permit before such declaration on oath has been made by the mailer as is herein-before mentioned, under the penalty of one hundred and forty pounds for every negro or other slave, to be recovered in the supreme court or either of the courts of assize in this island j such penalty to be to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the goverement of this island.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any attempt {hall be made by any person or persons fraudulently and clandestinely to land any negro or negroes, or any slave or slaves, from on board any ship or vessel in any port, harbour, bay, or creek, or elsewhere on the sea-coad of this island, contrary to the said recited acts or this present act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty’s subjects, and he and they is and are hereby required to seize and apprehend any such negro or negroes, slave or slaves, and to carry him and them before the neared magistrate, who shall associate with himself two other judices of the fame precind, and who together {hall examine into the fad of such attempt to land such negro or negroes, slave or slaves ; and on due proof thereof (unless the fame {hall well artd satisfactorily appear to have been caused by flupwreck or other unavoidable or irreflflible necessity), the said judices {hall forthwith adjudge and condemn such negro or negroes as unlawfully imported slaves, and as forfeited to the crown in the manner and for the purposes before directed in respect to natives of Africa, or others, unlawfully obtained in slavery, and condemned as slaves, forfeited to His Majesty by virtue of the said recited acts and of this present ^ad.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any; African or other person or persons {hall be finally condemned as slaves to His

JAMAICA.

JAMAICA.

( *4 )

Majesty’s use under the provisions of this act, there frail be paid by the re* - ceiver-general of this Island, or his lawful deputy, to the person or periods who shall inform against any one offending against the fame, so as to .lead to his or her conviction, the sum of fifty pounds of current money of this island, for every African or other person that frail be so condemned as aforesaid ; and the said justice frail, upon every such condemnation being made under the authority of this act, issue an order under their respective hands and seals, directed to the {aid receiver-general, or his lawful deputy, for the payment of all such sura and Aims of money by way of bounty as aforesaid, to which the person or persons therein* named frail or may be respectively entitled.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance and under the authority of this act, such action or prosecution frail be commenced within three months next the offence shall have been committed, and that the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general issue “ not guilty,” and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and under the authority of this act; and if the fame frail appear to have been so done, that the jury frail find a verdict for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs frail become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, hex, or their action, or if a verdict frail pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ frail be filed outAagainst, nor any copy of any procels at the suit of a subject shall be served (many judice of the peace, or any person acting under his orders or directions, for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, or in the execution of or by reason of the powers given them by this act, until notice in writing of such intended writ or process frail have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual place of his abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue, or cause the Came to be sued out or served, at lead one calendar month before the filing out or serving the fame ; in which notice frail be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action which such party hath or claimeth to have against such judice of the peace, or other person acting under his order or directions as aforesaid, on the back of which notice frail be endorsed the name of such attorney or agent, together with the place of his abode ; and no plaintiff frail recover any verdict against such judice, or any person acting under his order or directions as aforesaid, in any case where the action frail be grounded, or any thing by him or them done under or in pursuance, or in execution, or by reason of the powers by this act given to him or them, unless it is proved upon trial of such action that such notice was given as aforesaid; but in default thereof, such judice, or other person acting under his or their orders or directions as aforesaid, frail recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid f and no evidence frail be permitted to be given by the plaintiff on the trial of any such action as aforesaid of any cause of action, except such as is contained in the notice hereby directed to be given as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any judice of the peace, clerk of the peace, provod-marshal, deputy marfral, gaol-keeper, con-dable, naval officer, or his deputy, or any other person by whom any thing is directed by this act to be done and performed, frail refute to perform or fliafl neglect his duty in any thing required by this act to be done, for which default no penalty is herein-before provided, every such person so offending frail forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such neglect or refusal.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein any penalty in this act mentioned is directed to be recovered before any judice nr justices of the peace, such judice or justices are hereby empowered and enjoined so commit the offender or offenders on conviction to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize until such penalty or penalties frail be duly p^id ; and

( )

that all penalties not herein directed how they shall be recovered, shall be recovered JAMAICA.

in the supreme court of judicature, or in the court of assize of this island, by action-----

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein, as also in all actions or suits brought for penalties herein-before expressly directed to be recovered in the supreme court or courts of assize, no essoin, protection, wager of law, imparlance, or injunction,

Hull be granted or allowed, or non vult ulierius prosequi be entered.

Passed this Council 12th December 1816.

tV. ,

Clerk of Council.

I consent this 19th day of December 1816.

Manebejltr.

Palled the Assembly this 2d day of December 1816.

James Lewis,

Speaker.

Vera copia exten.

tV. Bullock, Sec.

X

ST. VINCENTS.

No. 4.

A BILL for establishing a registry of negro and other slaves in the island of St. Vincents and its dependencies.

WHEREAS it is expedient that a periodical return of the several negroes and other slaves in these islands should be made from time to time for the purpose of ascertaining the numbers and identifying the persons of such negroes and other Raves, and their progressive increase and dccrease: And whereas such returns will be bell accomplished by means of a public registry being established for the registration and enrolment of the several negroes and other slaves in manner herein.after mentioned: May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by Your Majesty’s Governor in Council and Assembly of this Your island of St. Vincent and its dependencies, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act there shall be established in these islands a public regiflry for the regiAration and enrolment, in manner herein-after directed, of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes, or others, who now are or at any time hereafter shall be held in a Hate of slavery within the said island and its dependencies, and who shall be respectively registered or returned for registration, as hereinafter directed, on or before the from the

passing of this act.

ad. And be it further enacted, That the secretary of these islands shall provide the necessary books, strongly and durably bound, for the purpose of the regiflry, and the enrolment herein after directed, in which books shall be entered and registered, as hereinafter directed, the names and descriptions of all the slaves in these islands.

3d. And be it further enacted, That on or before the day of

v next, every person who shall then be resident in these islands,

and who shall be in possession of any Have or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, fequestrator and receiver, lessee, manager, attorney, guardian, or committee, or in any other right or character whatever his( or her title, null, or interest in any such slaves or Have may be, shall respectively make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered in upon oath to the secretary of these islands, or his lawful deputy, to be recorded by the said secretary, such ichedules, lifts, and particulars in writing, subscribed by him, her, or them, and to be called his, her, or their return of slaves, as are herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), a list or schedule in writing, containing in the first place his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such other person or (26.) G persons,

ST. VINCENTS.

Preamble.

Expedient that a periodical return of negroes and other slaves should be taken from time to time for the purpose of ascertaining their numbers and identifying their persons. Such returns bed accomplished by the establishment ot a public registry for the registration of such slaves.

Enads that a public registry be efta-bhshed for the registration of all negroes and other ' slaves to be regis* -tered or returned for registration on or before the

Registry books to be provided for the purpose of the registry.

On or before the day of all persons in possession of flavet to return lifts or schedules thereof upon oath to the secretary of these islands, within a limited time, with the names, description, and other particulars of the parries making such returns.

stf VINCENTS.

The schedule* to describe the name*, colour, employment, age, and country of such flare*.

Size.

The form of return* more fafijr prescribed with refer* ence to a schedule Annexed to thia ad.

The return to be delivered to the secretary or his deputy on oath.

Form of oath to be taken.

( )

perfoos, bong the owner or owners, claimant or claimants of such have or flavbs on whose behalf the return is made, and the right or character in which the party making such return holds possession of and claims title to such Have or (laves, namely, whether as proprietor, kflee, mortgagee, fequestrator, guardian, committee, trustee, receiver, executor, administrator, attorney, or otherwise and shall proceed to name, describe, ancf enumerate distinSly therein the several negro, mulatto, or other slaves then belonging to or held in possession by him, her, or them, by lids to be entitled in manner Following; (that is to say), “ a list of slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of A. B.;” and such lifts mall be divided into separate columns or compartments, the one to be entitled “ a general lift of male slaves belonging to or in the possession of A. B.” the other, a general lift of female slaves belonging to or in the possession of A. B.;” the schedule or paper containing each of the hud columns to be subdivided into perpendicular columns of convenient breadths, respectively entitled, at the heads thereof, name, colour, employment, age, and country; and the more clearly to distinguish the description of each particular slave, as many horizontal lines, with convenient spaces between them, shall be drawn across the said perpendicular lines or columns as are equal in number to the number of (laves to be inserted in each lift; and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name of each Have, and the name by which each Have shall (irft be returned and registered shall continue for ever after to be the name of such Have, and shall not afterwards be changed; in the second of the said columns shall be inserted negro, mulatto or muftie, as the case may be, or such designation of intermediate (hades of colour (if any) as are in use in these colonies; in the third of the said columns shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation, or ordinary employment of the slave, specifying, in the cases of mechanics, artisans, or handi-craftsmen, the particular art or buflnefs in which he or she is usually employed ; in the cases of domestic (laves, the particular domestic service or department in which he or she is usually employed; and in cases of ordinary plantation (laves, describing them as labourers only; in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted the age of the (laves according to the belt of the knowledge and belief of the owner or other party making the return ; and in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted not only whether the Have is an African or Creole negro, but if an African, the name and of the country and district of Africa from which he or she was brought, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the party making the return; and if a Creole slave, the name of the island or colony in which such slave was born, or from which he or she was brought according to the best of the knowledge or information and belief of the owner or other party making the return; and at the end of the said return respectively shall be summed up and set down in words at length the whole number of (laves then belonging to or in the lawful possession of the owner or owners, claimant or claimants, on whose behalf such returns are made: And for the better ascertaining of the proper form of such returns of slaves as are hereby required to be made, a form or example of such returns as are hereby required to be made is contained in a Schedule to this Act annexed, to which all persons are required, as far as shall be found pradicable, to conform.

4th. And be it further enacted, That every person making and subscribing any and every such schedule or return shall cause the fame to be delivered to the secretary or his lawful deputy at his office in the said island, having first made oath to the purport or efied following, before one of the justices of the peace in these islands; such oath to be annexed to the said return.

‘ T A. B. [name the deponent] do solemnly swear, that the schedule or return now

by me delivered to be recorded, contains, as I verily believe, a just, true,

( and foil return, account, and description of all the slaves belonging to (or in the

lawful possession of the owner or owners, claimant or claimants therein named),

and being within these islands (save and except to such slaves as may have absconded or Secreted themselves from their owners, &c. as hereafter mentioned, whose names shall be here set forth); and that the said return is made by me according c to the best of my knowledge and belief; and, after having made diligent enquiry,

4 no one of the said (laves has been imported into these islands contrary to an act

4 of

of parliament passed in the forty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty

King George the Third, intituled An act for the abolition of the slave trade/

So help me GOD/

5th. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such return or schedule as aforesaid shall have been duly made and received by the secretary of these islands, he shall proceed to register and copy the fame with all convenient speed in a fair, distinct, and legible hand, in a proper book or set of books to be kept by the said secretary precifety conformable with the said returns.

6th. And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any pretence, or for any cause whatsoever, be at any time permitted in any of the said books of registry, but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular therein, so that the fame shall differ from the name, description, or par* ticulars contained in the schedule or return from which the fame was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books of registry, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible; and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted,

shall either be interlined or written in the margin, and always, when practicable, by the fame hand as the rest of the fame lift or entry j and the secretary shall, either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any mark of interlineation, subscribe his name at length; but after the registry of original returns of (laves, shall have been completed and certiffed upon oath as herein-after directed, no interlineation, insertion, or other correction of the registry of any such original return, (halt on any account be made or permitted, except as herein-after expressly provided.

And be it further enacted, That an office copy, cerdfied by the secretary, of the Office copy of the registered lift or schedule of (laves belonging to any plantation, or to any pardcular reriRered lifts to be owner or owners, shall at any time after the registering thereof, at the request and de“Tcred to the charge of the owner or owners thereof, or claimant or claimants, or party or owner8‘ parties, who made the return of such lift or schedule, be made and delivered to him, her, or them by the said secretary, and for which there shall be charged no » more than at the rate of for every slave therein named ; and

all persons shall have free liberty to insped the said registry books, in the presence of the secretary or his affistants, for the purpose of ascertaining that the returns and lifts or schedules by them and on their behalf delivered have been accurately registered in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the original returns or When all the returns schedules which shall have been delivered to the secretary of these islands pursuant registered notice to this order shall have been entered and registered as aforesaid, the secretary shall an^the meanfof give notice thereof forthwith to the governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil com- supplying omission* mander in chief of these islands for the time being, and such governor, lieutenant- within a limited governor, or civil commander in chief shall thereupon publicly certify to the in- *lme therein habitants of these islands, in such manner as he shall deem mod: fit and effectual, peci e that the registry of (laves is ready to be verified before him as far as respects the original registry of (laves, and that the fame is and will continue open at the proper office for the inspection of all persons who have made returns of (laves for insertion therein, or who are desirous of such inspection, for the term of from the date of such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may be farisfied of the accuracy of the said registry; and also that if any owners or possessors of (laves within or belonging to these islands shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment have till that time omitted to return full and proper schedules or lifts of their (laves into the said registry as by this act is required, they must immediately apply to the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander in chief, who, upon satisfactory proof that f uch omission has not beeh wilful, has power to make an order for the admission and registration or correction of their returns or schedules by the secretary.

9th. And be it further enacted, That if, during the term prescribed by the said be

last-mentioned notification, any owner or possessor, owners or pofifefiors of Haves, ^ivcdandV^lr'

shall B

$T. VINCENTS.

The return* to be registered within a limited tine in the book of registry cxa&ly according to the return*.

No erasure to be permitted in the registry books.

( « )

tered after the limited time in cases of accident or unavoidable impediment* and not from wilful default.

ST. VINCENTS, shall apply to the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander in chief, and make it appear to his satisfaction that the non-delivery of his, her, or their return or returns of Haves to the said secretary within the term before prescribed, or any default or omission in such return or returns, has arisen from accident, or some other cause which may appear to the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander in chief as a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the said party, and not from any wilful delay or default, and shall then produce his, her, or their return or returns, or corrected return or returns, and make oath that no Have therein named has been imported or brought into these islands within then next preceding, it shall and may be lawful

for the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander in chief, if ne shall think fit to make an order in writing, by him subscribed and addressed to the said secretary, commanding him to receive and regilter any such return or returns, or corrected return or returns, as if the fame had been delivered in due time; which order the secretary is hereby required to obey, so as every such new or corrected return may be registered in the said books in manner aforesaid before the end of said term of last before mentioned.

The primary or ioth. And be it further enacted, That at the end of the said last-mentioned

original registration term of the secretary shall proceed finally to close and authenticate the primary autbenricated wid or original registration of all the Haves in these islands, which shall thenceforth be dosed. called the original registry of Haves of the island of Saint Vincent and its depend-

encies, in manner following: (to wit} in each of the said books, or in the last of any set of such books, the said secretary shall write with his own hand, in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lifts of Haves, either on the fame folio or double page, or on the back of the last leaf containing the fame, “ Here ends the original registry of slaves of the island of Saint Vincent and its dependenciesand the said secretary shall thereto subscribe his name and affix his seal of office, and below the said signature shall be written in like characters by the said secretary the following affidavit:

TjEFORE A. B. [inserting the and title of the , lieutenant-gcver-

‘ ^ nor, or civil commander in chieffor the time ] personalty appeared C.D.

[naming himself] the secretary of slaves in this island of Saint Vincent and its

dependencies, who, being sworn on the Holy Evangelists, makes oath and fays,

that he the C. D. has twice carefully examined and compared all the preceding

entries in this book [or this set of ] with all the different returns of slaves

delivered to him, or, to his knowledge and belief, to any deputy clerk or ‘ assistant by him appointed; first, by examining the said entries while his clerk or

assistant read the original returns respectively entered therein, and afterwards by

examining the said returns while his clerk or assistant read the said entries in the ‘ book [or set of books'] respectively made therefrom ; and that he is enabled ( thereby to depose, and does depose, that the preceding original registry of slaves

of the island of Saint Vincent and its dependencies is in all respects correctly

and faithfully made/

Which affidavit, being subscribed by the said secretary, shall be sworn before the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander in chief, who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand and the great seal of these islands: ‘ T A. B. [infestingbis name and title of office] do hereby certify, that the above

affidavit was duly sworn before me this day of

one thousand eight hundred and

Witness my hand, and the great seal of these islands, this ‘ one thousand eight hundred and

day of

*a.b: (.)

After the expiration of (three yean) from the completion of the original registry. and after each succeeding period of

And be it further enacted, That after the expiration of three years to be computed from the time when any such original registry shall be completed and authenticated as aforesaid, and after every succeeding period of years in

time to come, on the first day of January in the next following year, or within after that day, every person resident in these islands, who shall be in the lawful possellion of any slave or slaves within these islands, whether as pro-iefirered containing prietor or mortgagee, fequestrator, trustee, or receiver, lessee, manager, or attorney,

committee

yean, returns to be aelirei

( *9*

committee or guardian, or in any other character, or who shall own or poiTefs any personal Have or ilaves whatsoever, within these islands, whatsoever his or her title, trust, or interest in any such slave or ilaves may be, shall make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered, (upon oath) to the secretary of these islands for the time being, an account or schedule in writing by him or her subscribed, to be called

The Return of Slaves/ containing a true and perfect account of all

births and deaths of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such return is made, within the years next preceding flnce the said original

or lall returns were made; and also an account of all deductions

from or additions to the former flock of slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of such person or persons within the same period, by other means than deaths or births, whether the fame shall have happened by permanent desertion, sale or other transfer of property, or enfranchisement, or by the return of fugitive or absent slaves, or by any other lawful ways and means whatsoever, which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such last-mentioned returns; and in cases of purchase or other acquiiition, or of sale or other transfer or manumission of slaves formerly regidered, the regidered name and description of every such newly-purchated, or acquired, or transferred, or manumitted slave, or of his or her former owner or owners, claimant or claimants, shall also be set forth at large in such return; and every such return shall

also contain all such further particulars, in respect of every newly-acquired slave named therein, as are herein-before directed to be contained in the said original returns j and when by the death of the owner or any other cause there shall have been, within the period to which the return relates, any change of property in and possession of any slave from the owner or owners under whose names the fame were regidered, to any such owner or owners, such change of property and possession shall also be mentioned in the said returns ; and such return shall also date the whole number of slaves then belonging to or possessed by the person or persons mentioned in such return ; but when there has been no alteration fmce the lad return in the number or description of the slaves belonging to or possessed by the person by or for whom the return is made, or the property thereof, it shall be sufficient to date the whole number of Ilaves, and to add “ No alteration required “ by law to be specified has taken place since the lad return.”

lath. And be it further enacted, That any person making and subscribing any such return shall take the following oath before any one of his Majesty’s judices of peace duly qualified in the said islands.

T A. B. do solemnly swear, that the contents of the schedule or return so by

me delivered are true, and that the fame contains, to the bed of my knowledge and belief, a full, fair, and correct account of all the births and deaths which

have happened among the slaves belonging to or posseffed by (the owner or owners therein named], and being within these islands since the regidration

thereof [or, during the lad years], and of all other additions to or deductions from the said slaves within the same period, and of the whole number of slaves now actually belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of] the said

‘ So help me GOD.’

13th. And be it further enacted, That if any person who by this act is directed to make and deliver a return of the slaves in his or her possession for regidration as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect so to do, whereby such slave or slaves shall be omitted to be duly regidered in the original or any subsequent regidry pursuant to this act, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every Have so omitted to be registered as aforesaid the sum of pounds of derling money, to be recovered

in such manner as any other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered in these islands by any law thereof, the one moiety of such penalty to be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of these islands, and the other moiety to the person suing for the fame; and in case the party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves omitted to be regidered as aforesaid in the capacity of mortgagee, trustee, fequedrator or receiver, manager or attorney, guardian or committee, for any other or others, or in any other right or character whatever, such person shall not only forfeit for every slave omitted to be (36.) H . regidered

ST. VINCENTS.

an account of all births and deaths of slaves since the preceding returns,

with an account of all deductions from or additions to the former stock of slaves by other means.

Such last-mentioned return to be delivered on oath.

Persons omitting to regiller slaves to forfeit for

each slave unregif-tered, one moiety to his Majesty and the other to the informer.

If the party so offending be the mortgageef or be acting m any other capacity, to be subject to the fame

( 3° )

'ST. VINCENTS.

registered as aforesaid the like Aim of pounds ilerling money, to be recovered and go in manner herein-before stated, but Khali moreover be liable to the

penalty, Md liable c|vj| foits 0r adjons of all and every person or periods who Khali or may fuftaia the^trt a damage or injury by any such onaimon as aforesaid, and who, besides hill re-

and u> the ^yment paration for every such damage or injury, Khali recover against the party offend-of doable cods. ing double costs of suit.

Omission of return* 14th. And whereas it may happen in forae ioftaaces, that owners and possessors umnoldaUe>im0r di- ^aves within these islands at the time of the said first or original registration, nmt, or defau^of or of some subsequent registration, may from accident or unavoidable impediment perfoa* not the ab* omit to return the fame for registration within the times hereby refye&rvely folnte owner*, to be limited for that purpose, or that persons in possession of (laves not their own in uMtte wroor absolute property may wilfully or negligently make such omission without the Anting the tads of* concurrence or consent of the absent owners or persons interested in such (laves; the case. be it therefore further enacted, That if any owner or owners, possessor or possessors

of (laves within these islands shall have omitted to make his, her, or their returns thereof within the time herein-before limited for the said first or original regift ration, or subsequent registration within the time in that respect herein-before limited; and if such owner or owners, possessor or posseflors, or any other person or persons who at the time of such omission was, or who shall have since become the owner or possessor, whether in his own right or in the right of any other person or persons, of any slave or slaves so omitted to be returned, mail at any time after making his or their return next after any such omission or default apply to the governor,

lieutenant-governor, or civil commander in chief of these islands, and prove to his satisfaction, by such credible evidence as from the nature of the case may be reasonably expected and required, that such omission was not wilful, but arose from some specified accident or other unavoidable impediment, or from the neglect or default of some person or persons other than the true and absolute owner or owners of the said slave or slaves, or from some other cause which may appear to the said governor, &c. as a satisfactory ground for the complying with the request of If the fame, on ex- the said party, it shall be lawful for such governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil f^iifaf^or commander in chief, to order that such party or parties so making his, her, or their

governor to’order return next after such omission or default to the said Secretary, shall be at liberty to that the party mak- insert the names and descriptions and all other particulars herein-before required ing a ratum of and relating to all and every Have and (laves the subject of any such former

defauhflSu'beat om^on or default, and also in such return such account as is herein-before diliberty to register reded of the births and deaths, and of all other dedudions from and additions to the slave* omitted, the (lock of (laves in respect of which such return is made, which shall have occurred within the preceding years; and such return, when duly made and registered, together with the cause of the former omission or default, and the date of the order for supplying the fame, which shall be certified and signed by the said Secretary on the registry of such return in the proper books, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual for all the purposes of this act as if the matters therein contained had been duly returned and registered at the proper period.

If returns be wilfully refused for registration by the secretary, or if he make any fraudulent entries or erar sures, he shall upon convictieq forfeit hi* office, be subject to the pains and penalties of forgery, and be liable to an action for damage* by all parties aggrieved.

15th. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any secretary shall, in the exercise of his said office, wilfully refuse to receive for registration any return or to make any entry which he ought to receive and make, according to the directions herein contained and the true intent and meaning of this act, or Khali knowingly and wilfully, contrary to the said directions and to the true intent and meaning hereof, receive for registration any return, or make, or cause or fuflfer any entry which ought not to be so received or made, or in case any secretary (hall1 wilfully make, or knowingly permit or Suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in his office, or either of them, or in any of the said accounts or abftrads hereby directed to be made out, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate, or alter, or knowingly permit or fofferto be fraudulently erased, obliterated, or altered) any entry which shall have been duly made in the said books of registry, or either of them, the said Secretary shall, upon conviction of any Such offence, not only be liable to all fetch pains, and penalties aa ought, by the laws in force within these islands aft the time of fetch offence, to be infii£bed on persons conrided> of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, bus mall foe ever forfeit h»fed

3* )

office, and be incapable of ever after holding the feme, and (hdllmoreover be liable to the civil suits Or actions of all and 'every person or persons who ftwtH fuftam any damage or injuty by any such offence, who, besides foil reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against such secretary double costs of suit; ^nd if any deputy, assistant, or clerk, or clerk of any secretary, /hall commit, or Knowingly permit or suffer to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof, not only ih like m«uinfer be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws of these iflafids to be inflicted on persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall for. feit such his office or employment, hhdbe incapable of eVet after holding the fame; and if any other petfon or persons in these islands shall wilfully make or cause or procure to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the said books of registry or either of them, or in the said returns, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate, ojr alter, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated, or altered, any entry which shall have been made in the said books of registry Or return, or either 6f them, every such person or persons so offending shall, upon conviction, not Only be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws of these idands to be inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall forfeit to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, all his, her, or their ellate, right, title, property, and interest in and to any Have or (laves that shall be the subject or subjects of any such false and fraudulent entry, erasure, obliteration, or alteration.

VINCENTS.

Penalties for such offences by other persons, deputies* Sec. to be Lubje& to the like penalties* and forfeit their office.

All other persons so offending to be subject to like pairs and penalties, and forfeit to His Majesty all such Have* as shall bfc fub)8ft tb Rich fraudulent entry.

16th. And be it further enacted, That if any petfon or persons making any such original or subsequent return of Haves as aforesaid ih these islands, shall falsely and wilfully insert therein any name or names, description or descriptions, of any slave of (laves or pretended Have or (laves as shall be so named and described, which doth hot or donot infact belong at the timeof making such rettlrh to him, her, or them (except such (laves as are herein-after mentioned), every such person or persons so offending shall forfeit for every Have or pretended slave so falsely returned the sum of pounds (lerling money, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered in these islands by any law thereof; the one moiety thereof to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the: support of the government of these idands, and the other moiety thereof to the use of such person as shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the fame : Provided always, that no person shall proyjfo , be liable to any such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid, in respeCk of any Have or penalty foil not Oaves which he or she shall prove to have been at the time of the return actually em- extend to cafet of ployed upon the plantation or in the fetvice of the asserted owner or owners, claimant slave» actually em-or claimants, to whom the fame were represented by such return to belong, although °n the plan-he or (he shall not be able to prove that the property in such slave or Oaves was service of the*owner fttch as was dated in the return, except when the prosecutor shall give evidence be- named in the return, yond the falsification of the return in the point of property, to shew that the fame except when proved was fraudulent or wilfully false: Provided also, that no person shall be liable to any fa^d,j*n[fturn wa* such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid, in respectofany Have of Oaves who may wdfufly fajfc°r have absconded or secreted themselves from the service or employ 6f their respective owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons entitled to such slave or Oaves, or be out of his, her, or their control at the time of making such original or subsequent return of Oaves as aforesaid, so nevertheless that such owner* or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons do ahd shall specify the names of all such Oaves irt the affidavit herein-before mentioned, and shall moreover set forth in such return or returns the tnoft faithful ahd accurite description (which, under the circumstances of the case, can be fuTnrshed) of all absent or missing slave or ffaves, together with a particular ftaterhent of the fa61s and circumstances which prevent the owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons from complying with the direction herein-before contained, and making such return as is herein-before required.

17th1. And be it further enacted, That the certificate of the secretary of these" -jfo certificate of iflhrkfo, by Him subscribed, certifying any copies dr' extratts from the books in his the Secretary to be office, Of thte flcfri-registration of any slave or Oaves therein, flihll be received in evidence. aft1 courts and'by «df judges in His Majesty V dominions as sufficient evidence of

( 32 )

ST. VINCENTS.

the authority of such copy or extra&, and a sufficient evidence prima facie of the matters so certified; laving nevertheless to the party or parties against: whom such

evidence is adduced, the right of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the fame by an inspection of and a companion with the original book or books of registry.

18th. And be it further enacted, That the secretary of these islands shall be entitled to demand and receive the following fees of office, and no more, (that is to say), for receiving and registering every return of any Have or slaves by him registered, the sum of pounds current money of these islands, and the further sum of

of like money for every Have named and described in such return; for every search in his registry the sum of ; for every certificate by him

given and subscribed, the sum of ; and for every

copy of or extraCt from entries in his registry, the sum of for every hundred words therein contained.

Secretary to be entitled to certain fee*.

After closing original registry, party claiming title to Have* a* owner, &c complaining of such Have* being omitted to be registered, governor to appoint receiver of nregif-tered Haves, receiver gwing security to -return lifts thereof.

'Governor to take prompt measuresfor the execution of his order.

Magistrates and others to be aiding therein under the penalty of

Receiver taking possession to return lifts of slaves to the governor to be re* giftrred, subjeS to a penalty for each ilave omitted.

19th. And be it further enacted, That from and after the final closing and authentication of such original registry as aforesaid, on complaint or information in writing, on oath, by any party claiming title to any Have or slaves, as owner, mortgagor, mortgagee, tenant for life or years, or in remainder, or iu reversion, or otherwise, or on complaint or information, on oath as aforesaid, by any persons interested as creditor by judgment or otherwise, or claiming any other legal or equitable lien upon or against any Have or slaves, or the owner or owners thereof, that such Have or slaves have been omitted to be returned for registration by the party or parties to be named and described in such complaint or information in possession of such Have or slaves, and on production of a certificate from the secretary of these islands (who is hereby required in all such cases, after making due search in his registry, to deliver the fame on payment of his requisite fee) to the party or parties requiring any such certificate, that no return appears in his said registry to have been given in by the party or parties complained of, of any such Have or slaves as shall be by him or them named and described, it shall thereupon be lawful to and for the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief of these islands for the time being, and he is hereby empowered and directed, to nominate and appoint by summary order some fit and proper person (having due regard to the choice and nomination of the party or parties interested or complaining) to take possession forthwith as receiver of all such slave or slaves as shall be then unregistered, belonging to or in the possession of the person or persons against whom such information or complaint shall be preferred, and also of any plantation or other estate or property in the holding or possession of any such person or persons, to which any unregistered slave or slaves may be attached or belong: Provided always, that such receiver so appointed as aforesaid shall in all cases be subjeck to the future order of the court of chancery, and shall not only enter into such security as is usually taken in cases of receiver* ship, but shall also enter into further security in to render to

the governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, a full and accurate return of all such slave or slaves of which he shall so take possession within

after taking possession ; and the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief shall adopt all such measures as to him shall seem expedient and necessary, for effectually enforcing the due and prompt execution of any such order; and all and every justice or justices of the peace, acting in and for the distriCk wherein such order is to be executed, and all and every other His Majesty’s subjects, shall be aiding and assisting the rein, when directed for that purpose by any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, under and subject to a penalty of

20th. And be it further enacted, That every such receiver so appointed as aforesaid, shall within next after obtaining possession of any such slave or slaves,

render to the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief, a like and full accurate return thereof, as is herein-before required for the purpose of registration, subject to the penalty of for every slave who

shall be omitted therein, and which return he the said governor, lieutenant governor, or civil commander in chief shall direct and authorize the secretary

(33)

ST. VINCENTS.

tary of these islands to register and enrol in the registry books for (laves accordingly.

[After any slave not duly registered to be forfeited to His Majesty.]

21ft. And be it further enacted, That from and after the any Have

or (laves not duly registered in pursuance of this act, shall and may be prosecuted for non-regift ration by any of His Majesty’s subjects, and the fame shall be condemned as forfeited to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the use of the government of these islands, for the purpose of divesting and barring all such property, right, title, and interest whatever which before existed or might afterwards be set up or claimed in or to such slave or slaves so prosecuted and condemned; and the attorney general of these islands for the time being shall, at the instance of every such person or persons, and on production of the certificates of the secretary of these islands of the non-registration of any such slave or slaves, order and direct the clerk of the supreme court to proceed to inquiry, &c. (N.B. Apply the directions and proceedings of the 9th Geo.3d.cap. 9. to this act.)

[Governor to make order for safe custody, k of negroes until final judgment.]

22(1* And be it further enacted, That on such inquiry being proceeded in as aforesaid, the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander in chief for the time being of these islands, shall make such orders and regulations as to him shall seem most expedient for the fafecustody, disposal, employment, and support of any such slave or slaves so prosecuted for non-registration under the authority of this act, until final judgment therein shall be given.

[No 23rd?]

[Persons herein swearing falsely guilty of perjury.]

24th. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons whomsoever shall be guilty of any false and wilful forswearing in taking any oath under the proceedings of this act, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or fubom any person to take any such oath falsely, he or she being thereof duly convicted shall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all such persons as shall commit wilful perjury, or shall procure and fubom any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury.

[Negroes and coloured persons coming from other islands to produce a freedom, or deemed runaways.]

25th. And be it further enacted, That all negroes or persons of colour arriving in these islands shall, in addition to the regulations imposed by the alien act, report themselves to the registrar within twenty-four hours after their arrival, and produce their freedom, signed by the governor or commander in chief for the time being of some other colony, and in default thereof they shall be deemed runaway slaves, and shall be proceeded against according to the law in that case made and provided.

---

SCHEDULE.

A List of Slaves belonging to [or, in in the lawful possession of] A. B.

List of Male Slaves belonging to [or, in the possession of] A. B.

Names, Colour. Employment. Age. Country.

List of Female Slaves belonging to [or, in the possession of] A. B.

The whole number of Slaves belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of] A.B. is _____.

A true Return.

A.B.

_____ day of _____ 181_.

ADDITIONAL

COLONIAL LAWS

RESPECTING

SLAVES.

Ordered to be printed 16th April 1817.

