4.

FURTHER PAPERS

RELATING TO THE TREATMENT

OF

SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 10 June 1818.

LIST OF

COPIES OF COLONIAL ACTS AND CORRESPONDENCE,

Presented to the House of Commons in consequence of certain Addresses ordered on the 22d day of April 1818, to be presented to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, — for

COPIES OF ALL LAWS passed in or for any British Colonies since the year 1812, and not already presented to this House, respecting the condition and treatment of Slaves, or the prevention of the illicit importation of Slaves, and also respecting the condition of the free coloured Population:

AND, FOR

COPIES OR EXTRACTS OF SUCH ACCOUNTS as have been received from the said Colonies respectively since 1807, and have not been hitherto laid before this House; showing the increase and decrease of the number of Slaves, and also of the free coloured and white population; also the present numbers of all the above classes, and, as far as the same can be given, the changes in the relative proportions of males and females in the Slave Population:

AND ALSO, FOR

COPIES OR EXTRACTS OF ALL ACTS passed in furtherance of the objects of the Address of this House, of June 19th, 1816, that His Royal Highness would be pleased to recommend, in the strongest manner, to the local authorities in the respective Colonies, to carry into effect any measure which may tend to promote the moral and religious improvement, as well as the comfort and happiness of the Negroes.

VIZ.

1. — ACTS.

Bahama Islands:

An Act for laying a further duty upon the importation and sale of certain Slaves - p. 9.

An Act to further continue an Act, passed in the forty-fifth year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for trying questions relative to the freedom of Negroes, and other persons of colour, and for suspending certain Acts therein mentioned." - ib.

An Act to alter the mode of proceeding on the trial of Slaves charged with treason, murder, or other felonious offences, without the benefit of clergy - p. 10.

An Act to continue an Act, intituled, "An Act to consolidate and bring into one Act, the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further protection and security; for altering the mode of trial of Slaves charged with capital offences; for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes;" except so much of the said Act as relates to the trial of Slaves for capital offences by any two justices of the peace, and five jurymen - p. 11.

An Act to establish a triennial census of the Slaves on these islands - ib.

Barbadoes:

An Act to repeal part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the governing of Negroes, and for building and regulating a new cage" - p. 14.

Berbice:

An Act for the registration of the Slave population - p. 18.

Demerary:

An Act for more fully ascertaining the Slave population - p. 24.

Dominica:

An Act for registering the Slaves in this island - p. 30.

An Act to extend the time limited by the Act for the registry of Slaves in this island, and to indemnify such persons as may have failed in making their returns within the time prescribed by that Act, and for other purposes - p. 35.

An Act to establish Courts of Petty Sessions at stated times, for the trial by jury of runaway, or other Slaves, in custody of the provost-marshal, for crimes under any of the laws of this island now existing, or hereafter to exist; for regulating, and in some instances varying their punishment, as established by laws now in force; for the more speedy trial of Slaves committed for misdemeanors or petty offences, by justices of the said court without a trial by jury, and to enable the justices of the Court of King’s Bench and Grand Sessions of the Peace, immediately on the termination of their Sessions, to hold Courts of Petty Sessions for the trial or gaol delivery of Slaves then in custody of the said marshal, and for other purposes connected therewith - p. 36,

Grenada:

An Act for establishing a registry of Negro and other Slaves in the island of Grenada and its dependencies - p. 39.

An Act to amend an Act, intituled "An Act for establishing a registry of Negro and other Slaves" in the island of Grenada and its dependencies - p. 49.

Jamaica:

An Act for manumising a slave named Prince William, belonging to the public - p. 51.

An Act for providing curates for the several parishes of this island, and for promoting religious instruction amongst the Slaves, December 19th 1816 - ib.

An Act for the subsistence, clothing, and the better regulation and government of Slaves; for enlarging the powers of the council of protection; for preventing the improper transfer of Slaves, and for other purposes. December 19th 1816 - p. 52.

Montserrat:

An Act for establishing a registry of Slaves in the island of Montserrat - p. 74.

Nevis:

An Act for establishing a registry of Negro and other Slaves in the island of Nevis - p. 81.

Saint Christopher:

An Act for establishing a registry of Negro and other Slaves in the island of Saint Christopher - p. 89.

Tobago:

An Act to oblige all persons importing Negroes or other Slaves into this colony, to produce a testimonial relative to the character of such Negroes or other Slaves - p. 98.

Virgin Islands:

An Act for establishing a registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Virgin Islands - p. 99.

TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

ACTS

OF THE ASSEMBLY OF THE BAHAMA ISLANDS.

An ACT for laying a further Duty upon the Importation and Sale of certain Slaves.

BAHAMAS.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that a further duty should be imposed and upon the importation and sale of certain Slaves, brought for that purpose into these Islands, from other parts of His Majesty's dominions, We, Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of your Bahama Islands, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Charles Cameron, esquire, Your Majesty's Captain General and Governor in chief, the Council and Assembly of your said Islands; and it is hereby enacted and ordained, by the authority of the same,

[A further tax on the importation of certain slaves.]

That during the continuance of this Act, there shall be imposed, levied, and paid to Your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, for and towards the support of this Government, for every negro, mulatto, or other slave imported into these Islands for sale, twenty pounds over and above any other duty already imposed, or that shall or may hereafter be imposed upon such importation and sale. And if any person or persons shall import for their own use, any negro, or other slave, and sell the same within twelve months after importation, without payment of the additional duty imposed by this Act, he she or they shall forfeit and pay, over and above any other forfeiture or penalty imposed or payable under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts, twenty pounds for every such negro or other slave so imported and sold as aforesaid.

[Appropriation of monies.]

2. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies which shall arise and be received into the public treasury by virtue of this Act, shall be appropriated and applied in such manner as may be directed by any Act or Acts of the General Assembly, and not otherwise.

[Penalties how to be sued for.]

3. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the forfeitures and penalties imposed by this Act, shall and may be sued for in any court of these Islands having cognizance thereof, by notion of debt, bill or information, wherein no essoign, or more than one imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; one moiety whereof shall be paid to the informer, and the residue applied in aid of the expenses of this Government.

[Continuance of this Act.]

4. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force from and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, for one year, and no longer.

Passed the House of Assembly, December the twenty-second, one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

J. Webster, Speaker.

Passed the Legislative Council, twenty-eighth December one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Wm. Vesey Munnings, President.

Assented to, the twenty-ninth December one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Charles Cameron.

A true Copy from the original,

Nesbitt, Secy.

An ACT to further continue an Act passed in the forty-fifth year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for trying Questions relative to the Freedom of Negroes, and other Persons of Colour, and for suspending certain Acts therein mentioned."

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the forty-fifth year of His Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act for trying Questions relative to the Freedom of Negroes, and

10 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BAHAMAS.

other Persons of Colour, and for suspending certain Acts therein mentioned," is about to expire: And whereas it is expedient that the same be further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Excellency Charles Cameron, esquire, Your Majesty's Captain General and Governor in chief, the Council and Assembly of the Bahama Islands; and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That the above recited Act, and every clause, provision, matter and thing therein contained, shall be, and the same is and Act continued for are hereby continued in force from and after the passing of this Act, for and during ten years. the term of ten years, and from thence to the end of the next Session of this General Assembly, and no longer.

Passed the House of Assembly, fourteenth November one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

J. Webster, Speaker.

Passed the Legislative Council, sixteenth November one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Wm. Vesey Munnings, President.

Assented to, the twenty-ninth December one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Charles Cameron.

A true Copy from the original,

Nesbitt, Secy.

An ACT to alter the mode of Proceeding on the Trial of Slaves charged with Treason, Murder, or other Felonious Offences, without the benefit of Clergy.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient and proper that the trial of slaves charged with treason, murder, or other felonious offences without the benefit of clergy, should hereafter be had and proceeded on in the General Court of these Islands, according to the form and practice of the said Court used and followed therein, on the trial of white persons, or free persons of colour, charged with the like offences: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by his Excellency Charles Cameron, esquire, Your Majesty's Captain General and Governor in chief, the Council and Assembly of the Bahama Islands; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same,

[On an indictment for felony being found against any slave, the trial shall be proceeded upon in the general court before the chief and assistant justices, as in the case of a white person.]

Chief and assistant justices to pronounce sentence of death on slaves convicted, and the provost-marshal to cause such sentence to be carried into execution.

That from and after the passing of this Act, when any slave or slaves shall be charged with treason, murder, burglary, robbery, burning of houses, or other felony or offence whatsoever, from which the benefit of clergy is taken away by any Statute or Act of Parliament of Great Britain in force within the Bahama Islands, or by any Act of the General Assembly of the said Islands, the trial of such slave or slaves (a bill or bills of indictment being first found by the grand inquest for the body of the said Bahama Islands, and which bill or bills of indictment, the attorney general of these Islands, or other officer prosecuting in the name of His Majesty, shall and lawfully may prefer) shall be had and proceeded upon in the general court of the said Bahama Islands, by and before the chief justice and assistant justices of the said court, or some or one of them, in the same manner and form, and according to the same causes, usage and practice established, observed and followed therein, for and upon the trial of any white person or free person of colour charged with the like crimes and offences, save and except only that the evidence of slave against slave shall in all cases be received.

[Chief and assistant justices to pronounce sentence of death on slaves convicted, and the provost-marshal to cause such sentence to be carried into execution.]

2d. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That when any slave or slaves shall be convicted in the said general court of any treason, murder, or other felony or offence whatsoever, from which the benefit of clergy is taken away as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the chief justice and assistant justices of the said general court, or some or one of them, to pronounce sentence of death upon such slave or slaves convicted as aforesaid; and the provost marshal of the said Islands, or his lawful deputy, is hereby authorized and required to cause such sentence to be carried into execution at such time and place as such chief justice and assistant justices, or some or one of them, shall think proper to direct or appoint.

[Act suspended.]

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much and such part and parts of any Actor Acts of the General Assembly of the said Bahama Islands, as prescribe or regulate any mode of proceeding on the trial of slaves accused of

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 11

BAHAMAS.

crimes punishable with death, different from that hereinbefore established and appointed, shall be and the same is and are hereby suspended from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the continuance of this Act and no longer.

[Duration of this Act.]

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force for and during the term of seven years, and to the end Act. of the then next session of the General Assembly and no longer.

Passed the Legislative Council, twentieth December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen

William Vesey Mannings, President.

Passed the House of Assembly, seventeenth December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

Ls. Kerr, Speaker.

Assented to, the thirty-first December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

Charles Cameron.

An ACT to continue an Act, intituled, "An Act to consolidate and bring into one Act, the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further protection and security; for altering the mode of trial of Slaves charged with Capital Offences, for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes," except so much of the said Act as relates to the trial of Slaves for Capital Offences by any two Justices of the Peace and five Jurymen.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-seventh year of Your Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act to Consolidate and bring into one Act, the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further protection and security; for altering the mode of trial of Slaves charged with Capital Offences; for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes," will shortly expire; and it is deemed highly expedient and necessary that the same, with the exception hereinafter mentioned, should be continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Excellency Charles Cameron, esq. Your Majesty's Captain General and Governor in chief, the Council and Assembly of Your Majesty's Bahama Islands; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same,

[Act continued;]

That the said Act, and every clause, matter and thing therein contained, with the exception hereinafter mentioned and expressed as aforesaid, be further continued in full force from and after the expiration thereof, for and during the term of seven years, and from thence until the end of the then next session of the General Assembly and no longer;

[with an exception.]

save and except so much of the said Act and every clause, matter and thing therein contained, as relate to the mode of trial of slaves for treason, murder, and other felonious offences without the benefit of clergy, by two justices of the peace and five jurymen, which shall no longer be, or be continued in force, as part of the said Act, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Passed the House of Assembly, the eighteenth of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

Ls. Kerr, Speaker.

Passed the Legislative Council, the twentieth of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

William Vesey Munnings, President.

Assented to, the thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

Charles Cameron.

An ACT to establish a triennial Census of the Slaves on these Islands.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the occasional measures heretofore adopted to ascertain the extent and nature of the slave population of these Islands, have been found inadequate and needlessly expensive: And whereas it is expedient and necessary to provide by law for a regular periodical census of all the slaves within the Colony, to be compiled from returns of the holders of the same, under suitable

12 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BAHAMAS,

penalties for non-compliance on their part: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Excellency Charles Cameron, esq. Your Majesty's Captain General and Governor in chief, the Council and Assembly of Your Majesty's Bahama Islands, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That on the first day of. January which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or within three calendar months afterwards,

[Slave-holders in these Islands to make returns of all slaves they possess on the 1st January 1819, stating the name of the Island where such slaves are employed, their ages, and distinguishing Creole from African-born slaves.]

every slave-holder on these Islands shall make or cause to be made a full and complete return of the number of the slaves to them actually belonging or in their possession or charge; which return shall state the on the 1st January name or names of the owners of such slaves, and also the particular Island where the said slaves are employed; and shall distinguish those slaves who are under the age of thirteen years, those of and from thirteen to sixty years old, both inclusive, and those above the age of sixty years, and shall distinguish Creole from African born slaves: Provided always, that all slaves not being actually natives of Africa, shall be deemed and taken to be Creoles within the intent and meaning of this Act, and of the Schedule or Returns hereinafter mentioned; which Return shall be according the form following, to wit:

[Form of the required Return.]

RETURN of the Slaves, the property of A. B., on the Island of C. the _____ day of _____ 181_:

Under 13 years of age. Of and from 13 to 60 years of age, both inclusive. Above 60 years of age. Total.

Creole Males -

Creole Females -

African Males -

African Females -

[Affidavit to be made on the back of such return, of the truth of the statement therein contained, before some judge or justice of the peace.]

And upon the back of the said return, or annexed thereto, there shall be an affidavit of the person making the same, that the same is a full, perfect and faithful return, to the best of the deponent’s knowledge and belief, of all the slaves belonging to the proprietor or proprietors therein named, which were at the Island, therein designated, on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, as aforesaid, which affidavit shall be sworn to before some judge or justice of the peace, and with such judge or justice of the peace deposited and left, to be dealt with as is hereinafter directed;

[Penalty on persons neglecting to make such return within the time limited for making the same.]

and should any person liable to make such return, neglect altogether to make the same, under oath as aforesaid, within three calendar months from and after the said first day of January, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every such defaulter shall forfeit, and pay a fine of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, in the general court of these Islands, by any person or persons competent to sue in the said court; one half to the use of the plaintiff, and the remaining half to be paid into the treasury of these Islands, in aid of paying the expenses of His Majesty's government within the same:

[Proviso.]

Provided, however, that if the judges, or a majority of them, before whom the case may be tried, shall certify, that it appeared by evidence on the said trial, that by reason of the sickness of the defendant, or other unavoidable cause, the said default was involuntary, and excuse-able, and that the said defaulter has since his said default actually made the required return into the office of the secretary of these Islands, then and in all such cases, it shall be lawful for the said judges to order and direct that the plaintiff shall take nothing under his judgment except his costs, and he shall take no more accordingly; and if any person or persons shall make and swear to any return as aforesaid, knowing the same to be imperfect, or otherwise false or incorrect, every such defaulter shall he liable to the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 13

BAHAMAS.

[Judges and justices, before whom any return shall be made, to deliver the same into the office of the secretary of the colony, within three months after the limitation for the making the original return.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several judges and justices to whom any return or returns shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall, within three calendar months, to be computed from the end of the three months limited for the original making of the said returns, deliver the same, or cause them to be delivered, to the secretary of the colony, or his lawful deputy, at his office in the town of Nassau, accompanied with a list or schedule of the returns so delivered in, and a certificate that the same comprise the whole of the returns to them made as aforesaid, without addition, subtraction or alteration of any kind;

[Fees to such judges and justices.]

and there shall be paid to the said magistrates, as their fee on administering the oath to the said return, the sum of one shilling for each of the first eight slaves, or any lesser number comprised in the said return, which fees shall be paid by the parties making such return; and every such judge or justice of the peace refusing to receive any return, or otherwise making default therein, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and liable to prosecution, by indictment or information, according to law: provided, however, that in all such prosecutions it shall be competent for the defendant in defeasance of the same, to give evidence to the jury of any unavoidable cause that may have prevented the due delivery of the returns as aforesaid.

[Secretary of the colony, on receipt of such returns, to cause the same to be registered in a book to be kept for that purpose, to which book there shall be an index.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the receipt of the said returns from the judges or justices of the peace as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the secretary of the colony, or his lawful deputy, to cause the same to be copied verbatim into a book to be provided for the purpose, and the originals to be numbered, lettered, or otherwise arranged for the greater facility of reference thereunto; and to the said book there shall be a complete index of the names of the owners of slaves, and of the persons making returns in their behalf; and also a general schedule of the whole slave population of the colony, agreeable to the returns as aforesaid.

[In every third year after the 1st Jan. 1819, the like returns to be made as are directed to be made in the year 1819.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the first day of January in every third year, from and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or within three calendar months afterwards, so long as this Act shall be, or be continued in force, the slave-holders as aforesaid, within these are directed to be Islands as aforesaid, shall make like returns under oath, as those hereinbefore described, of the several slaves to them belonging, or in their possession or charge, being on the first day of January respectively, in every third year as aforesaid, under the same penalties and forfeitures as aforesaid, for default of making the required returns, or of falsehood, or incorrectness therein. And after the expiration of the three calendar months last hereinbefore limited for the making of the said returns, it shall be the duty of the judges and justices of the peace as aforesaid, within the three calendar months immediately subsequent, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the secretary of the colony, or his lawful deputy, at his office in Nassau as aforesaid, all the last-mentioned returns then made as aforesaid, in the same form, and under the same pains and penalties, for refusing to receive returns, or other default herein, as is hereinbefore provided in the case of the returns to be made in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and in every return subsequent to those of the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be inserted the number of births and deaths which shall have taken place in the several gangs, of which returns are made during the three preceding years.

[Who deemed liable to make returns under this Act.]

V. And the better to ascertain who shall be liable to make and swear to the several returns hereinbefore-mentioned: Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the proprietor or proprietors of any slave or slaves within this Government, shall reside in the Island, in or upon which the slave or slaves included in any return to be made under this Act, shall be employed, and be of full age, and not under any legal disability or natural incapacity, it shall be the duty of such proprietor or proprietors to make the said returns and affidavits, when any such proprietor or proprietors shall be under age, lunatic, or the like, or being married women with personal property, separate from that of their husbands, it mall be the duty of the guardian and guardians of such infant and infants, lunatic and lunatics, if any such be, lawfully appointed, and of the husbands respectively of such married women, such guardian and guardians, and husbands, being resident as aforesaid, to make such returns and affidavits; but in all cases, when the proprietor or proprietors shall not be resident as aforesaid, or being so resident, shall be incapacitated as aforesaid, and he die or they have no lawfully appointed guardian or guardians; or if the said guardian or guardians, or the husbands of such married women as aforesaid, shall not be

14 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BAHAMAS,

resident as aforesaid, or the said husbands shall live separately from their wives, then and in all and every such ease or cases, the persons having the actual possession or charge of such slave or slaves within these Islands, shall be liable to make and swear to the said returns, and the said returns, by whomsoever made, shall contain not only the number and classification as aforesaid, of all slaves actually in possession of the proprietors thereof, or their agents or representatives, but also, of all slaves at sea, or who shall have run away; but in all cases of runaways, they shall be reported in the said returns, with a note annexed, specifying the special circumstances of each particular case:

[Runaways absent for three successive years, are not liable to be reported until after their actual return.]

Provided, however, that if such runaways shall be absent for the space of three successive years, from the service of the owners, it shall be no longer necessary to report them as aforesaid, until after their actual return: And provided also that nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to prevent any such proprietor or proprietors aforesaid, within the Bahama Islands, although not in the Island upon which the slave or slaves included in any such return, shall be employed, for making such return and affidavit, if he or they shall think fit to make the same.

[In case of mortgages of slaves, who considered liable to make returns of such mortgaged slaves.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whensoever any slave or slaves shall be mortgaged, or any property or interest thereon pledged, assigned, or the like, by Judgment at law or otherwise, in the way of security for the payment of money or the like, the party in actual possession of all such slaves, either by themselves or others, shall be considered as the actual proprietors of the same, for all the purposes in this Act expressed, touching the due returns of the same:

[Proviso.]

Provided, however, that when slaves shall be hired by the year or otherwise, the person hiring or employing the same, shall not be liable to make the returns and affidavit required by this Act, with respect to such hired slaves, unless when the actual proprietors shall be non-resident on these Islands, or being resident and incapacitated, shall not have guardians or the like, within the limits of the same.

[Duration of this Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force, from and after the passing thereof, for and during the term of six years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of the General Amenably, and no longer.

Passed the House of Assembly, the sixteenth of October one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Ls Kerr, Speaker.

Passed the Legislative Council, the twenty-second of October one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

William Vesey Munnings, President.

Assented to, the fourteenth of November one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Charles Cameron.

BARBADOES.

An ACT to repeal part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the governing of Negroes," and for building and regulating a new Cage.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the building heretofore used for the confinement of runaway slaves in this Island, and commonly called the Cage, is inconvenient in its situation, and unfit for the purposes for which the same was intended: And whereas it is highly necessary for the preservation of private property, and for the promotion of public justice, that the building wherein such slaves are confined should be healthy and commodious: And whereas it is expedient that the acts, statutes, provisions and regulations heretofore made, passed and enacted, of and concerning the said Cage, should be united and consolidated in one general Act;

[Clause 1st.]

Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency the Right honourable Stapleton Lord Combermere,

Knight Grand Cross of the most honourable military order of the Bath, of the royal Guelphic order, and of the Portuguese royal military order of the Tower and Sword, His Majesty's Captain General and Governor in chief of this Island; Chancellor, Ordinary and Vice Admiral of the same; the honourable the members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the authority of the same,

[Repeals the 7th, 9th, and 10th clauses of an Act for the governing of negroes, and all other]

That from and after the passing of this Act, the seventh, ninth and tenth clauses of an Act of this Island, intituled, "An Act for the governing of Negroes," and all and every the Acts and Statutes of this Island which have been at any time heretofore made and passed, in anywise relating to

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 15

BARBADOES.

[Acts relative to the cage of Bridge Town.]

the said cage, shall be and the sane are hereby, so far as the same concern or relate to the said cage, repealed and made void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and the several provisions and regulations herein made respecting the said cage, are hereby declared and enacted to be alone in force.

[Clause 2d.]

[A new cage to be forthwith erected in the place here mentioned, and for the purposes here stated.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a new cage shall be forthwith erected and finished on the spot of land where Willoughby Fort formerly stood (and which said spot of land, together with the buildings thereon erected, is hereby given and allotted for the purpose aforesaid) in the place and stead, and for the purposes for which the present cage has hitherto been used, under the regulations and restrictions hereinafter expressed.

[Clause 3d.]

[Appoints commissioners (three to be a quorum) to contract for the building of the cage, to be finished according to the annexed plan, which may be altered if the commissioners think proper; the contractor to complete the cage at a given time, and the expense not to exceed £300.]

And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That three members of His Majesty's Council, to be appointed by the Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, and five members of the General Assembly, to be appointed by the Speaker of the said Assembly for the time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed commissioners (three of whom are hereby declared to be a board) to superintend the building of the said new cage; which said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby invested with full and ample powers to contract and agree with any person or persons whomsoever for building the said Cage, and completely finishing the same, according to a plan hereto annexed; which plan, however, may in any instance be varied from or altered, by the consent of a majority of a board of the said commissioners, if they shall see fit; and the said commissioners, or any three of them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the said contractor completely to build and finish the said cage in a masterly and workman-like manner, within a given time to be agreed on, at and for a certain price or sum, not exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds;

[Security to be taken for the performance of the contract; which, when fulfilled, a certificate shall be granted on the treasurer for the payment of the sum that shall appear to be due to the contractor.]

and the said commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby required to take good and sufficient security from the contractor or contractors for the due performance of his or their contract; and when and so soon as the said commissioners, or any three of them, shall certify in writing to the treasurer of this Island for the time being, that the said building has been finished according to the contract and agreement entered into respecting the same, then and in such case the said treasurer shall pay to the said contractor the sum which shall appear by the said certificates to be due and payable under and by virtue of the contract so to be entered into as aforesaid; and the said commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby also fully authorized, whenever the said cage shall require to be repaired, to report the same to the House Of Assembly, that measures may be immediately taken for making such repairs,

[The cage to be kept in repair at the expense of the Island.]

it being hereby declared that the new cage shall be constantly kept in repair at the expense of the Island.

[Clause 4th.]

[Persons apprehending slaves shall take the oath here prescribed before the treasurer, or In his absence a magistrates may administer it, and return a certificate to the treasurer, who shall enter the same in a book, that owners may know when and by whom their slaves were apprehended.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who shall hereafter take up or apprehend any runaway or fugitive negroes, or other slave or slaves, shall and he and they is and are hereby ordered and directed, in the first place, to bring the said slave or slaves to the treasurer of this Island for the time being, and shall before him, the said treasurer, or in case of the sickness or absence of the said treasurer, then before any justice of the peace in Bridge Town (who is hereby required to return such affidavit to the said treasurer) make oath of his name and place of abode, with the time when and place where he apprehended such fugitive slave or slaves, and that he suspects, and has good cause to believe, that the said slave or dates is or are runaway; which oath the said treasurer is hereby required to take and enter into a book, to the intent that all owners of slaves may come to the right knowledge and understanding when their slaves were apprehended, and by whom, and whether they might be wrongfully taken up or not. And the said treasurer is hereby directed and required, after such oath as aforesaid, to pay out of the public treasury of this Island to the person or persons so apprehending such slave or slaves, and so having made such oath before the said treasurer or the said justice of the peace as aforesaid,

[12s. 6d. shall be paid by the treasurer, to the person apprehending a slave; recoverable in case of refusal, as servants’ wages.]

the sum of twelve shillings and sixpence currency for each and every slave so apprehendedras aforesaid; and in case the said treasurer shall neglect or refuse to pay the said, sum of twelve shillings and sixpence, the same shall be recovered against the said treasurer on complaint of the person or persons so apprehending such slave or slaves, to any justice of the peace, as in the case of servants wages;

[Persons apprehending slaves shall, after taking the oath, on penalty of]

and after such oath shall be so taken as aforesaid, the person or persons so apprehending such slave or slaves shall, under the penalty of five pounds, to be recovered on the complaint of any person, as in die case of servants wages, carry the same, and deliver him her or

16 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BARBADOES.

[£5, deliver such to the provost marshal, or his deputy, who is required to keep them in custody, and to furnish them with food, &c.]

them to the provost marshal of this Island or his lawful deputy or deputies, who is and are hereby strictly charged and required to keep such slave or slaves in safe custody, according to the provisions of this Act, and to furnish the said slave or slaves with good and sufficient food and drink, which is to be proved upon oath, if by the owner of the said slave or slaves it shall be so required to be done:

[Proviso. If a slave escape, the provost marshal shall make satisfaction to the owner, and shall refund the sum paid by the treasurer; and if a slave be employed whilst under confinement, he shall forfeit £10 to the owner.]

Provided always, if the said provost marshal suffer any slave to escape, he shall make such satisfaction to the owner as by the Governor and Council shall be thought fit, and shall repay to the said treasurer the sum of twelve shillings and sixpence, which he paid on apprehending such slave; and if the said provost marshal shall suffer any slave to be any ways employed out of the cage before he or she shall be legally released, he shall forfeit for each slave so suffered to be employed as aforesaid, to the owner thereof, the sum of ten pounds currency, to be recovered as aforesaid.

[Clause 5th.]

[Male and female slaves shall be confined separately in the cage, and not more than 11 of each shall be under confinement at the same time; whose names, with that of their respective owners, shall be published twice in the newspapers, and after being there 10 days, shall be confined in the gaol.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the male and female slaves confined in the cage, be kept in confinement in separate apartments, without any communication between them; and that not more than eleven males and eleven females be kept and confined at the same time in the said cage; and that the names of all such slaves so confined as aforesaid, together with the names and descriptions of their respective owners, if known, be advertised by the provost marshal, or his lawful deputy, two successive times in the public newspaper of this Island, in which the minutes of the House of Assembly for the time being may be printed and published, by the order of the said House of Assembly; and after such slave or slaves shall he confined in the said cage for the space of ten days, and after such two advertisements as aforesaid, the said two advertisements to be made within the said ten days, such slave or slaves shall be sent by the said provost marshal to the common gaol of this Island, there to be safely and securely confined;

[Slaves no claimed within three months after confinement in the gaol, shall be sold at public auction; notice thereof being first give as here directed; and

the money thence arising shall, after the deduction thereout of all fees and necessary expenses, be paid into the treasury.]

and if such slave or slaves shall not be claimed by his or her owner or owners, or his her or their lawful agent or agents, attorney or attornies, manager or managers, or other person or persons lawfully authorized to claim the said slave or slaves, within three calendar months, commencing from the day on which the said slave or slaves may be sent by

the provost marshal to the said gaol, and upon payment of the expenses herein-after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the provost marshal of this Island for the time being, or his lawful deputy or deputies, and he or they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to sell and dispose, at public auction, of such slave or slaves, for the most money that can be obtained for the same; of the time and place of which sale, notice shall be given in the said public newspaper of this Island, for two successive times, immediately after the said slave or slaves shall have been so confined in the said gaol aforesaid, before such sale takes place; and the money arising from, the sale of the said slave or slaves, shall be paid by the provost marshal into the public treasury of this Island, for the uses of the Island:

[If the purchaser do not pay within ten days after the sale, or the provost marshal within the like number of days after receipt, pay the net amount to the treasurer, they shall be proceeded against as here mentioned.]

And in case the purchaser or purchasers, at outcry of such slave or slaves, shall not pay to the said provost marshal the sum or sums so bid for such slave or slaves, within ten days; or in case the said provost-marshal, after receiving the same, shall refuse

or omit to pay it over to the said treasurer, within ten days after he shall have so received the same, then and in either of such cases happening, the same proceedings shall be had against the said purchaser or purchasers by the said provost marshal, or against the provost marshal by the said treasurer, as the case may be, for raising the said money, with twenty per cent, thereon, as are had and used on sales at outcry in the courts of common pleas:

[Proviso. If it be satisfactorily proved that the owner of a slave sold be absent from the Island at the time of sale, the treasurer shall, bu an order of the governor and council, pay him the net amount raised bu such sale.]

Provided always, nevertheless, that if at any time after the sale of such slave or slaves, it shall appear to the satisfaction of the Governor and Council, on application for that purpose, that the owner or owners of such slave or slaves so sold as aforesaid, was or were absent from this Island, or labouring under any legal disability, so that he or she could not claim the said slave or slaves, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Council to issue their order to the treasurer of this Island for the time being, to pay over to such owner or owners the net amount raised at outcry, by the sale of his or her slave or slaves:

[Proviso. A Tenant for life not claiming, shall forfeit his interest therein, and the person entitled in reversion shall hold possession.]

Provided always, nevertheless, That if a tenant for life shall not claim such slave or slaves at or before the time of sale, and the person or persons entitled in remainder, or any person by him lawfully authorized, shall in his behalf put in a claim for the same, and offer to pay all expenses which have been incurred at the cage and gaol, he shall be entitled to immediate possession in fee of all such slave or slaves, and the tenant for life shall forfeit his estate in the same.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 17

BARBADOES.

[Clause 6th.]

[Should the number of slaves brought for confinement, together with those in the cage, exceed the limited number, such slaves who shall have been the longer time, therein shall be removed to the gaol.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, upon any male or female slaves being brought to the said cage for admission therein, it should happen that the number of slaves brought for admission, together with the slaves then in confinement, exceed the number of male and female slaves allowed by this Act to be confined at one and the same time in the said cage, then and in such case, those slaves who have been the longest confined in the said cage, notwithstanding they may not have been there ten days, shall be delivered to the keeper of the common gaol, there to be safely and securely kept:

[Proviso. The same proceedings shall in every respect be here taken as is directed in the 5th clause.]

Provided nevertheless, that the same advertisements as are hereinbefore required to be made respecting slaves confined in the cage, shall be made of and concerning the said slave or slaves so removed under the circumstances aforesaid, in the same manner as if the said slaves had remained under confinement in the said cage, save and except that in the said advertisements, or either of them, it shall be stated that the said slave or slaves hath or have been removed to the said gaol, in consequence of the number of persons therein confined; and such slave or slaves so removed from the cage to the gaol aforesaid, previous to the time when they should have been so removed, shall be sold, in the event of not being claimed within three calendar months after being so sent to the gaol, in the same manner, and under and subject to the same rules and regulations as are hereinbefore prescribed with respect to those slaves which shall be removed from the cage to the gaol in the regular time prescribed by this Act.

[Clause 7th.]

[Upon the release of a slave, the owner shall pay 12s. 6d. to be returned to the treasurer, 2s. 6d. for confining the slave, and 7½d. for every 24 hours feeding; and the slave shall stand confined till the fees are paid.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any slave or slaves shall be claimed to be released, either from the said cage or from the gaol, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said provost marshal, or his lawful deputy or deputies, to demand and receive from the owner or owners of such slave or slaves, the sum of twelve shillings and sixpence, so paid as aforesaid by the said treasurer on the apprehending any such runaway slave or slaves as aforesaid, and pay the same cover to the said treasurer; and until the same be paid, it shall be lawful for the said provost marshal to detain and keep such slave or slaves in his possession as aforesaid; and the said provost marshal shall also demand and receive the following fees,

which must be paid before the said slave or slaves shall be delivered up; to wit, the sum of two shillings and sixpence for each slave who shall have been so confined and delivered, and seven-pence halfpenny for every twenty-four hours for feeding each slave; and in case the said fees shall not be paid, the said slave or slaves shall be sold in the same manner as if no claim had been made:

[Proviso. The respective keepers of the cage or gaol, to take particular receipts in a proper bound book, from such persons as shall claim slaves placed in the cage before their release, which receipt book shall be inspected free of expense.]

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the keeper of the cage, or the keeper of the gaol, if the slave or slaves shall have been removed to gaol, shall and each of them is hereby strictly to6 take charged and required, before he delivers any slave or slaves who shall be claimed, to take a receipt from the person or persons claiming such slave or slaves, that he she or they have, either in his her or their own right, or in any other right, claimed and received such slave or slaves; and the said receipt shall also contain the name and full description of the person or persons claiming such slave or slaves, together with the place of his her or their residence, and also the name and description of the slave or slaves so claimed and delivered up, which receipts shall be taken and recorded in one or more proper bound book or books, to be kept for that purpose respectively by the keeper of the cage and the keeper of the gaol; which books shall and may be inspected at any time in the day, by any person or persons whomsoever, without any fee or reward being payable for the same.

[Clause 8th.]

[The provost marshal is declared to be the cage-keeper, and responsible for the conduct of the same; and shall make a correct monthly return on oath to the clerk of the assembly, of the slaves sent for confinement to the cage, to be laid before the house.]

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said cage so to be erected as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby expressly declared to be placed under the immediate, care and direction of the provost marshal of this Island for the time being, or his lawful deputy, who is hereby declared to be the keeper of the said cage, and to be responsible for the good government and conduct of the same: And the said provost marshal, or his lawful deputy, shall every month make a true, just, and correct return on oath to the clerk of the General Assembly of this Island for the time being, of the number of slaves who have been confined in the said cage or jail, the day on which the said slave or slaves was or were first confined in the cage, and the day on which discharged, the number sent to jail, and discharged or sold; which return shall be made according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall be laid by the said clerk before the House of Assembly at the meeting succeeding the receipt of the same,

[The treasurer to account for all monies he shall receive under this Act.]

and the treasurer of this Island for the time being shall account with the committee of public accounts for all monies received by him by virtue of this Act, in the same manner as he is required to do for any other of the public monies in his hands.

18 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BARBADOES.

[Clause 9th.]

---

[The magistrates of the Island are declared the legal inspector* of the cage, with power to see that it is kept clean and wholesome, and that proper food be allowed the slaves under confinement; and to report any abuse that may exist to the house of assembly, in order that measures may bfe adopted for their remedy.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and it is hereby expressly declared, That the magistrates of this Island are the proper and legal inspectors, visitors, and supervisors of the said cage, and they are and each and every of them We and hath hereby full and ample power and authority given to and vested in them to visit and inspect the cage whenever they shall think proper so to do; and the said magistrates are, and each and every of them is hereby required to see that the said cage be constantly kept clean, healthy, and wholesome, and that good and sufficient food be allowed to the said slaves in confinement; and should it appear to the said magistrates, or any or either of them, that any abuses are suffered to exist, or that improper conduct is practised by any person or persons having the charge of the said cage, or in any manner connected with or employed in and about the same, then and in such cases the said magistrates, sov or either of them, are and is hereby required to make a report in writing of such conduct, or of such abuses, to the House of Assembly, at its first sitting after the same shall be discovered, in order that such measures may be adopted and carried into effect as may seem right and expedient to the said House of Assembly.

[Clause 10th.]

[The cage-keeper or his deputy for misbehaviour shall be prosecuted at the grand sessions, and punished to the extent of the offence.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the keeper of the said cage, or his deputy or deputies, shall be guilty of any crime, misdemeanor or offence, or misbehave himself or themselves in their respective situations, he or they shall and may be prosecuted at the court of grand sessions for the same, and punished according to the nature of the said crime, misdemeanor or offence, by "fine and imprisonment, or either, at the discretion of the said court.

[Clause 11th.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the keeper of the said cage shall not receive into the said cage any slave or slaves without such certificate as aforesaid 'from the treasurer, under a penalty of five pounds, to be recovered, levied and raised as in the case of servant’s wages, on the complaint of any person whomsoever, one half of the said forfeiture to the use of the public, and the other half to the Use of the informers.

The cagerkeeper shall not, on penalty of £.5. receive a slave into the cage without a certificate from the treasurer.

Read three times, and passed the Council unanimously, this second day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

- Wm. Husbands, Deputy Clerk of the Council.

Read three times, and passed the General Assembly, this fourth day of November ene thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

J. Win. Edxtf Elder, Acting Cleric of the General Assembly.

Assented to, by his Excellency the Governor, on the second day of December ene thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Wm. Husbands, Deputy Secretary.

A true Copy,1 from the Secretary’s office. — Attested, this thirty-first day of ’January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

Wm. Husbands, Deputy Secretary.

BERBICE.

BERBICE.

An ACT for the Registration of the Slave Population.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the purpose of giving efficacy to the Acts, of

His Majesty now in force, the 46th Geo. III. cap. 52, for the prevention of the illicit importation of slaves by any of His Majestys’ subjects, into the colonies or territories of foreign states or powers, or into the settlements, islands, colonies or plantations on the continent of America, or the West Indies, which have been surrendered unto His Majesty's anus during the late war; • the 47th Geo. III. cap. 3.6, for the abolition of the African Slave Trade; the 51st Geo. III. cap. .23, for rendering the raid last-mentioned Act more effectual,'for the purposes m the said Act declined; and 53d Geo. III. cap. 112, for‘enlarging the tune for commencing prosecutions for forfeitures under the same: And whereas, although the Governor and Ceuncil are fully satisfied that no-illicit importation of slaves is or has been buried cm within this colony/ nor any attempt at the aame has at any time; taken place; yet to obviate all doubts, which might, be ti^griously,1 but,erroneously

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OE SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 19

entertained by certain classes of His Majesty's subjects in Great Britain or else-where, or by foreign potentates pr powers, or the subjects thereof, that the aforesaid Acts of His Majesty, pr any of them, may he infringed, or are liable to be infringed by any of His Majesty's subjects, inhabitants or residents in this Colony, by the unlawful importation of slaves into the same, contrary to the intent, meaning, or provisions of the said Acts, to which the return of peace jis supposed to lend particular facilities: And whereas pone of His Majesty's subjects are more ready and anxious to promote and carry into due effect the laws of the parent state,' or to desire measures for enforcing the provisions of the same, than His Majesty's colonists of Berbice: And his Excellency Lieutenant Governor H. W. Bentinck, president of and in conjunction with die honourable the Council of Government of the said Colony, by law established, considering that a more exact specification, registration, and periodical return of the slaves within the Colony, may be conducive to the aforesaid desirable objects; Be it therefore enacted by his said Excellency, President as aforesaid, and by the said Council of Government, and by authority

of the same, —

Sect. 1. That between the first day of the month of October, now next ensuing, and the first day of the month of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen next ensuing, and in every third following year, every person who shall then be resident within this-Colony, and who shall, on the thirtieth day of September, of the respective years of registration, be in the possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator, receiver, guardian, lessee, attorney, or in whatever other name or title he may hold the same, shall respectively make and deliver upon oath to the registrar, hereinafter to be named and appointed, such schedule, list, and particulars in writing, as'&re Hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, every person in possession of any slave or slaves as aforesaid, shall so ipake and return a schedule or list, in writing, therein specifying, in the first place, his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners of such slave hr ^fayps, on whose behalf thej return is made, together with the name of the plantation, if any, to which such slave is attached, and the right or character in which the party haaEng such return, holds possession of and claims title to such slave or slaves, namely, whether as proprietor or mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, attorney, executor, administrator, guardian, or otherwise; and after such d^scriptiofts' as aforesaid, shall proceed to name, describe, and enumerate distinctly the several negroes, mulatto or other slaves belonging to the said owner or owners, m manner following, that is to say; the schedule or paper containing the said list, shall be divided into six perpendicular columns of convenient breadth respectively, entitled at the heads thereof, "Name, -Odour, Age, Lpiplpyment, Sex, and Country:" and in the first of the -said columns shall be inserted the name of each slave, by which he or she has been usually called or known; in the second of the Columns shall be inserted the colour of such slave, including under the term Colour, all those who are not black; in the third of the said columns shall be inserted the age of such slave; in the fourth of the said columns, shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation or ordinary employment of the slave; in the fifth of the said Columns, shall be inserted the sex of the slave; and in the sixth of the said columns shall be inserted,whether {he , slave is an African or Creole, and if a-Creole, the name of the Island or Colony , in which such slave was born, or from which he or she was brought, according,to the best of the knowledge, information, and belief of the owner, or other party making the return, according to the form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, to which all persons are required, so far as it shall be, found practicable, to conform.

And. where proprietors, managers, ^ttqjpies, or other representatives are owners of, or acting for more %m one estate pr plantation, then that such proprietors, managers, attornies, or other representatives, shall make a separate and distinct

cJ-‘

BERBICE.

When, by, and to whom, and under what forms and solemnities, returns of slaves are to be made.

Possessors of slaves to return a schedule thereof, with his or her own name, and name of owner, and deweriptidtt’df such staves; with' other pzrtteufcft.

Schedules to contain six columns. How the same are to be filled up.

return, after the.manner and in the jfpnn afore-mentioned, for every separate estate or plantation so held or . repr^ritp^ ^y them.'

Sect. 2. That in.aft jists or schpdtdes to be ip^e and returned as afpremid, after -requpma.by this tf^re '.shall Win every succeeding return cpi^tained tflie ,;|nd, pa^rihir ^cpqnt of all births and deaths of slaves belonging, to. the per son. or p^8,pnwl}Qsc behalf such return is made, within the thnee ,years next preepding riripe. the J^st jre^uri\S, wprp. maffe; pndalso an account ,..423- of

Distinct returns to be made for every separate estate or plantation:

Account of births and deaihv&nd of all deductions or addition of slaves, and (the cai?$e therepf, \6 be specified in ev^ry succeeding return.

20

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BERBICE.

of all deductions from, or additions to, the former list or lists of glares belonging to such person or persons within the same period, whether the same shall hare happened

by desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, enfranchisement or return of ragitive slaves, or by purchase, succession, reversion or other lawful acquisitions within this colony, or by any lawful importation, which shall be specified in every succeeding return, into the same; which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such return, so that the general increase and decrease of slaves, their condition and numbers, may be fully known and considered.

Return* to be made Sect. 3. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person on eath. making any and every such schedule and return, shall at the time of delivering

the same to the registrar, hereafter to be appointed, take the following oath, which the said registrar is hereby empowered and required to administer, under the penalty of six thousand guilders, Holland’s currency; (that is to say,)

Form of the oath. * You do Swear, That the List or Schedule now by you given in, contains

" a true and exact account and description, according to the several particulars therein specified, of all the slaves now attached or belonging to " the Plantation called in or now belongs

" ing to you, or in your possession, [\f ] or now belonging to, or

" in possession of, [name the owner or possessor,] within this Colony, according to the best of your knowledge, information and belief.

"So help you GOD."

Quakers, on affir- And all and every such owner and owners, person or persons, who are of the deno-

,natioD* mination of people called quakers, is and are hereby required, in like manner, to

give in the same, upon his or her or their solemn affirmation: Provided nevertheless. Sick or infirm per- in case of any owner or possessor of slaves, or representative of the owner, resident

sons may make re- in this colony, shall from sickness or any bodily infirmity be prevented from

turn by substitute, attending the said registrar, to deliver such list or schedule of his or her slave or slaves under their controul, as hereinbefore is directed, it shall mid may be lawful for any other person, on behalf of such owner or possessor, to give in such, (his or her list or schedule,) having previously seen such owner or possessor sign or subscribe the same in the form hereinbefore prescribed; such person so giving in for another, at the time of delivering such list or schedule, taking the following oath before the said registrar, who is hereby empowered and required, under the penalty aforesaidj to administer the same:

Form of oath prescribed for such substitute.

"You do Swear, That the person for whom you are now about to give in a List or Schedule of slaves, is prevented doing so in his or her own person, from illness or bodily infirmity, and that the List or Schedule, by you now given in, was signed by such person in your presence; and that the same contains a true and exact number and description of all the slaves now belonging to, or in the possession of the said according

" to the best of your knowledge, information and belief.

"So help you GOD.*’

Previous notice to be given of the periods appointed for the future returns of slaves.

Penalty in case of neglect.

Sect. 4. And to the intent that all persons required by this Act or Ordinance to return Lists or Schedules for any slaves, may be duly apprised, and have sufficient notice of the respective times of returning the samej Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every period after the first registration, the time for which is now by this Act appointed, the said registrar shall and he is hereby required, some time not less than two months immediately preceding the period herein appointed for the making of such returns of slaves as aforesaid, to give notice thereof m the official gazette of the colony, once at least in every week of the said two months, purporting such respective periods for giving in such returns to him the said registrar, or otherwise the said returns shall not be required to be made; and in case the said registrar shall in any respect fail therein, for every such offence he shall forfeit the sum of six thousand guilders, Dutch currency.

Schedules to be preserved by regis- .

Sect. 5. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said

registrar shall carefully preserve the Lists and Schedules so returned to him, and

cause the same, within six months after the return thereof, to be copied as clearly

book*or°bbok8in *nd distinctly as may be, into one book, or set of books, duly paged and indexed,

P»gsd and indexed; to be kept by him in his office, to which all persons may have free access during

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. ai

office hours, namely from 10 to 2, to examine the same; every person paying the sum of three guilders for such access and examination. And the said registrar is hereby further directed and required, upon application for the same, to give copies in writing, certified by himself, of any list or lists that may be desired; the person requiring the same, paying for each several list so required, the sum of one guilder ten stivers, if the number of slaves therein contained do not exceed twenty, and the further sum of fifteen stivers, for every further number of slaves not exceeding ten, after the first twenty that shall be contained therein.

Sect. 6. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as all the returns, lists, or schedules which shall have been delivered to the said registrar, pursuant to this Act or Ordinance, shall have been entered and recorded as aforesaid, the said registrar shall give notice thereof to the inhabitants of this Colony, in the manner as aforesaid, that the said books are and will continue open at the proper office, for the inspection, free of expense, of all persons who have made returns of slaves, for insertion therein, for the term of two months from the date of such notice; to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied with the accuracy of the said books, and of the said returns therein contained : And also, that if any owners and possessors of slaves within this Colony, shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have omitted to return full and proper lists or schedules of their slaves, as by this Act is required, they may immediately on discovering such error or omission, apply to the Governor for the time being of this Colony, in non-session of the honourable the Council of Government, or to the same, in conjunction with the honourable the Council of Government, during its established and ordinary session, who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, may thereupon order the admission, registration, and correction of such returns or schedules by the said registrar.

BERBICE.

open to inspection during office hours from 10 to s. Registrar to give certified copies of lists.

Fees allowed for same.

When all the schedules recorded, registrar to give notice thereof.

His books to be open for public and gratuitous inspection for two mouths from date of such notice.

How errors or omissions in returns may be corrected.

Sect. 7. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any per- Penalty on wilful son or persons whatsoever shall wilfully neglect to give into the said registrar a list or thread,

lists, schedule or schedules of his or her or their slave or slaves, as above directed,

*very such person or persons so neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twelve hundred guilders, Holland’s currency, for every such slave so neglected to be given in, to be distributed or disposed of as hereinafter directed, with respect to fines and penalties to be levied in and by virtue of this Act; such forfeiture or fine to be levied and recovered by the honourable the fiscal, or by the registrar himself, who in such matters is hereby empowered and authorized to levy and recover the same by fiscal action, before the honourable the court of civil justice of this Colony; and all and every slave or slaves so neglected to be given in, if such slave be an African, shall be Unregistered slave entitled to his her or their freedom, unless such person so omitting to give in any (if an African), to such slave or slaves, shall within six months after the discovery of such omission, es- be entitled to free-tablish by sufficient evidence before the Governor for the time being, that such dom’unlef5> &c* African slave or slaves, so omitted to be given in, had been legally imported, and such African so rendered free, shall hereby become entitled to the usual sum for maintenance allowed in such or similar cases by the Colony.

Sect. 8. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who may be at any time resident in this Colony, and who may have, keep, and Person* retaining

retain in his her or their possession, as a slave or slaves, any African or Africans ^him*orher

who may have been illicitly imported into this Colony, shall upon conviction to have been illicitly

thereof, in like manner as above mentioned, by action brought by his honour the imported, liable to

fiscal, or by the registrar himself, as empowered and authorized so to do by this Act penalty not exceed-

or Ordinance, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding six thousand guilders, Holland’s lng 6,000

currency, and be imprisoned in the common jail of this Colony,-for any time not ex- and imprisoned not

ceeding the period of two years. exceeding two

o r j years.

Sect. 9. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons thinking all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any proceedings of the said regis- themselves aggnev-trar, in any matter relating to this Act, may petition the Governor and the Council of Ltiti^gOTsror* Government for the time being, who are hereby required and fully empowered to and council, hear the parties, upon any such application, and determine thereon, and either to remit or otherwise, as to them may seem just and fitting, the penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed.

433. F Sect.

berbice.

Registrar to make duplicates of books and certify same on oath.

Form of oath.

To be sworn before governor.

Form of governor's certificate thereof.

Duplicate books to be delivered to the governor for transmission.

No erasure in registrar's books to be permitted.

How mistakes are to be corrected.

In case registrar wilfully make or suffer fraudulent entries or erasures,

drc.

On conviction thereof, bow punishable.

The like as to deputy or assistant in such case.

To what penalties others are liable in similar cases.

31 4. — FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

Sect. 10. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said regia* trar shall make and prepare, or cause to be made and prepared, perfect and accurate duplicates of the said books, and shall authenticate and certify the said duplicates by the following affidavit:

uBefore A.B. [ inserting the name and title of the Governor for the time

" being.] personally appeared C.D. [ himself,'] registrar of slaves of " this Colony, who being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists, makes oath and " saith, That the said C. D.has carefully examined and compared all the preceding entries in this book, with all the different returns of slaves delivered " to him, or to his knowledge or belief, to any deputy, clerk, or assistant by " him appointed; and that he is hereby enabled to depose, and does depose, " that the preceding return of the slaves of this Colony, is in all respects correctly and faithfully made."

Which affidavit, being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the Governor for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand:

" bA.B. [inserting the name and title of qffice,'] do hereby certify. That " the above affidavit was duly sworn before me, this day of

" one thousand eight hundred and

" Witness my hand, this day of one thousand

" eight hundred and

(Signed) " .

And the said duplicate books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the said registrar to his Excellency the Governor for the time being, who shall forthwith transmit the same to His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

Sect. 11. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no erasure shall, on any pretence or for any cause whatever, be at any time permitted to be made in any of the said books; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or particulars contained in the Schedule or return from which the same was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible^ and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall either be interlined or written in the margin; and the registrar shall, either under such word or words written in the margin, or Under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length.

Sect. is. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, -That if the said registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the book or books in his office, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be frudulently obliterated or altered, any entry winch shall have been duly made in the said hook or books, the said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence before the honourable the court of criminal justice of this Colony, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, Dutch currency, and be imprisoned for any rime not exceeding two years, in the common jail of this Colony; and if any deputy, assistant, or clerk of the said registrar, shall commit, or knowingly permit or sumac to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon the like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, and be imprisoned in the common jail of this Colony for any time not exceeding the period of two yean; and if any other person or persons in this Colony shall wilfully make or cause, or procure to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the said book or books, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been made in the said book or books, every such person or persons so offending, shall, upon like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, of like current money, and be imprisoned in the common jail of this colony, for any term not exceeding the period of two years.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 23

[BERBICE.]

Sect. 13. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aU and every the forfeitures and penalties arising out of this Act or Ordinance, shall be v

distributed in such manner and in such proportions as is directed by local provi- How penalties and sions in respect to fines or penalties in general. this Act sbdl bJXtributed.

Sect. 14. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall Registrar’s salary be paid to the said registrar, hereafter to be appointed, out of any of the public and* allowance for monies of this Colony, at and after the rate of two thousand four hundred francs, up Icate* 00 5 colonial money, annually and every year, by four equal quarterly payments, to be made in guilders, Holland’s currency, during all such time as he wall hold and exercise the said office of registrar, and the further sum of four thousand eight hundred francs, Holland’s currency, at such time as he shall complete and produce to his Excellency the Governor for the time being, authenticated duplicates of the aforesaid books of registry.

Sect. 15. That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor for the time being Governor to appoint of this Colony, to appoint, and he is hereby authorized and required to appoint, by registrar>&c-commission under his sign manual, some fit and proper person resident within this Colony, to be registrar of slaves therein; and that such registrar shall be personally resident within this Colony while he shall continue to hold his said office, except when from ill health or other necessitous cause, his temporary absence from this Colony shall be permitted by the Governor for the time being : . Provided nevertheless, that such temporary absence shall not exceed the period of twelve months; and if the said registrar shall be at any time absent from this Colony, without such permission or licence as aforesaid, he shall absolutely forfeit his office; and in case of death, absence, or incapacity of the said registrar, or any avoidance of the said office, a new registrar shall be in like manner appointed under the sign manual of the Governor for the time being as aforesaid.

Sect. 16. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and Finesandforfeitur« every the fines, forfeitures, and penalties hereinbefore imposed, shall be recovered how to be recovered, on complaint to his honour the fiscal, or to the registrar, as an officer of the Colony, for the especial purposes or matters arising out of this Act or Ordinance, who shall bring the aforesaid claim, and levy of forfeitures and penalties, before the honourable the court of civil justice, in the usual and ordinary manner, as in die cose of fiscal actions.

Sect. 17. And in order to prevent the giving in of double returns, which Provision toobviate might occur from a doubtful construction of this Act or Ordinance as to the party, doab,e return*, whether the actual proprietor or the party in possession shall make the aforesaid return: It is hereby enacted, That die usual proprietor, or his representative, and Persons hiring not the party who, by hire or otherwise, may have temporary possession of any ^"wtorotiwre10 slave or slaves, is bound to give in the returns as above directed. ere rn re-

Sect. 18. And whereas, in case of litigated claims to and concerning any indivi- In case of litigated dual slave or slaves, where returns under this Act or Ordinance shall have been j-kims on slaves, made by different persons claiming the same, it may be difficult and impossible req^red*r^ for the registrar, as above named, for the purpose of this Act or Ordinance, turn. justly to ascertain the rights thereto of such litigated parties; he, the aforesaid registrar, is hereby directed and authorized, as much as in him lies, to insert the required return, with reference solely to the direct occupation and possession, at the time of the return made, of the party making the same: And it is further, therefore, Returns to be used hereby declared and ordained, that the returns of registry under this Act or Ordi* *°lely Pttr* nance, shall be receivable only as evidence for the express purposes of this Act, and P0"8 0 Act' shall in no ways be deemed or considered admissible as substantiating any claims betwixt individuals in litigation.

Lastly. His Excellency the Governor and the Council of Government reserve Confirmation of to themselves all right, from time to time, of explaining further the enactments of ^orraer ordinances this Ordinance; hereby confirming, however, all previous laws and regulations 10 the

touching and concerning this matter, not contrary to the regulations this Act or Ordinance now published and established.

And that no ignorance may be pretended of the several orders contained in this Ordinance, these presents shall be published and sent round for general information.

24

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BERBICE.

Thus done and enacted at our adjourned session, held at the King's House, New Amsterdam, Berbice, this third day of September, in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

H. W. Bentinck,

E. Samuel,J. G. C. de W. and

A. Melville, B. J. Schwiers, .

In presence of R. C. Downer, Sec.

And published the same day; present, his Excellency Lieutenant Governor Bentinck, and the whole of the honourable members of council.

In presence of R. C. Downer, Sec.

Form of Schedule. RETURN of Slaves attached to Plantation situate

the property of .

This Return, made by [person's ], [quality of the ].

Name of Slaves. Colour* Ago. Employment. Sex. Place of Birth.

DEMERARY.

DEMERARY.

An ACT for more fully ascertaining the Slave Population, &c. &c.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it has been asserted in the mother country, that the re-establish-

ment of peace will afford facilities to an illegal introduction of slaves into the British settlements in the West Indies and in South America: And whereas the honourable Court of Policy of this Colony, notwithstanding it feels the strongest conviction that no such importation into this Colony ever has been, or is likely to be attempted, since the enactments of the Abolition Acts of the mother country, is yet anxiously desirous to join in carrying into full execution all measures that may be deemed necessary for giving strength and efficacy to statutes47 Geo. III. s- i.cap. 36, and 51 Geo. III. cap. 23, for the abolition of the slave trade:

And whereas many advantages may be derived to the inhabitants of this Colony, from a more exact specification and return of the slave population, which advantages, in fact, were experienced whilst a Registration Act was heretofore in force and vigour: Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Major General Murray, Lieutenant Governor, &c. President of and in conjunction with the honourable the Court of Policy of this united Colony, by law established, and by the authority of the same, —

Enactsappointmefit Sect, j. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor for the time being,

howtobe^ppoioted and with the consent of the honourable the Court of Policy of this united Colony,

P ' to appoint, and he is hereby authorized and required to appoint, by commisson under his sign manual, by and with the consent of the honourable the Court of Policy, some fit and proper person, resident within this united Colony, to be registrar of slaves therein; and that such registrar shall be personally resident within

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 25

this Colony while he shall continue to hold his said office, except when from ill health, or other necessary cause, his temporary absence from this united Colony shall be permitted by the Governor for the time being: Provided, nevertheless, that such temporary absence shall not exceed the period of twelve months; and if the said registrar shall be at any time absent from this Colony, without such licence or permission as aforesaid, he shall absolutely forfeit his office; and in case of death, absence, or incapacity of the said registrar, or any avoidance of the said office, a new registrar shall in like manner be appointed by the Governor of this united Colony for the time being, by and with the consent of the honourable the Court of Policy, under the sign manual of the Governor for the time being aforesaid.

Sect. 2. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That between the first day of the month of June now next ensuing, and the first day of the month of September now next ensuing, and in every third following year, every person who shall then be resident within this Colony, and who shall, on the 31st day of May, of the respective years of registration, be in possession of any slave or slaves, within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, guardian, lessee, attorney, or in whatever other name or title he may hold the same, not herein described, shall respectively make and deliver upon oath to the registrar, so to be appointed as aforesaid, such schedule, lists and particulars, in writing, as are hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, every person in possession of any slave or slaves as aforesaid, shall so make and return a schedule or list in writing, therein specifying, in the first place, his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners of such slave or slaves on whose behalf the return is made, together with the name of the plantation, if any, to which such slave is attached, and the right or character in which the party making such return holds possession of, and claims title to, such slave or slaves, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, attorney, executor, administrator, guardian or otherwise; and, after such descriptions as aforesaid, shall proceed to name, describe, and enumerate distinctly the several negroes, mulatto, or other slaves belonging to the said owner or owners, in manner following, that is to say: the schedule or paper containing the said list, shall be divided into six perpendicular columns of convenient breadth, respectively, entitled at the heads thereof, " Name, Colour, Age, Employment, Condition, and Country." And in the first place of the said columns, shall be inserted the name of each slave by which he or she has been usually called or known; in the second of the columns, shall be inserted the colour of such slave, including under the term coloured, all those who are not black; in the third of the said columns, shall be inserted the age of such slave; in the fourth of the said columns, shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation, or ordinary employment of the slave; in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted the condition of the slave, whether invalid, superannuated, or able; and in the sixth of the said columns, shall be inserted whether the slave is an African or Creole, and if a Creole, the name of the Island or Colony in which such slave was born, or from which he or she was brought, according to the best of the knowledge, information, and belief of the owner, or other party making the return. And for the better ascertaining of the proper forms of such returns of slaves as are hereby required to be made, and that every person may strictly adhere thereto, a form, or example of such returns, is contained in a Schedule to this Act annexed, to which all persons are required, so far as shall be found practicable, to conform; in which said Schedule, the above-mentioned six perpendicular columns are drawn and described; and in which are set out and marked two large and distinct lateral divisions, the one for the purpose of inserting the names, colour, age, employment, condition, and country, as aforementioned, of males, and the other of females, as herein required, for the purpose of this Act or Ordinance.

Sect. 3. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all Lists or Schedules to be made and returned as aforesaid, after the first general returns required by this Act, there shall be in every succeeding return contained a true and particular account of all births and deaths of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such return is made, within the three years next preceding, since the last returns were made; and also an account of all deductions from, or additions to, the former list of slaves belonging to such person or persons, within the same period; whether the same shall have happened by desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, enfranchisement, or return of fugitive slaves, or by purchase,

DEMERARY.

Between the 1st day of June and the 1st of Sept all persons in possession of slaves to return lists or schedules thereof, upon oath, to the registrar of this colony, containing the name, description, and other particulars of the parties making such returns.

Schedules to describe the names, colour, age, employment, condition, and country.

After the expiration of three years, returns to be delivered, containing an account of all deductions from, and additions to, the former stock of slaves, whether by birth, death, or otherwise.

DEMERARY.

Returns to bt made ou oath.

Forrp of oath.

Persons who shall, from sickness or otherwise, be prevented from attending personally to deliver in returns to the registrar, may appoint a substitute.

Form of oath to be taken by such substitute.

The registrar to publish the periods for making returns.

The returns to be registered within a limited time, exactly according to the returns.

Office copies of the registered lists or returns, to be delivered if required! The registrar to he enlittaf to certain feet.

When all the rer torus are restored, notice thereof

aS 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

succession, of reversion, or ether lawful acquisitions, within this united Colony; or by any lawful importation; which particular cause or mode of deduction, or addition, shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such return, so that the general increase and decrease of slaves, their condition, and numbers, may be fully known and considered.

Sleet. 4. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person making any and every such schedule and return, shall, at the time of delivering the same to the registrar, take the following oath; which the said registrar is hereby empowered and required to administer, under the penalty of six thousand guilders, Holland’s currency, (that is to say) :

" You do Swear, That the List or Schedule now by you given in, contains " a true and exact account and description, according to the several particulars therein specified, of all the slaves now attached or belonging to the " Plantation called. in or now belonging to yqu, or in your possession [if owner,] or now belonging to or in * possession of [name the owner or ,] within this Colony, according

" to the best of your knowledge, information, and belief.

"So help you GOD."

Provided nevertheless, that in case any owner or possessor of slaves resident in this Colony, shall, from sickness or any bodily infirmity, be prevented from attending the said registrar, to deliver such list or schedule of his or ner slaves, as hereinbefore is directed, it shall and may be lawful for any other person in behalf of such owner or possessor, to give in such his or her list or schedule, in the form hereinbefore prescribed; such person so giving in for another, at the time of delivering such list or schedule, taking the following oath before the said registrar; who is hereby empowered and required, under the penalty aforesaid, to administer the same: —

" You do Swear, That the person for whom you are npw about to give in a List " or Schedule of slaves, is prevented doing $0 in his or her own proper person, " from illness or bodily inprmity; and that the List or Schedule by you now " given in, was signed by such person in your presence; and that the same " contains a true and exact number and description of all the slaves now <* belonging to or in the possession of the said according

" to the best of your knowledge, information, and belief.

* So help you GOD."

Sect. 5. And to the intent that all persons required by this Act or Ordinance to return lists or schedules for any slaves, may be duly apprised, and have sufficient notice of the respective times of returning the same; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at every period after the first registration, the time for which is now by this Act appointed, the said registrar shall and he is hereby required, some time not less than two months immediately preceding the period herein appointed for the making such returns of slaves as aforesaid, to give notice thereof in the official gazette of the Colony, purporting such respective periods for giving in such returns to him the said registrar; and in case the said registrar shall in any respect fail therein, for every such offence he shall forfeit the sum of twelve hundred guilders, Dutch currency.

Sect. 6. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall carefully preserve the lists and shedules so returned to him, and cause the same, within six months after the return thereof, or as soon after as possible, to be copied a& clearly and distinctly as may be, into one bode or set of books duly paged and indexed, to be by bun kept in his office, to which all persons may have free access during office hours, to examine the same > every person paying the sum of three guilders for such access and examination. And the said registrar is hereby further directed and required, upon application for the same, to give copies in writing, certified by himself, of any list or lists that may be desiredj the person requiring the same paying for each several list so required, the sum of one guilder ten stivers, if the number of slaves therein contained do not exceed twenty; and the further sum of fifteen stivers for every further number of slaves not exceeding ten, after the first tweqty that shall be contained therein.

Sect. 7. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as all the returns, fists or schedules, which shall have been delivered to the said

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. <7

registrar, pursuant to this Act or Ordinance, shall have been entered and recorded as aforesaid, the said registrar shall give notice thereof to the inhabitants of this united Colony, in manner as aforesaid, that the said books are and will continue open at the proper office, for the inspection, free of expense, of all persons who have made returns of slaves, for insertion therein, for the term of two months from the date of such notice; to the intent that all persons interested, may be satisfied of the accuracy of the said books, and of the said returns therein contained; and also that if any owners or possessors of slaves within this Colony, shall, from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have omitted to return full and proper lists or schedules of their slaves, as by this Act is required, they must immediately on discovering such error or omission, apply to the Governor for the time being of this united Colony, in non-sessions of the honourable the court of policy, or to the same, in conjunction with the honourable the court of policy, during its established and ordinary sessions; who upon Satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, shall thereupon order the admission, registration, and correction of such returns or schedules by the said registrar.

Sect. 8. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully neglect to give in to the said registrar, a list or lists, schedule or schedules of his or her or their slave or slaves, as above directed, every such person or persons so neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twelve hundred guilders, Holland's currency, for every slave so neglected to be given in j one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and one moiety to be paid into the public treasury of this Colony; such forfeiture or fine to be levied and recovered, by the honourable the fiscals, or either of them, or by the registrar himself, who in such matters is hereby empowered and authorized to levy and recover the same by fiscal action, before the honourable the court of criminal and civil justice of this united Colony. And all and every slave or slaves so neglected to be given in, if such slave be an African, shall be entitled to his her or their freedom, unless such person or persons so omitting to give in any such slave or slaves, shall, within six months after the discovery of such omission, establish by sufficient evidence, before the Governor for the time being, that such African slave or slaves, so omitted to be given in, had been legally imported; and such African so rendered free, shall hereby become entitled to the usual sum for maintenance allowed in such or similar cases by the Colony.

Sect 9. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who may he at any time resident in this Colony, and who may have, keep and return in his her or their possession, as a slave or slaves, ray African or Africans who may have been illicitly imported into this Colony, knowing the same to have been illicitly imported, shall, upon conviction thereof, in like manner as above mentioned, by action brought by their nonours the fiscals, or either of them, or by the registrar himself, as empowered and authorized so to do by this Act or Ordinance, forfeit and payasum not exceeding six thousand guilders, Holland's currency, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this Colony, for any time not exceeding the period of two years.

DEMERARY.

to be given; and the means of supplying omissions within a limited time therein specified.

The governor may direct returns to be received and registered after the limited time, in cases of accident or unavoidable impediment, and not from wilful default.

Persons omitting to register slaves, liable to forfeit 1,300 G. H. C. fo each slave unregistered.

Persons who may have, keep and retain any African, who may have beep illicitly imported, knowing the same, to be prosecuted. Persons convicted, as before, to forfeit 6,000 g. h. c. and imprisoned.

Sect. 10. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. Pities That all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any proceedings of the said registrar, in any matter relating to this Act, may address by petition the Governor for registrar, may the time being, who is hereby required and fully empowered to hear the parties ply to the governor upon any such application, and determine thereon, and either to remit, or otherwise, for as to him may seem just and fitting, the penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed; he, the Governor, being required, at the next ordinary sessions of the court of policy, to inform the said court of such his direction, upon ray such application having been made to him.

Sect. 11. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said regis- Th* regwtm u> trar shall make and prepare, or cause to be made and prepared, perfect and accurate reci8t«r8Pand^owf duplicates of the said hooks, and shall authenticate and certify the said duplicates by l0 j* authenticated the following affidavit:

"Before A.B. [ inserting the name and title of the Governor for the time

" being,] personally appeared C.D. [naming himself] registrar of slaves

" of this Colony, who being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists, makes " oath and saith, That he the said C.D. has carefully examined and compared all the preceding entries in this book, with all the different returns of " slaves delivered to him, or to his knowledge or belief, to any deputy, clerk,

DEMERARY.

Form of governor's certificate.

Ko erasures to be permitted in the registry books.

18 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts

or assistant by him appointed; and that he is hereby enabled to depose, and does depose, that the preceding return of the slaves of this Colony, is in all respects correctly and faithfully made."

Which affidavit, being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the Governor for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto the following Certificate under his hand.

I, A.B. [inserting his name and title of office,'] do hereby certify, That " the above affidavit was duly swom before me, this day of

" one thousand eight hundred and Witness my

" hand, this day of one thousand eight and

(Signed) " .

And the said duplicate books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the said registrar to his Excellency the Governor for the time being, who shall forthwith transmit the same to His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

Sect. 12. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no erasure shall, on any pretence, or for any cause whatever, be at any time permitted to be made in any of the said books; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or particulars contained in the schedule or return from which the same was made, or if any other mistakes shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible; and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall either be interlined or written in the margin, and the registrar shall, either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length.

Sect. 13. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the book or books in his office, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said book or books, the said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence before the honourable the court of criminal and civil justice of this united Colony, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, Dutch currency, and be imprisoned fir any time not exceeding two years, in the common gaol of the Colony; and if any deputy, assistant, or clerk of the said registrar, shall commit, or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon the like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this Colony, for any time not exceeding the period of two years; and if any other person or persons in this Colony, shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the said book or books, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or erase, or procure to be erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been made in the said book or books, every such person or persons so offending, shall, upon like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, of like current money, and to be imprisoned in the common gaol of this Colony, for any term not exceeding the period of two years.

Sect. 14. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the forfeitures and penalties arising out of this Act or Ordinance, shall go to the informer, in proportion hereto before specified in section eight; and all remaining sums, forfeitures and penalties, shall forthwith be paid by the parties recovering the same, into the colonial chest, and become applicable to the usual and current expenses of the government; save only and excepting the necessary costs and expenses incurred by the recovery of the same.

Registrar’s salary, Sect. 15. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be and how to be paid, paid to the said registrar, so to be appointed as aforesaid, out of any of the public monies of this Colony, at and after the rate of two hundred pounds sterling annually and every year, by four equal quarterly payments, to be made in guilders, Holland’s currency, at the exchange of the time when due, during all such time as he shall

If registrar make any fraudulent entries or erasures,

the registrar shall, upon conviction, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding 6,000 o. h. c. and be imprisoned for any time not exceeding two years.

Penalties for such offences by other persons, deputy, &c. to be subject to the like penalties.

Forfeitures and penalties, how to be disposed of.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 29

DEMERARY.

Fines, forfeitures, and penalties, how to be recovered.

Persons in legal possession to make the returns, i. e. not persons hiring, or having temporary possession.

Returns of registry made under this Actr to be receivable only as evidence for the express purposes of this Act

hold and exercise the said office of registrar; and the further sum of six hundred pounds sterling, at the exchange as above explained, at such time as he shall complete, and produce to his Excellency the Governor for the time being, authenticated duplicates of the aforesaid books of registry.

Sect. 16. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the fines, forfeitures and penalties hereinbefore imposed, shall be recovered, on complaint to their honors the fiscals, or either of them, or to the registrar, as an officer of the Colony, for the especial purposes of matters arising out of this Act or Ordinance, who shall bring the aforesaid claim and levy of forfeitures and penalties before the honourable the court of justice, in the usual and ordinary manner, as in the case of other fiscal actions.

Sect. 17. And in order to prevent the giving in of double returns which might occur from a doubtful construction of this Act or Ordinance, as to the party, whether the actual proprietor, or the party in possession, shall make the aforesaid return; It is hereby enacted, That the actual proprietor or his representative, and not the party, who by hire or otherwise may have temporary possession of any slave or slaves* u bound to give in the returns, as above directed.

Sect. 18. And whereas in cases of litigated claims to and concerning any individual slave or slaves, where returns, under this Act or Ordinance, shall have been made by different persons claiming the same, it may be difficult and impossible for the registrar, as above named, for the purposes of this Act or Ordinance, justly to ascertain the rights thereto of such litigating parties; he, the aforesaid registrar, is hereby directed and authorized, as much as in nim lies, to insert the required return, with reference solely to the direct occupation and possession, at the time of the return made, of the party making the same r And it is further therefore hereby declared and ordained, That the returns of registry, under this Act or Ordinance, shall be receivable only as evidence for the express purposes of this Act, and shall in no ways be deemed or considered admissible, as substantiating any claims between individuals in litigation. Lastly, the honourable the Court of Policy reserves to itself all right of from time to time explaining further the enactments of this Ordinance; hereby confirming, however, all previous laws and regulations touching and concerning this matter, not contrary to the regulations of this. Act or Ordinance now published and established.

---

And that no ignorance may be pretended of the several orders contained in this Ordinance, these presents shall be published, and sent round for general information.

Thus done and enacted at our adjourned assembly, held at the Court House, George Town, Demerary, the eighteenth of March, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and published the twenty-fifth following.

(Signed) John Murray.

By Command of the Court, Charles Wilday, Clk Ct. Policy.

SCHEDULE.

A LIST of SLAVES belonging to (or in the lawful possession of) A. B.

MALE SLAVES.

Names. Colour. Age. Employment. Condition. Country.

30 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DEMERARY.

FEMALE SLAVES.

Name. Colour. Age. Employment. Condition. Country.---

The whole number of Slaves belonging to (or in the lawful possession Of A. B.) is _____.

A true Return of A.B. _____ day of _____.

DOMINICA.

DOMINICA.

An ACT for registering the Slaves in this Island.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Legislature of this Colony is desirous to show its sincere disposition to guard against any possible infringement of the laws for abolishing the slave trade: And whereas a general registry of slaves has been considered the most effectual method of accomplishing the said object; We, therefore, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Dominica, humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; —

---

Clause 1st. And be it therefore, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by Governor, Council and Assembly of the said Island, and by the authority of the same, That between the first day of March and the first day of June next ensuing, every person resident in this Island, who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as owner, mortgagee, trustee, guardian, executor, receiver, lessee, attorney, manager, or otherwise howsoever, shall deliver in upon oath to the treasurer,

<JThis lawful deputy, of the «rid Island, such Yeturas, lists, and particulars, in writing, as are hereinbefore mentioned; that is to say, in the ’first place, the right or character in which the party making such return -holds possession of «udi Slave or slaves; and where such slaves are attached to and wrought upon plantations, the name of the plantation to which the said slaves are so attached; and shall proceed to nathe, describe and enumerate the several slaves then belonging to or held in possession by him her or them, by lists to be made out in manner following; that is to say, the said returns shall be divided into eight perpendicular columns, of sufficient breadth respectively, entitled at the heads thereof, " Number, Names, Sex, Colour, reputed Age, Country, ordinary Employment, Remarks:" in the first of which columns shall be mentioned the numeral order of such slave; in the second column, the usual name of each slave; in the third column (which shall be divided into two smaller columns, to be entitled at the heads thereof, " Male and Female,") the sex of moh slavey in the fourth column, the colour of each slave$ in the fifth column, the reputed age of each slave; in the sixth column, (which shall be divided into two smaller columns, to be entitled at the heads ’thereof, " Creole and African,") the country of each slave; in the seventh column, the ordinary employment of eaeh slave; in the eighth column, any other circumstances respecting each slave, which may tend more accurately to identify the individual; such as the said slave being a runaway, and the name of the particular island and country in Africa where the said slave may have'been born, or from whence he may have been brought, so far as the same can be ascertained; and for the greater uniformity of such returns of slaves, and that no person may pretend ignorance of the proper forms thereof, an example of such return is contained in a'Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) to which all persons are required to conform.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 31

DOMINICA.

[Clause 2d.]

And be it further enacted, That between the first day of March end the first day of June, in every third year after the present year, every person then resident in the said Island, who shall he in possession of any slave or slaves within the same as aforesaid, shall deliver in upon oath to the treasurer of the said Island, such returns, lists, and particulars in writing, as are hereinafter mentioned; that ip to. any, in the first place, the right or character in which the party mating such return holds possession of such slaw or slaves, and where such slaves are attached to, or wrought upon plantations, the name of the plantation to which such slave# are #o attached, wall, in the next place. State the number of slave# contained in the former return, and shall then proceed to specify the number, names, sox#, colour, reputed age, country, and ordinary employment of each, and every such slave as may have been added to or taken from the said former return, together with the causes of such increase or decrease, whether the said increase shall have arisen from birth, purchase, gifts, succession, reversion, or other lawful acquisition whatsoever, or the qaud decrease from death, sale, gift, manumission, or other cause whatsoever; and in case of such increase or decrease arising from purchase or sale, the name of the person or persons of or to whom the said slave or slaves may have been purchased or sold, to be specified in the return; and for the greater uniformity of the said triennial returns of slaves, and that no person may plead ignorance of the proper forms thereof, an example of such return is contained in a schedule to this Act annexed, marked R, to which all persons are required to conform.

[Clause 3d.]

And be it further enacted, That every person making the rptwrns as aforesaid, dull at the time <of delivering the same, subscribe his name or ordinary mark, nod take the following oath, which the said treasurer is hereby empowered and required to administer, under the penalty of three hundred pounds for each neglect; vis,

* I, A.B. [ naming ‘himself] do Swear, That the List or Return now by me " given in, contains a true and exact account and description, according to " the several particulars therein specified, of all the slaves now attached to "* or belonging to the "Plantation called in the parish of

* {or, belonging to me, owner,] or belonging to

* for whom I am attorney, agent, trustee, or otherwise,

* [as the case may be,] according to the best of my knowledge, information and belief, and that no one of the said slaves has been, to my knowledge, imported into this Island, contrary to the existing laws for abolishing the slave trade.

So help me GOD./’

firorided.'ftlwsjn, That an ease any owner of slaves cesident in this Island, ehall, ifram 'richness or any bodily infirmity, be prevented from attending the said rirua-fsurer nr his deputy to deliver such return of his or her slave or slaves, , it shafi «nd maybelawful for any ether person in behalf of such owner, to give in such his or bar list or return, such person so giving in for another, at the rime of delivering -in «udi list or return, -taking the following oath before the treasurer or his deputy, who is hereby authorised and required, under the penalty aforesaid, to ad-mirdster the same; viz.

44 I, A, B. [naming himsilf] do Swear, That the person for whom I am about w lto give in a List or Return of Slaves, is prevented from attending in per son by illness [or, bodily infirmity, as the case may be,] and that the List 44 or Return now given in by me, was signed by such owner in my presence,

44 and that the same contains ,a true and exact number and description of all the slaves now belonging to the said C- JO., according to the-best of my 44 information, knowledge and belief, and that no ope ,01 the said slaves has been to my knowledge, or fas I firmly believe) the knowledge of the said proprietor, imported into this Island contrary to the existing laws for abolishing the slave trade.

So help me GQD."

And to the intent that all persons required to deliver in lists or returns of slaves, Preamble, may be duly apprised, at the proper time of -delivering in such returns; —

[Clause 4th.]

Be it therefore enacted, That the treasurer or his deputy, shall and he is hereby required, as soon as possible after the publication of this Act, to send printed copies of the same to the officers commanding the militia of the respective parishes and districts, who are hereby required to read the same, or cause the same to be read, on their.respective parades immediately after calling fibe.rolls, for three

32 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DOMINICA.

successive meetings after receiving the same; and in like manner the treasurer shall in the month of February in every third year after the present year, send to the said Commanding officers of militia, advertisements in Writing or print, by him signed, notifying the proper time of delivering in the triennial returns of slaves required by this Act; which advertisements the said commanding officers are hereby required to read, or cause to be read, on their respective parades immediately after calling the rolls, for three successive meetings after receiving the same; and further, that the treasurer or his deputy shall cause to be printed at the public expense, a sufficient number of forms of returns of slaves directed by the first clause of this Act, according to the Schedule maked (A.), and shall transmit the same, along with the printed copies of this Act, to the respective commanding officers of militia, who are hereby required to distribute the said schedules or forms to such persons as shall apply for the same; and in like manner the treasurer or his deputy shall in the month of February in every third year, after the present year, cause to be printed, and send to be distributed as aforesaid, a sufficient number of the forms of triennial returns of slaves directed by the second clause of this Act, according to the schedule marked (B.); and if the said treasurer or his deputy, or Officer commanding the Royal St. George’s regiment, or any of his independent companies of militia, shall neglect to perform any of the duties by this clause directed, such party so offending shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds currency.

[Clause 5th.]

And be it further enacted, That if any person shall willfully neglect to give in to the said treasurer or his deputy the list or return of slaves by this Act directed, such person shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds current money, for every slave so neglected to be returned; one moiety to be paid to the informer or person suing for the same, and the other moiety to be paid into the treasury of this Island for the public uses of the Colony; and in case the party so offending shall have possession of any slave or slaves so neglected to be returned for registration in the capacity of mortgagee, trustee, guardian, receiver, lessee, attorney, executor, manager, or otherwise, as the representative of any other person or peiv sons, such person shall not only forfeit for every slave so neglected to be returned the aforesaid sum of one hundred pounds, but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of any person or persons who shall or may sustain any damage or injury by such neglect; and that if any person shall return as a slave or shall hold in his possession as a slave any African who shall have been illegally imported into this Island, knowing the same to have been illegally imported, the attorney general, upon information lodged to that effect, is hereby required to enter a prosecution against such offender in the court of King’s Bench and grand sessions held-lor the said Island; and every offender convicted of holding such African in slavery as aforesaid, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding five hundred pounds currency, and be imprisoned in the common gaol of this Island for any time not exceeding the period of two years; one half of such fine to be paid to the informer, or person suing for the same, and the other half into the public treasury of the said Island; and such African so having been illegally held in slavery shall be entitled to receive from the treasurer the sum of six pounds twelve shillings per annum, for and during his natural life, or so long as he shall remain a resident of the said Island.

[Clause 6th.]

And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or his deputy shall carefully preserve the original lists and returns given in to him, and cause the same, within three months after receiving them, to be copied clearly and distinctly (under the names of the parishes from which such returns are respectively made) into a book strongly bound and duly paged and indexed, to be by him provided and kept in his office, and such book or books are hereby declared public property; and when and so soon as the said lists or returns shall have been duly entered and recorded as aforesaid, the said treasurer or his deputy shall give notice forthwith by advertisements in the public newspaper, that the said bode is completed, and the said book shall continue open in the treasurer’s office for the inspection (free of all expense,) of such persons as shall have made returns of slaves for the term of three months from the date of such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied of the accuracy of said record: Provided always, That if any owner or possessor of slaves in this Island, shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have omitted to return full and proper lists or returns as required by this Act, such person may and is hereby authorized to apply by petition to the

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 33

DOMINICA

legislature, and upon approval thereof, the treasurer shall receive such omitted -or corrected returns, and in like manner that the treasurer or his deputy shall receive and record the triennial returns of slaves required by this Act, in all respects as prescribed with regard to the original returns.

Clause And be it further enacted, That if the treasurer or his deputy

shall refuse to receive for registration any return which he ought to make, any entry which he ought to make, or shall in the exercise of his said office, refuse or neglect to do any thing which he is herein required to do, such treasurer or his lawful deputy, shall for every such offence incur the penalty of two hundred pounds currency, and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of such person or persons as may be aggrieved, or sustain any damage or injury by such refusal or neglect.

[Clause 8th.]

And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any pretence whatsoever be permitted in the said books of registry; and if a clerical error be committed, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words so inserted, without effacing the same, and the corrections thereof shall be made by interlining the proper word or words, and if practicable, in the same hand-writing as the rest of the returns so corrected, and the treasurer or his deputy shall write his name at length in the margin opposite to every such interlineation; but offer the said books of registry, whether of the original or triennial returns of slaves, shall be completed and certified as hereinafter directed, no interlineation, alteration or correction, shall on any account be made or permitted to be made therein; and that if the said treasurer or his deputy shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made, by false or fraudulent entry in his books of registry, or either of them, the treasurer or his deputy shall, upon conviction of such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding five hundred pounds currency, and moreover be declared incapable of holding the office of treasurer; and if any other person or persons shall fraudulently make or procure to be made any false entry or erasure in the said books, or either of them, every such person shall, upon conviction thereof, forfeit any sum not exceeding five hundred pounds currency, and besides be imprisoned in the common gaol for any time not exceeding two years; and the treasurer or his deputy or other person so convicted, shall moreover be liable to the civil suit or action of any person who may have sustained any damage or injury by such erasure or alteration.

[Clause 9th.]

And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or his deputy shall at the expiration of the term of three months, from and after completing the entries of returns of slaves in the original book of registry, and also at the expiration of the like term, after completing the entries of each successive triennial return, finally close and authenticate the said original and triennial registry, by subscribing his name, and affixing his official seal immediately under the last entry, in each of the said books, and shall subjoin an affidavit to the following effect; viz.

* Before A.B. [ inserting the name and title of Governor, or Commander in rt Chief,for the time being,'] personally appeared C. D.

*treasurer of the said Island, and made oath, that he has carefully and " minutely examined and compared all the foregoing entries, with the different " returns of slaves delivered to him. and that the preceding registry of " slaves is in all respects truly, correctly, and faithfully entered."

Which affidavit having been subscribed by the treasurer or his deputy, shall be sworn to before the said Governor or Commander in Chief, who shall subjoin a certificate under his hand and seal at arms; viz.

. "I, A.B. [ inserting the name and title of office,] do hereby certify, That " the above affidavit was this day duly sworn before me. Witness my hand and " seal at arms, at government house, this day of in the

" year one thousand eight hundred and (Signed) " A. B.*

Clause 1 oth. And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer shall, after the authentication of the said return of slaves, as hereinbefore directed, take and receive out of any public monies in his hands, the sum of three hundred pounds currency, for all the duties required of him by this Act; and also a like sum for every triennial return so completed; and any person or persons requiring a certificate copy or copies, or extract or extracts from said registry, the treasurer1 is authorized to demand

Number.

34

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DOMINICA.

for such copies or extracts, at and after the rate that the^registrar is allowed by his docket of fees, for copies or extracts of deeds out of his office.

[Clause 11th.]

And be it further enacted, That in all questions respecting the freedom or slavery of any individual, arising in any court, or before any magistrate in this colony, a duly certified copy of the registration of such individual in the books of the said treasurer, or his deputy, shall be received as sufficient prima idence

of the slavery of such individual: Provided always, that where any dispute shall arise respecting the right or title of any person or persons to any slave or slaves, such registration shall not be deemed evidence of the property of such person or persons as shall be set forth in the said books of registry, as the reputed owner of such slave or slaves.

[Clause 12th.]

And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, forfeitures* and penalties imposed by this Act, for which the mode of recovery has not been hereinbefore declared, shall be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any court of record in this Island; and that one moiety of the said fines shall go to the informer or person suing for the same, and the other moiety to be paid into the treasury of the colony, for the public uses thereof.

[Clause 13th.]

And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully make any false oath to any of the matters or things by this Act required, or shall corruptly procure or suborn any person or persons to mike such false oath, such person or persons so making, or procuring to be made such false oath, as aforesaid, shall be declared guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall, upon conviction thereof, suffer such punishment as is inflicted for such offences by the laws of England.

[Clause 14th.]

And be it further enacted, That two hundred copies of this Act shall be printed at the public expense, for the use of the members of the legislature, the justices of the peace, the public officers, and the officers commanding the Royal St. George’s regiment, and respective independent companies of militia, and that the treasurer do and he is hereby directed to pay for the same.

Passed the House of Assembly, this eleventh day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventeen. J. . Acting Clerk of Assembly.

W. Anderson, Speaker.

Passed the Council, this seventh day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Joseph Court, Acting Clerk of the Council.

SCHEDULE (A.)

General RETURN of SLAVES belonging to _____ made this _____ day of 1817, by _____.

Number. Names. Sex: Male. Female. Colour. Reputed Age. Country: African. Creole. Ordinary Employment. Remarks

1. William. 1 -. Black. 35. 1 -. Driver. An Ibbo, pitted with small-pox.

2. Eusebe. 1 -. Mulatto. 25 1 -. Mason. Creole of Antigua, blind of the right eye.

3. John. 1 -.

4. Thomas. 1 -.

5. George. 1 -.

6. Mary. - 1.

7. Ann. - 1.

8. Eliza. - 1.

9. Jane. - 1.

- - 5. 4. - - 3. 6.

1 - Cab re 30 1 Field Labourer Ditto, run away since 1st December last*

1 - Mestiff - *5 1 Cooper - - - Ditto, of this Island, lost his left leg*

1 - Black - - 3 1 1 - Sickly, the child of Ann.

1 Cabresee - 35 I Domestic - - Creole of Barbadoes.

1 Black - - 30 1 • Field Labourer A Congo.

1 Black - - *5 1 - - - Ditto - - From the Gold Coast.

1 Mulatto - 1 - 1 - The child of Mary.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 35

DOMINICA.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Triennial RETURN of SLAVES belonging to _____ made this _____ day of _____ 1820, by _____.

ll J a 9 fc Names. S *2 a ex. • 9 1 £ Colour. Reputed Age. Country. V 1 Ordinary Employment. Cause of Increase and Decrease. REMARKS.

030 per last Return no 190 m m 90 140

Increase*

1 Joseph - . 1 - Black - - 33 • 1 Carpenter • Purchased of A.B. Native of Martinique.

2 Thomas - - 1 - Mulatto - 3° - 1 Cooper - • Gift of C.D. - - Creole of this Island.

3 Harry - - 1 Black - - 95 1 - Field Labourer Inherited from E. F. An I bo.

4 James - - 1 - Ditto - - 1 - 1 - Born Cadd dale.)

5 Kitty - - - 1 Ditto - - 30 1 - Domestic - Legacy from G. H. Mandingo.

6 Nancy - - - 1 Cabress * * - 1 • Born --- The Child of Kitty.

7 Louise - - - 1 Black - * - 1 -

937 Total Increase 4 3 2 5

Total - »4 1^3 99 *45

Decrease.

1 Alexander - 1 - Cabre - - 18 - 1 Carpenter - Sold to J. K.

3 Bob - - - 1 - ' Black - - 95 1 - Domestic * A Gift to L. M.

3 Tom - - - 1 - Ditto - - 5° 1 - Field Labourer Died. 4

4 Sylvia - - - 1 Mulatto - 30 - 1 Domestic - Manumitted*

5 Polly - - 1 Black - 75 1 - Sick Nurse - Died

6 Sophia - - - 1 Mulatto - 31 - 1 Sempstress - Sold to N. O.

— 3 3 3 3

331 111 130 89 149 Total Remaining.

---

An ACT, intituled, "An Act to extend the time limited by the Act for the registry of Slaves in this Island; and to indemnify such persons as may have failed in making their Returns within the time prescribed by that Act, and for other purposes."

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it has been found that several persons have from various causes, unintentionally failed in giving in their general return of slaves within the period required by the Registry Act, and have since presented them for registration, but which returns the treasurer is not authorized to receive, whereby such persons have become liable to the heavy fines and penalties imposed by the aforesaid Act, and without such returns, the general Registry of Slaves in this Island could not be made complete; for the remedy of such persons,and for obtaining a more complete primary general return, —

Clause 1st. Be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Governor, the Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Dominica, that from and after the publication of this Act, the treasurer is hereby authorized and required to receive alt returns made to him in manner and form required by the Registry Act, until the first day of October, next ensuing and no longer; and all such persons as may hereafter tender their return of slaves, on or before the first day of October as aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby fully indemnified, acquitted, and set free from all fines, pains, and penalties by them individually incurred by the Registry Act, and from all suits in respect thereof; and the Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to record all such returns as if they had been made in the time prescribed by the

36 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DOMINICA

Registry Act: Provided always, that nothing hereinafter contained shall exempt or exonerate from all and every fine or fines imposed by the said Registry Act on every person or persons who may neglect or refuse delivering in their return of slaves for registration, after the said first day of October next ensuing.

And whereas it has been found impossible to procure in these Islands blank books of sufficient size and substantial binding, wherein to record in a clear, distinct, and permanent manner, the general Registry of Slaves, and that the treasurer will be compelled to send to England for books for that purpose, whereby the time may expire at which such record is directed to be completed before they can be procured; —

Clause 2d. Be it and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the further term of four months shall be and is hereby granted to the treasurer to complete such record, free and exempt from all fines and penalties imposed on him by the said Registry Act, provided he shall complete such record within the further extended time.

Passed the House of Assembly, July the twenty-ninth, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) John Henry Neuman, Clerk of Assembly.

W. Anderson, Speaker.

Passed the Board of Council, this sixth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

J. H. Garraway, Acting Clerk of the Council.

Assented to by his Excellency, this sixth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Charles W. Maxwell.

Passed the Patent Office the same day.

By command, J. M. Williams, Gov. Sec. and Clk Pat.

Duly proclaimed in the town of Roseau, this seventh day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Henry Trew, P. M.

An ACT to establish Courts of Petty Sessions at stated times, for the Trial by Jury of Runaway or other Slaves in custody of the Provost Marshal, for Crimes under any of the Laws of this Island now existing, or hereafter to exist, for regulating, and in some instances varying their Punishment, as established by Laws now in force; for the more speedy Trial of Slaves committed for Misdemeanors or Petty Offences, by Justices of the said Court without a Trial by Jury; and to enable the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Grand Sessions of the Peace, immediately on the termination of their Sessions, to hold Courts of Petty Sessions for the Trial or Gaol Delivery of Slaves then in Custody of the said Marshal, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the irregular and frequent non-attendance of justices of the peace summoned to hold courts of special sessions under the laws of the Island now in force, has frequently occasioned great delay in bringing slaves committed for crimes or other offences to speedy trial, and considerable loss and expense to their owners, by paying burthensome gaol fees, and the loss of their labour: Therefore, and for remedy whereof, We, Your Majesty's loyal and obedient subjects the Governor in chief of this Your Majesty's Island of Dominica, the Council and Assembly of the same, do most humbly pray Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, —

Clause 1. And be it and it is enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That a court of petty sessions hereby established, shall be holden the first Wednesday of April, June, October and December in every year, at the court-house in the town of Roseau, at the hour of ten o’clock in the forenoon of each day, and of any succeeding day by adjournment, not exceeding three days; which court shall consist of five justices of the peace, and not more, at each sitting, whereof, three if present, shall form a quorum, or number competent to hold a court and transact the business thereof; and the said court of petty sessions is hereby declared to be a court of record in the said Island to all intents and purposes, and shall meet and sit

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 37.

DOMINICA.

as aforesaid without any commission or public notice being necessary for holding the same, or any particular form to qualify the justices to sit thereat, and the provost marshal of the said Island, or person acting for him, shall summon or cause to be summoned five justices of the peace, as near as may be in rotation, residing in the town of Roseau, the parishes of St. George, St. Paul, St. Joseph, St. Luke and St. Patrick, by giving them seven days notice of the holding of such court, to attend which they are respectively summoned; and the said provost marshal shall summon twelve jurors to attend the said court, and also witnesses when required, by giving each of them the like previous notice for that purpose, of which jurors, six shall be sufficient to form a jury in the said court on the trial therein of causes then depending.

Clause 2. And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the said court of petty sessions is hereby authorized and required to inquire into, try or determine all such complaints, matters or things, and to bring to trial all and every such slaves respectively, as shall be brought before the same, of and concerning, or for all such crimes or offences as the said court is or shall or hereafter may be authorized to try, examine, or inquire into and determine by virtue of powers granted to justices of the peace, or courts of special sessions under any of the present or future laws of this Island, and shall be attended at each sitting by the proper officers; namely, His Majesty's attorney general, the secretary, marshal, coroner, and interpreter, who are bound to be present at, or who have usually attended courts of special sessions heretofore.

Clause 3. And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the said justices shall not attend on the day appointed in the said summons, the absence of such justice shall, within twenty-four hours after the day specified for holding the said court, be reported in writing by the provost marshal, or person acting for him, to the chief justice of this Island, or in his absence therefrom, to the senior member of His Majesty's council on the Island, who shall forthwith make an order on such report to the provost marshal, directed in writing, to require such absenting justice or justices of the peace to attend the said chief justice or senior member of the council, at the place therein named, on any day therein specified, between five and within ten days after the date of such order, to account, or give a reasonable excuse for the cause of his or their absence; and if such account or excuse shall not appear satisfactory to the said chief justice, or in his absence to the senior member of the council, or if the said absenting justices, or any of them, shall not attend, then the said chief justice, or senior member of the council, shall and he is hereby empowered and required to impose a fine on such absenting justice or justices for such his or their absence, not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five, current money, and thereupon to issue his order or warrant in writing directed to the provost marshal to levy such fine on the goods and chattels of such absenting justice or justices of the peace, in the same manner that fines imposed by the courts of King’s Bench and grand sessions of the peace are generally levied and applied for the benefit of this island, according to the one hundred and thirty-eighth clause of the act of this Island, commonly called the Court Act: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace so fined as aforesaid, to appeal from such order of the said chief justice or senior member of the council, to the Governor or Commander in chief of this Island, who is hereby authorized, on considering the same, to confirm the said order, or to remit or mitigate the fine thereby imposed.

Clause 4. And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That when any cause, complaint, commitment, matter or thing, shall be brought forward, instituted or depending in the said court hereby established, and shall not be disposed of or determined during the session or sitting thereof, by reason of the non-attendance of parties, jurors, or witnesses, or for any other cause, then the said court may, at the discretion thereof, and it is hereby authorized to adjourn or continue the same to the next session of the said court, and so on toties quoties, until the same shall be disposed of, or determined by the court; and where any slave or slaves, or other person or persons shall be brought before the said court for examination, or trial for or relative to offences not capital, or where such trial or examination shall not be completed or determined during the session of the court, then the said justices thereof in open court, or any justice of the peace in consequence of or pursuant

38 4.FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DOMINICA.

---

to any order of the court, may out of court discharge such slave or slaves or

other person or persons from the custody of the provost marshal, or of any constable (the marshal or constable bein^ first satisfied for his lawful fees, if any are due) on bail being given and entered into by recognizance, in a sum to be fixed by the said court for the appearance of such slave or slaves, or other person or persons, at the then next sitting of the court; which recognizance, if the court shall determine it forfeited for non-compliance with the condition thereof, shall and may be prosecuted in the court of common pleas, in the same manner as forfeited recognizances returnable in the court of king's bench, and grand sessions of the peace are prosecuted, recovered, and the money levied or paid for the benefit of the Colony into the public treasury thereof; and to that end, all recognizances entered into or taken by virtue of this Act, shall before the next sessions of the court after it was returnable, if adjudged forfeited, be filed with the secretary of the said court, and due notice thereof be given by the said secretary, within three days afterwards, to His Majesty's attorney or solicitor general, in order that the same may be sued for, and the penalty recovered and applied as aforesaid; and all witnesses or jurors duly summoned as aforesaid not attending, or not giving a good and lawful reason or excuse at the next session for not attending, to be judged by the court; and all jurors who shall depart the court without the leave of the court, shall for each default, without a reasonable excuse, forfeit as a fine the sum of five pounds current money: but the court may nevertheless, during the sitting of the same, mitigate or wholly remit any fine whatever imposed by the court, but not afterwards, which fine shall be levied and recovered by a warrant or order issued by the authority of the said court, and signed by the secretary of the said court, directed to the provost marshal, and shall be applied as above directed when actually received by the said provost marshal.

Clause 5. And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices of every court of king's bench and grand sessions of the peace, hereafter to be holden for the said Island, as soon after the termination of the business before the said last-mentioned court as may be, but not before the final close of the session; and they are hereby authorized and required to adjourn the last-mentioned court, and to form themselves into a court of petty sessions and gaol delivery of and for the trial, punishment, or release of all and every slave and slaves, person or persons then confined in gaol, or in custody, or present in court, in consequence of being bailed for any of the offences aforesaid, cognizable by the court under this Act, and by a petty jury of six persons taken by ballot out of the number of jurors dttmmoned for the common business of the said court of king's bench and grand sessions of the peace, in the same manner and to the same extent as the justices of the court of petty sessions hereby established, are authorized to proceed m similar cases; and the said court so adjourned into a court of petty sessions, is hereby empowered and authorized to make all such rules and regulations in and for the more orderly, regular, or speedy proceedings of or in the said court, or by or of the officers thereof, as they shall deem necessary for effecting the purposes of this Act, or any of them,as well when the said court shall be holden by or before them, as by or before the said justices of the peace at their sittings or sessions aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, and to alter or amend the said rules or regulations as they shall deem necessary for effecting the purposes of this Act, or any of them, or the furtherance of justice in the said court; which rules and regulations shall be as valid and binding in law as if made part of this Act, and inserted in the body thereof.

Clause 6. And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That m all causes or cases of slaves brought to trial before the said courts, for crimes, offences or misdemeanors, where, on conviction thereof, the person or persons so convicted, would by law be liable to be sentenced to be banished from the Island, or to suffer imprisonment, or some corporal punishment authorized by law, it shall and may be lawful for the said courts, and they are hereby authorized, by the judgment or sentence thereof, to vary or mitigate such mode of punishment, or part thereof, and to order the party so convicted to be punished, in lieu thereof, by solitary confinement in any place now or hereafter to be appointed for the solitary confinement of slaves; or by being put, by way of correction, to work and labour with the gaol' gang of slaves usually worked and employed in or about the town of Roseau, for such a length of time as the said court shall think fit, but in no case longer than twelve months, and the gaol fees of such slave or slaves to be charged to the Colony.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 39

Clause 7. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That sixty copies of this Act be printed at the public expense, and that the treasurer do pay for the same.

Passed the Board of Council, this nineteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventeen. Arch? President.

F. H. , Act. Clk. of Council.

Passed the House of Assembly, this ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen. Wm , Speaker.

J. H. , Clerk of Assembly.

Assented to, this ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Charles W. ('^™j*) Maxwell

Duly proclaimed in the town of Roseau, this tenth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Henry , Provost Mar. Gen.

DOMINICA.

GRENADA.

[Preamble.]

GRENADA REGISTRY ACT, 1817.

An ACT for establishing a Registry ol Negro and other Slaves on the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies.

WHEREAS the restoration of general peace may render the evasion of the laws now in force for the abolition of the slave trade, less difficult to evil-disposed persons, and on this account, as well as for the satisfaction of the mother country, it is expedient that, in addition to the laws now in force in these Islands for ascertaining the annual state of the population, and of the increase and decrease of the slaves therein, that a separate and distinct registry, on a more minute and extended scale, should be established under the rules and regulations hereinafter contained;

May it therefore please Your Most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it and it is hereby enacted by his Excellency the Governor and Commander in chief in and over the Island of Grenada and its dependencies, the members of His Majesty's Council, and the representatives of the people in General Assembly convened, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the publication of this Act, there shall be established in this Island a public registry for the registration and enrolment, in manner hereinafter directed, of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes, or others, who now are or at any time hereafter shall be in a lawful state of slavery within the said Island and its dependencies, and who shall be respectively registered or returned for registration as hereinafter directed, on or before the thirty-first day of July in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being of the said Island and its dependencies, from time to time to appoint any proper person to be registrar during pleasure, for the purposes hereinafter mentioned; and that such registrar, so to be appointed, shall act personally, and not by deputy; and before he shall be competent to act in that capacity, he shall take, before the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, (who is hereby authorized to administer the same,) the oath following; that is to say,

"I, A.B. [meaning himself,i] do solemnly Swear, That I will, according to Oath to be taken " the best of my judgment and ability, faithfully and impartially execute by registrar,

" the office of registrar, pursuant to the directions of the Act under which " I have been appointed to that office."

"So help me GOD."

And shall also enter into a recognizance before the Governor or Commander in chief and security given for the time being in council, himself in the sum of three thousand pounds currency, by bim* and two sureties, to be approved of by the Council and Assembly, in the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds like currency, each conditioned for the faithful,^ impartial, and personal discharge of his duty as registrar; which sureties shall severally

Clause 1st.

Enacts thata public registry be established for the registration of all negro and other slaves, to be registered and returned for registration on or before the 31st day of July 1817.

Clause ?d: Registrar to be appointed by governor, or commander in chief.

40

4 — FURTHER.PAPERS RELATING. TO THE [Acts of

GRENADA.

Clause 4th. Between the first day of Mayand 31st day of July, all persons in possession of slaves to return lists or schedules thereof to the registrar, with the names and descriptions and other particulars, agreeably to form annexed.

make oath that they are worth the sums contained in their receguiaanqes, after payment of their just and lawful debts.

Clause 3d. And be it further enacted, That the registrar under this Act to be appointed,

v'XdV0hirna°"he Prov^e» at the public expense, the necessary books, strongly and durably public expense* for bound, for the purpose of the registries and enrolments hereinafter directed; in the purpose of the which books shall be entered and registered, as hereinafter directed, the names and registries. descriptions of all the slaves in this Island and its dependencies.

And be it further enacted, That between the first day of May and thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all and every person and persons who shall then be resident in this Island, or any of its dependencies, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator, receiver, lessee, attorney, agent, executor, administrator, guardian or committee, or in any other right or character, whatever his her or their title, trust or interest in any such slave or slaves may be, shall respectively make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered, unto the said' registrar, to be recorded by him, such schedules, lists, and particulars, agreeably to. the form hereunto annexed, marked (A.) subscribed by him her or them, to be called his her or their return of slaves, as are hereinafter mentioned; (that is to soy,) a list or schedule as aforesaid, together with a duplicate thereof, containing in the first place, his her or their name or names and descriptions, and the name description of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners, claimant or claimants of such slave or slaves in whose behalf the return is made, according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person or persons respectively making such returns, and the right or character in which the party making such returns holds possession of or claims title to such slave or slaves, namely, whether aa proprietor, lessee, mortgagee, sequestrator, guardian, committee, trustee, receiver, executor, administrator, attorney, agent, or otherwise, and shall proceed name,: describe and enumerate distinctly therein the several negro, mulatto, or other-’ slaves which shall belong to or be held in possession by him her or thein, on' the thirtieth day of April next ensuing; and the names of the estates (if any) upon which such slaves respectively are usually worked, by lists, to be entitled in manner following; (that is to say,) " A List of Slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of A. B." And such lists shall be divided into separate columns or compartments, the one to be entitled, " A general List of Male Slaves belonging to or in the possession of A. B." The schedule or paper containing each of the said columns to be subdivided into perpendicular columns of convenient breadths, respectively entitled at the heads thereof, " Names, Age, Colour, Country, Conspicuous Marks," — according to the said schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.); and one of the said returns shall be kept by the registrar, and be deposited in his office, and the other, signed and certified by the registrar, as corresponding with the one kept by him, shall be delivered back to the person making the same; and upon receiving each return, the registrar shall number both parts thereof with the same number, according to the order in which such return is received, and shall give a receipt specifying the number of such return, and the day of receiving the same; the intedt of sum* humbera being, that the registrar may and he is: hereby required and dwarfed examine and register the returns in the exact order in whien they are respectivelys received by him; and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name-oft such slaves; and the name by which each slave shall first be returned and registered shall continue for ever after to be the name of such slave, and shall not afterwards be' changed; in the second of the said columns the supposed age of the said slave; in the tmrd of the said columns shall be inserted, negro, mulatto or mustee, as the' case may be, and such other designation of shades of colour (if any) as is in use within the Colony; and in the fourth • of the said columns shall be inserted whether the slave is an African or Creole; and in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted the conspicuous mark of such slave; and at the end of each of the said returns shall be summed up, and set down in words at length, the whole number of slaves contained therein; and for the better ascertaining of the proper form of such returns of slaves as are hereby required to be made, a form or example of such returns is contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to which all persons are required to' conform, and the registrar is hereby required to provide, at the public expense, printed blank copies of the said forms of returns, and deliver them gratis to all persons applying for the same.

. * And

Schedule to contain and describe names, age,colour, country, and conspicuous marks.

Registrar to provide at public expense, printed blank copies of forms and deliver them gratis.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 41

And whereas it will tend greatly to the convenience of the said registrar, and of GRENADA, the several persons required by tins Act to make the returns hereinbefore directed, v. v

that stated periods should be appointed for the inhabitants of the town of St. George, clauM and the dimrent parishes of the said Island, and of the Grenadines annexed to the stpmte period* government thereof, for giving in such returns to the said registrar; Be it, and it appointedfortaking 1* hereby further enacted. Hut ail and every the returns required by this Act to returns of the be given in for the town of St. George, shall be made and delivered to the said of

registrar from the first to the fifteenth day of May next inclusive. The returns for the parish of St. George shall, in like manner, be made and delivered from the sixteenth to the thirtieth day of the said month of May inclusive. The returns for the parishes of St. John and St. Mark, from the first to the fifteenth day of June next inclusive. The returns for the parish of St. Patrick shall in like manner be made and delivered to the said registrar from the sixteenth to the thirty-first day of June next inclusive. The returns for the parish of St. Andrew shall in like manner be made and delivered to the said registrar from the first to the fifteenth days of July next inclusive; and the returns for the parish of St. David shall in like manner be made and delivered to the said registrar from the sixteenth to the thirty-first day of July next ensuing; and the returns for the island of Carriacou, and the other islands dependent on the said island of Grenada, shall and may in like manner be made and delivered to the said registrar at any time between the said first day of May and thirty-first day of July *next ensuing.

And be it further enacted, That any and every person making and subscribing CUum 6th. any and every such schedule or return, and before the same shall be received by re-

the registrar for registration, such person or persons so making and subscribing any turn* to make oath and every such schedule or return, shall make oath before the registrar or (in ease' before the registrar, of sickness) before any of His Majesty's justices of the peace (such eases of sickness or " cm*e «<*-to be moved before such justice by the oath of a medical practitioner) to the purport 1[Jaith*

and effect following; which oath the said registrar, or in case of sickness as aforesaid, ^4 eg-tct any of His Majesty's justices of the peace is hereby authorized and required tefollowing. administer without fee or reward; such oath to be annexed to the said return.

I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, That the Schedule or Return hereunto annexed Fonn o{ °*tfa-*contains, as I venly believe, a just, true, and full return, account and .

" description of all the dares in the possession of or belonging to or worked upon the Plantation therein named [or, belonging to or in the possession of the owner, or the parties therein named, the case may be, and being within this Colony] save and except as to such slaves as may have absented and secreted themselves, or absconded, whose names are therein set forth \yohen the same is the ]; and I do further Swear,"

" That the said Return or Schedule is made by me, according to the best of *my knowledge and belief, truly and without fraud, deceit or evasion.

"So help me GOD."

And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such returns as aforesaid shall CImm 7th. have been duly made and received by the registrar, ne shall proceed to register and *et""* r*‘

copy dm acme, with all convenient speed, in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a !

peeper book or set of books to be kept by him, precisely conformably with the said books to be kept

returns. by registrar, coo-

fonnable to returns.

And be it further enacted, That on the thirty-first day of December next cm- CUttM suing, the registrar shall finally close and authenticate the primary or original On jut December registration of all the slaves in this Island and its dependencies, which shall thence- mxt, primary or forth be called, " The Original Registry of Slaves or the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies," in manner following; to wit, in each of the said books, or in the last mthoatientod of any set of such books, the said registrar shall write with his own hand, in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves, either on the same, folio or double page, or on the back of the last leaf containing the same " Registry of Slaves of the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies, up to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventeen And the said registrar shall thereto subscribe his name and affix his seal; and below the said signature shall be written in like characters, by the said registrar, the following affidavit:

" Armada. Before A. B, [ inserting the name and title the , - F«m of affidavit to

u nant Governor, or civil Commander m chief for the time being] personally 433. L appeared retBn"*

42 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

Governor's certificate.

Clause 9th.

Index to be made out for each book, and attached slaves to be doubly, io-dpx*d.

GRENADA. * " appeared C.D. [m&mtog him the registrar of slaves in' the said

" Island of Grenada and its Dependencies, who boing duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty. God, makes oath and says. That ho " the said C.D. has carefully examined and compared all the preceding " entries in this book [or, in the set of books] with all the different returns " of slaves delivered to him; that the preceding registry of slaves of the " Island of Grenada and its Dependencies, is in all rejects correctly and " faithfully made.’*

[To be sworn before governor.]

Which affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief for the time being, who is hereby authorized to administer the same oath, and who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand and the great seal of this Island.

"I, A.B. [inserting his name and title of ] do hereby certify, That " the above affidavit was duly sworn before me, this day of

" one thousand eight hundred and Witness

" my hand and the great seal of the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies

" this day of one thousand, eight hundred

""d "A.B." (l.s.)

And be it further enacted, That the registrar shall make out for each of the said' books, or set of books of original registry, a full alphabetical index, and all returns of attached slaves shall be therein doubly indexed (that is to say,) The names of estates in respect of which returns shall have been respectively made, and also the names of the persons on whose behalf the same respectively shall have been made, shall be indexedj and as to personal or unattached slaves, the names of the respective owners by whom or the,persons on whose behalf the same respectively shall have been made, shall- be inserted in the same-index, and the same index shall refer as well to the respective numbers of all returns as to the pages of the books, in which pages the same are respectively, registered.

And it is hereby further enacted, That within two calendar months at latest, after the said original registry shall be closed and authenticated as aforesaid, the said registrar shall complete accurate and perfect duplicates of the said books, or set of books of original registry, with their respective indexes, by causing the same respectively to be carefully transcribed into other bodes of like sizes and forms to be provided for that purpose, and shall authenticate and certify each of the said duplicates, in the same manner and form in all respects as is hereinbefore directed in regard to the said originals respectively, except that in the affidavits and certificates to be thereunto annexed, the same-shall be described as duplicates of the original registries; and the said duplicate book or books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the registrar to the Governor, lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief for the time being, who shall, by the first safe conveyance, transmit the same under his official seal to. His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

And be it further enacted, That on or before the thirty-first day of January in the year one thousand , eight hundred and eighteen, and on or before the thirty-first day of January in each and every succeeding year (the first return to be for the preceding-eight months only,) every person resident in this Island or any of its dependencies, who shall be in the possession of any slave or slaves within this Island, or any of its dependencies, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, sequestrator, trustee, receiver, lessee, attorney or agent, committee or guardian, executor or administrator, or in any other character, or who shall own or possess any personal slave or slaves whatsoever within this Island, or any of its dependencies, whatever his or her title, trust or interest in any such slave or slaves may be, shall make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered to the registrar, an account or schedule in writing, by him or her subscribed (agreeable to the form or schedule hereunto annexed,) marked (B.)

Clause 10th. Duplicates of. books and indexes to be prepared by registrar within a limited time';

and shall be delivered by registrar to governor, who is to transmit the same to the secretary of stale for the colonies.

Clause nth.

That on or before the 31st Jan. 1818, and in each succeeding year, a return to be delivered, containing an account of all’births aftd-deaths since preceding year.

agreeable to a schedule annexed.

---

[And also an account of all deductions from and additions to the former stock of slaves by other means.]

which schedule shall be called the Annual Return of the Increase and Decrease of Slaves, together with a duplicate thereof, containing a true and particular account of all births and deaths which, during the immediately preceding year ending on the thirty-first day of December, shall have happened of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such return is made, and the causes of such deaths respectively shall be certified by the surgeon, or principal medical attendant of the plantation on which such deaths shall happen, as directed by an Act of this Colony, passed in the month of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act for

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 43

GRENADA.

the better protection, and for promoting the natural increase and population of Slaves within the Island of Grenada and such of the Grenadines as are annexed to the government thereof, for compelling an adequate provision for and care of them, as well in sickness and old age as in health; and for constituting and appointing Guardians to effectuate and carry into execution the Regulations and purposes of this Act:" And also an account of all deductions from, or additions to the former stock of slaves belonging to or in the possession of such person or persons within the same period, by other means than deaths or births, whether the same shall have happened by desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, or enfranchisement, or by the return of fugitive or absent slaves, or by any other ways or means whatsoever; which: particular cause or mode of deduction or addition, shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such last-mentioned returns; and in case of purchase, or other acquisition, or sale, or other transfer or manumission of slaves formerly registered, the registered name, and description of every such newly purchased or acquired, or transferred, or manumitted slaves, and of his or her former owner or owners*, claimant or claimants; shall also be set forth at large in such returns; and every such return shall also

---

contain all such further particulars in respect of every newly acquired slave named therein, as are hereinbefore directed to be contained in the said'original returns'; and when by the death of the owner, or any other cause, there shall have been, within the period to which the return relates, any change of property in and possession of any slave from the owner or owners under whose name or names the same were registered, such change of property and possession shall also be mentioned in the saidr annual returns; and such returns shall also state the aggregate number of stoves respectively comprised in the immediately preceding! returns, ad well aS the-aggregate number of slaves belonging to or possessed by the person oh persona at the tune of making such returns respectively; but-When there had bCen no akeratSefr since the last return in the number or description of the slaves belonging'tw or possessed by the person or persons by or for whom the return is* mbde, or the property thereof, it shall be sufficient to state the whole number of slaves; sad-to add, * No alteration required by law to be specified, has taken place since the last return?" and one of the said annual returns shall be kept by the registrar usd deposited in hit-office, and the other shall be immediately compared therewith, and if found to correspond, shall be then certified and delivered back by the said registrar to the person making the same.

[Clause 12th.]

[Annual returns to be made on oath.]

And be it further enacted, That every person making and subscribing any such annual return shall take the following oath before the registrar, such oath to-be Annual returns to annexed to the said annual return. * made °" oath‘

"I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, That the-contents of the annexed SChedutoor Form‘of oath.

* Return are true, and that the same contains, to the best of my knowledge and belief, a full, fair and correct account of all the births and deaths'

" which have happened among the slaves belonging to or possessed by'

0 the owner or owners, possessor or possessors therein named, and -being*

" within this Island or any of its dependencies, since the original registrar tion thereof, or during the preceding year, and of aH other additions or'

" deductions from the said slaves within the same period; and of the whole " number of slaves now actually belonging to [or, in the lawful possession'

* of] the said

" Sp help me GOD/*

And it is hereby further enacted, That as soon as any such annual returns as Clause 13A. aforesaid, shall have been duly made and received by the registrar, he shall pro- A*uaJ ceed to register and copy the same in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a be regutervd. proper book or set of books to be kept by him for that purpose, precisely conformable with such annual returns, and shall make out an index thereof in the same Indexes to b« made, manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the said books of original registration; and the said registrar shall also make out duplicates of all and every Duplicates to be such books containing the annual returns, and of the indexes thereto, and shall made and sworn to subscribe both the original and duplicate thereof, with his name, and shall subjoin before 6overoor-to each of the same an affidavit m the following form, to be made before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief for the time being, who is hereby authorized to take the same.

" Personally appeared C.D. [meaning himself,] who being duly sworn on Form of oath. " the Holy Evangelists* makes oath and says, That the preceding*entries are'

44 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE

GRENADA.

"true copies of the Returns for the year ending one.thousand* eight hundred and he having carefully compared the same with the

" said Returns remaining in his office."

To be certified by Which affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the mittedto*4tTtarv Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief, who shall certify

of state. Mmtory the same to have been sworn in manner hereinbefore directed, in respect of the said original books of registry, and the said last-mentioned duplicate shall be thereupon delivered to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief, who shall carefully transmit the same by the first safe conveyance under his official seal to His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the original returns delivered to the registrar agreeably to the provisions of this Act, shall have been respectively entered and enrolled as aforesaid, the registrar shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, who shall thereupon publicly notify to the inhabitants, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is ready to be verified before him; and that the same is and will continue open at the proper office for the space of two months, for the inspection of all persons who may be interested therein; and if at any time within the term prescribed by the said notification any owner or possessor of slaves shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the said Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, that the non-delivery of his or her return to the registrar within the allotted period, or any error or omission therein has arisen from accident, unsurmountable impediment, or any other sufficient cause, it shall and may be lawful to and for the : said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief for the time being, to make an order in writing by him subscribed and directed to the registrar, commanding him to receive and enrol any such return or rectified return, as if the same had been made and delivered to him in proper time, which order the registrar is hereby enjoined to obey. ' which order registrar is bound to obey.

And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any pretence, or for any, cause whatsoever, be at any time permitted to be in any of the said hooks of registry,} but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or Other particular therein, so that the same shall differ from the name, description, or particulars contained in the return from which the same was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making and keeping the said books of registry, a' hue of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible; and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall be either interlined or written in th^margin, and always when practicable, by the same hand as the rest of the same list or entry, and the registrar shall either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length; but after the registry of original returns of slaves shall have been completed and certified upon oath as hereinbefore directed, no interlineation, insertion or other correction of the registry' of any such original return, shall on any account be made or permitted, except as is hereinafter expressly provided.

And be it further enacted, That if any person shall wilfully neglect or omit to make and deliver a schedule or return of the slaves in his or her possession, pursuant to the directions and requisitions of this Act, within the period allotted for enrolment in the original, or any annual registry, every such person so offending, shall forfeit for every slave so wilfully neglected or omitted to be returned, the sum of two hundred pounds of current gold and silver money of the said Island, to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned, the one moiety of such penalty to be paid into the public treasury for the use of the Colony, and the other moiety to the person who shall sue for the same; and in case the party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves so wilfully neglected or omitted to be returned for registration as aforesaid, in the capacity or character of mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney executor or guardian, or other representative of any person or persons, he or she shall not only forfeit for every slave so wilfully neglected or omitted to be returned, the said sum of two hundred pounds of money aforesaid, to be recovered and accrue

Clause 14th.

When original returns are entered, registrar to give notice to governor, to be by mm notified to inhabitants, that registry is ready to be verified, and that same will conti nos open for inspection of all persons concerned, tor two months, in order that any person haring omitted to make his return, ur having made an error therein, may apply to Ae governor an order to registrar to make his return, or to rectify same;

Clause 15th.

No erasure to be made in any of the books of registry.

After registry of original returns, no alteration or correction whatever to be made, except as after expressly provided.

Clause 16th. Persons wilfully neglecting or omitting to return slaves in their possession, to forfeit for every slave £. aoo currency; one moiety to be paid into public treasury, and the other to the informer;

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 45

in manner above stated; but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons, who shall or may sustain any damage or injury by any such wilful neglect or omission, and who shall, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, be entitled to recover against the party so offending in treble costs of suit: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to any penalty as aforesaid, for or in respect of any slave or slaves, who may have absconded or have been out of his or her control at the time of making such original or subsequent return as aforesaid, so that such person do and shall specify the name or names of such slave or slaves in the affidavit hereinbefore required to be annexed to the respective schedules or returns.

And it is hereby further enacted, That the collectors of the customs of the ports of St. George and Grenville respectively, shall once in six months, after the passing of this Act, return to the registrar a list of all slaves who in the course of the preceding six months shall have been exported from these ports respectively, with the name or names of the person or persons licensed to export such slave or slaves; and in case, at the period of any such annual return as aforesaid, it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the registrar, that there is no person within this Colony,* either by reason of chance of residence or otherwise, liable to make such annual return of the slave or slaves so exported, then and in every such case the registrar Is hereby authorized and directed to enter in his registry the name or names of the last-mentioned slave or slaves, corresponding with the returns made to him by the collectors or chief officers of the respective ports aforesaid; and every such registration as last aforesaid, signed by the registrar, and certified by him to be correct to the best of his knowledge and belief, shall be deemed and taken as a sufficient registration within the intent and meaning of this Act, and be as valid as if made by the owners or possessors of such slate or slaves.

And be it further enacted, That any person or persons whosoever who shall knowingly and wilfully make, or aid, abet and assist in making, any false or fraudulent entry in any of the said books of registry, or the duplicates thereof respectively, hereby directed to be made, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate, or alter, or aid, abet and assist in fraudulently erasing, obliterating, or altering any entry which shall have been duly made in any of the said books of registry, shall upon conviction of any such offence suffer death, as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy. i

And be it further enacted, That if the registrar shall in the exercise of his said office, wilfully neglect or refuse to receive for registration any return, and to give receipt for the same, or to make any entry which he ought to make, according to the directions hereinbefore contained, and the true intent and meaning of this Act, the registrar so offending shall, upon conviction of any such offence in the supreme court of judicature, be punished by fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, anr less than two hundred pounds current money of Grenada, to be paid into the.pohhe treasury of this Island, and for the public uses thereof; and every registrar so offending, shall be. removed from his office or appointment, and shall be, and he is hereby declared to be incapable of enjoying the same office and appointment again, and shall moreover, with, his securities, be liable to the civil suits or actions of all persons who shall sustain any damage or injury by any such offence, who, besides foil reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against such offenders double costs of suit.

And be it further enacted, That a copy or extract, certified by the registrar, of the registered list or schedule of slaves belonging to any plantation, or to any particular owner or owners, or of any such annual return as is hereinbefore directed to be made, shall at anytime after the registry thereof, at the request of any person or persons whomsoever, at the expense of the person or persons requiring the same, be made and delivered to him her or them by the registrar; and all persons shall have free liberty to inspect the said books at all times, in the presence of the registrar, or of any one or more of his clerks, from nine o’clock in the morning until three o’clock in the afternoon of each day, (Sunday excepted,) paying such fee as hereinafter is mentioned.

GRENADA.

and shall be liable to civil suiUof person#. who may sustain wjuiy, and be liable to-pay treble costs of suit*

Clause 17th. Collectors of the customs Cor the ports of St George and &rtAyille, to make, every six months, returns to the registrar of all sJavra licapsed to * be exported*

K ao parson in the -Island liable, to returns of sack ax* ported slaves, ra- . gistfar to register. same frank coUeo: toed returns.

Such registration to be deemed sufficient- .

Clause 18th.

Any person wil* Silly making any fake or fraudulent entry* or erasing or obliterating any entry, to sufler death without baaafit of

d*rgy:

Clause 19th. Registrar wilfully neglecting or refusing to receive any return for registration, to be punished by fine, not exceeding £. 500, nor less than £. 000 currency; be removed from his office, and be subject to the civil suits of persons injured.

Clause 20th. Certified copies, or extracts of registered lists, to he delivered byregister to owners, at their request and expense; and all persons at liberty to inspect books.

And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the registrar, out ok' the Clause aist. public treasury of these Islands, a salary at the rate of eight hundred pounds cur- Registrar’s salary, rency, for the first year, and a salary at the rate of two hundred pounds, like currency, for each of the following years, during his residence within this government, and performing the duties of his office, such salary to he paid quarterly, the first 453- . M : quarterly

46

GRENADA.

Clause 22d. Registrar entitled to specified fees.

Clause 23d.

Persons swearing falsely to be guilty of perjury.

Clause 24th. General issue may be pleaded.

Clause 25th. Registrar to swear to his return before governor or commander in chief.

Clause 26th.

Office to be in town of St. George, and open from nine to three o'clock.

[Preamble.]

Clause 27th.

Act to be in force four years only.

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

quarterly payment thereof to be made at the expiration of three calendar months next after the date of his appointment, in pursuance of this Act, and so in proportion for any less time than a quarter of a year.

And be it further enacted, That the said registrar shall be entitled to demand and receive the following fees of office and no more, (that is to say,) for every search into each separate return of slaves in his registry, the sum of four shillings and sixpence currency, for every copy or extract from his books of registry, not exceeding ninety-six words, the sum of two shillings and three pence currency, and for every such copy or extract exceeding ninety-six words, at the rate of two shillings and three-pence currency, for every ninety-six words therein contained, and so in proportion for any additional number of words under that amount, such fees to be paid by the persons respectively requiring such extracts, copies, or certificates as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons whatsoever, shall be guilty of any false and wilful forswearing, in taking any oath under the proceedings of this Act, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or subborn any person to take any such oath falsely, he she or they being thereof duly convicted, shall for every such offence, incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all such persons as shall commit wilful and corrupt perjury, or shall procure or subborn any person to commit any wilful and corrupt perjury.

And be it further enacted, That if any action, bill, plaint, suit, or prosecution shall be brought against any person or persons for any act, matter or thing to be done, or for any default in omitting any act, matter or thing directed to be done by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every persons and person sued or prosecuted as aforesaid, to plead thereto the general issue, that he she or they is not or are not guilty, and to give such special matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the issue; which special matter being pleaded, had been good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants of the matter or thing, or default, laid to his her or their charge.

And be it further enacted, That the person so to be appointed registrar, if in possession of any slave or slaves, shall and he is hereby required to take such oath before the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, as he is required to administer to persons giving in returns of slaves aforesaid, for the purpose of being registered under this Act.

And be it further enacted, That the registrar’s office shall at all times be in the Town of St. George, and the hours of attendance shall be from the hour of nine o’clock in the morning until three o’clock in the afternoon.

Whereas the present Act being of great importance, and may not, in its present enactments, be calculated to answer all the purposes intended thereby, but may by experience be found defective, and require alteration; in order, therefore, to afford the legislature an opportunity to give the measure a fair trial, and to remedy any defects or imperfections that may be found therein, —

Be it further enacted, That this Bill shall continue and be in force from the day of the publication thereof, for and during the period of four years and no longer.

Passed the Assembly this fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) , Acting Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Council this twenty-eighth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) Owsley , Deputy Clerk of the Council.

Dated at the town of St. George and Island of Grenada, this thirty-first day of March, in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forthj and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) Geo. Gun Munro, Speaker.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 47

Assented to by his Excellency the Governor and Commander in chief in and GRENADA.

over the Island of Grenada and its dependencies. Chancellor, Ordinary and

Vice-admiral of the same, this thirty-first day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) Owsley Rowley, Deputy Clerk of the Council.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A LIST of SLAVES belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of]

and worked upon Estate.

LIST of Male SLAVES belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of] and worked

A LIST of Female SLAVES belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of] and worked

upon Estate.

The whole Number of Slaves belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of] and worked

upon Estate.

day of

A true Return,

18

A.

SCHEDULE

4-8

GRENADA.

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

SCHEDULE (B.)

Annual RETURN of the Increase and Decrease of the Slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of A.B. and attached to Estate, in the parish

of [or, unattached, or personal, as the case men/ 6e.]

INCREASE.

Names. Age. Mother’s Nome. Colour. 3 *3 J

d 1 James * Mary Ann - Black - - \

1 Maudlains - Juliet - - 1

*{ George • - Elizabeth - Mulatto - 1 -

" 1 Jane - - - Harriet - - t

I . Total - - - 2 2

Names. Age. Colour* Country. Conspicuous Marks. How acquired.

h* . O r

«.* IK M £/ Tom - - *6 Black - - African - Has a scar on right cheek Purchased of T. Jones 1 1 -

Hamlet . 30 Black - - Creole None ... The gift of D. Clunie 1 -

cS * Total Increase • - 4

DECREASE.

Names. Age. Colour. Country. Conspicuous Marks. Manner of Death. Male. Fem.

A . a < >b James - - Black - - African - Was blind of an eye Of dysentery - - 1 I ' -

Hector - 55 Ditto - - Ditto - - None - Of dropsy - 1

Jane - - 4* Yellow skin Creole - Consumption - - - , - % ,

PQ Total - - - a f

f 11 How disposed of

2d I Mary - - *3 Mulattress - Creole Fine tall figure - Manumitted - 1

A /Nad - 35 Negro - * African - Squints - Transported to Trinidad - 1 -

. • - Total Decrease - - . 3 1 a

.s i r

Jr o

" H

" a {

v H '

| 2 g

« R

« S

Number of Slaves per Return up to the 30th April 1817, two hundred and twenty-seven Increase during the year 1817, as above - •

Deduct Decrease during the year 1817, as above Total Number of Slaves this day, two hundred and twenty-eight

110

4

ltd

. 3

"3

H5

3

117

<1

115

Duly published at the town of St. George, in the Island of Grenada, the 3i8t day of March 1817.

(Signed) Tho. White, D. P. M.

Phineas (l. m. s.) Riall.

(A true Copy.) (Signed) Owsley Rowley, D. Secretary.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 49

GRENADA.

An ACT to amend an Act, intituled, "An Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Granada* and its Dependencies."

WHEREAS by an Act of these Islands, intituled, "An Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies," it is among other things enacted, that previously to the receipt by the registrar of any return or returns tendered to him by any person or persons making the same, such person or persons shall make and subscribe a certain form of oath, which oath shall be annexed to each return : And whereas the registrar appointed in pursuance of the said Act, under a misconception of the said Act, did not require the form of oath to be subscribed and annexed to the returns for the town and parish of Saint George, having only administered the oath required to be taken, verbally, to the respective parties, whereby the provisions of the said Act have in some measure , been contravened, and doubts are entertained as to the mode and manner in which; such returns, and the returns generally, are to be transcribed into the book of record required to be kept by the said Act; for remedy whereof, we, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of these Islands, pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained; and be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That the registrar of slaves Clause ist. within this government shall and he is hereby required to insert afi returns which f have been actually sworn to in his book of record, although the form of oath may j®^is not have been annexed thereto and subscribed by the party making the same; and wiiim on oath, that the said registrar shall not insert in the said record the oath attached toy: or although oath not required to be attached to each return, excepting in the case of the first return for aUached‘ the town of St. George, and the first return 01the parish of St. George, and the first return of each and every other parish and district, including the Island of Carriacou and the Grenadines, as a separate and distinct district, as hereinafter directed; and the said registrar shall and ne is hereby required and directed to enter all the said returns in classes and districts as aforesaid, as near as may be alphabetically, in the said book of record, in order to exhibit the same as clearly and distinctly as possible.

And whereas by the said Act it is among other things enacted, that the returns for the Inland of Carriacou and the Grenadines should be given in at any time between the first day of May and the thirty-first day of July; and doubts are entertained whether such returns should be recorded in the rotation in which they have been received or otherwise; Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clams sd. in transcribing the said returns from the Island of Carriacou and the other tTidutid Grenadines, the registrar shall and he is hereby required to select the same, and and entered in book insert them in the book of record, after the parish of St. David, and in a distinct and of record, next after separate department, in the same manner as the other parishes are, any thing therein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. St*Dav,d*

And whereas the affidavit directed to be attached to the annua) return of slaves CIsum 3d. does not appear to be sufficiently perspicuous; and doubts may arise whether the °l

return or absence of runaway slaves should be inserted in such annual return; Be it following therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the twelfth clause of the said oath substituted recited Act be and is hereby repealed; and that in the (dace of the oath therein thwefor. prescribed to be taken and annexed to every such annual return, the following oath shall be substituted and taken before the registrar by every person making and subscribing such return.

"I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, That the contents of the annexed Schedule or Oath:

" Return are true, and that the same contains, to the best of my knowledge " and belief, a full, fair and correct account of all the births and deaths, and " of the increase and decrease, whether occasioned by purchase, sale, or by * the return or absence of any runaway slaves, or in any other manner whatsoever, which have happened or taken place among the slaves belonging " to or attached, and usually worked upon the Plantation therein named, or " the property of, or in the lawftd possession of (if unattached,

" or personal slaves) since the original registration thereof, or during " the preceding year, and of the whole number of slaves now actually " belonging to, or attached to, and usually worked upon the said Plantation,

" and in this possession of the said A. B.’*

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

And whereas the compelling the inhabitants of the Island of Carriacou and the Grenadines to attend the registrar at his office, inr the town of Saint George, has been found to be productive of serioue inconveniences; Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in respect to all future returns to be delivered to the registrar as to the increase and decrease of the slave population, it shall not be necessary for the inhabitants of Carriacou, to repair to Saint George for such purpose as aforesaid; but the registrar shall and he is hereby authorized, required, and directed to receive the returns of the inhabitants of Carriacou, and the other Grenadines, at seme convenient time and place, to be fixed by himself, and publicly notified by him in the Island of Carriacou, to which Island he shall repair in person, in due time to discharge his duty, as required by this Act.

And'whereas the time limited for taking the annual returns required by the said Act, to the thirty-first dfey of December next, and each and every succeeding year, does not extend beyond the thirty-first day of January in each and every succeeding year; and the personal discharge of the duty of the registrar in the Island of Clause 5th. 1 Camacouy will; require that the same should be enlarged; Be it enacted by the Time for taking re- authority' aforesaid, That the time for taking the return for the Island of Carriacou, turns for Carriacou, be extended from the thirty-first day of January to the twenty-eighth day of Fe-January to^Sth*1 b*0*? hi each and every year,- and that due notice of this extension be given by Feb. in 4*ety yettf. the said registrar in' the Saint George’s gazette.

Clause 6tl»« And* Be it' enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the completion and closing

Atoin^of ^turns £be said reoord, and of each and every annual record of the increase and decrease,

e oat y previously to’ making* the affidavit directed to be by. him taken before the Governor and Commander in chief in respect to the accurary of the said record, the registrar shall and he is hereby required to make out and insert in the said record, a numerical abstract of the returns of each district, and shall from such separate abstracts make out one general abstract or addition of the separate abstracts, exhibiting in one line and at one view, the entire state of the slave population, and of the increase and decrease in the same during the preceding year, and shall insert such general abstract and separate abstracts in the said book of record.

Clause 7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be

deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as shell, by all judges' and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

GRENADA.

Clause 4th. Returns for Carriacou to be made at Carriacou.

Passed the Cmmeff, this third day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight tmtfdred and seventeen.

(Signed) Otosky Rowley, Deputy Clerk of the Council.

Passed the Assembly, this ninth day of September, in. the year of our Lord one the OStad eight handled and seventeen.

(Signed) John Charles Ker, Clerk of Assembly.

Dated at tiler town of Saint George and Island of Grenada, this thirtieth day of Septeifiber in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of our sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith and so forth, and the year of our Ldrd one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) John Speaker.

Assented to* by his Excellency the Governor and Commander in chief, this thirtieth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) QwSley Rowley, Deputy* Clerk of the Council.

Duly published in the town of Saint George, this eighth day of October, in the year Of otnf Ldrd Oils thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

(Signed) Geo. Hyde, Deputy Provost Marshal.

Plumas (t. x. 8.)Kiatt.

A true Copy,

(Signed) Owsley Rowley, Deputy Secretary.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 51

JAMAICA.

JAMAICA.

An ACT for msnummng a Slave named Prince William, belonging to the Public.

WHEREAS a negro man, named Prince William, one of the slaves belonging Preamble, to the public, and attached to the use of the King’s House, has manifested the most exemplary conduct as a servant to his grace the Governor, and it is expedient and proper that such meritorious conduct should be suitably rewarded, may it please Your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted •> Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly, and it. is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said sieve, named Prince William, shall be deemed and taken to be manumized, and be is hereby, for ever afterwards manumized and set free from all, manner of slavery and servitude whatsoever; and the receiver general, for the time being, is, hereby direct-, ed to pay annually to the said negro man, named Prince William, during hi§ life, the sum of twenty pounds for his support and maintenance, the first payment to be made on that day twelve months after the passing of this Act.

Passed the Council, tfcse ninth, day: of December one thousand eight hundred mid sixteen. TV. CL Coup.

I Consent, this eleventh December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

Manchester.

Passed the Assembly, this ninth day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixteen. James, Lewis, Speaker.

Vera Copia extr,

TV. Bullock, CL Coup.

An ACT for providing Curates for the several Parishes of this Island* and for promoting Religious Instruction amongst the Slaves. — December nineteeth* one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

WHEREAS from the extent of many of the parishes of this Island, and the Preamble, number of the inhabitants resident therein, religious instruction cannot be extended to all, under the present ecclesiastical establishment of this Island : And whereas it is right and proper that religious instruction should be given to the slaves in this Island, and for that purpose it is necessary to increase the number of officiating clergymen; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of The rector of the this Act, and as soon as conveniently may be, the rectors of the several parishes in P"*in ^i8 this Island shall be assisted in propagating the Gospel amongst the slaves of this -Jj Island, and in educating them in the Christian religion, by curates to be appointed the Gospel uLmgst by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or person executing for the time being the the slaves, by cu-ftmetions of Governor, and to be distributed in such manner, and assigned tQ such ratiesA? * ?P-parts of this Island, as to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or the person excepting senior. 6 g° for the time being the functions of Governor, may seem best calculated to promote the purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the persons so to be appointed, shall Proviso, at the time of their respective appointments, be possessed of due testimonials that they are qualified according to the canons of the Church of England, by hiving taken deacon or priest's orders; and which testimonials shall be recorded in the office of the secretary of this Island: And provided always, that the number of curates so Proviso, to be appointed, shall not exceed the number of beneficed ministers established in thi# Island.

2. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every curat* Salary to be allowed so to be appointed, shall be allowed a reasonable sum, npt exceeding three hundred th*c,rat*8' pounds, current money of this Island* by the year, to be paid and payable quarterly by the receiver general, on the certificate hereinafter mentioned being produced to him.

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

3. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the rectors and curates of the several parishes of this Island shall, in the afternoon of every Lord’s Day, at an hour to be by them for that purpose appointed, attend at the parish church, and at such other place as shall be provided for Divine worship as hereinafter mentioned, in order to perform the duties of their function relative to the catechising and the instruction of all such persons, free or slaves, in the Christian religion, who shall attend for the purpose, and shall accordingly perform such duties (accidental or temporary cases of sickness, and other inevitable prevention excepted,) and that without fee or reward.

The rectors or cu-

4. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after ntes to ap^mUwo pacing of this Act, the rectors'or curates of the several parishes of this Island

[Proviso.]

Sundays and holi- shall, besides the usual duty of Divine service on Sundays and holidays, and the duty days, for the reli- hereinbefore required, appropriate at the least two days in each week to go to some gious instruction of one or other of the estates or plantations in the said parish in rotation, and then estates*"* 0,1 aQd there perform the duties of his function, in the instruction of all such of the slaves of the said plantation, who may be willing and desirous to be instructed in the doctrines of the Christian religion: Provided always, that the consent and

approbation of the person in possession of the estate or plantation so intended to be visited, shall be first had and obtained for that purpose.

JAMAICA.

and the duty which they and the rectors are to perform.

Vestries to appoint 5. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices and fw vestry of the several parishes of this Island shall and they are hereby required, divine service by w^n 88 80011 88 toey 8^ receive notice from the secretary of the Governor,

the curates. y Lieutenant Governor, or person executing for the time being the functions of - Governor, that a curate has been provided, to appoint some proper place or places besides the church, wherein Divine service may be performed on Sundays and holidays by the rector or curate.

Raceivor general 6. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be allowedt^rectors *°r *be rece^ver general of this Island to pay the sums allowed by law to the

and'curatwwfthout rectors and curates of this Island without a certificate from the justices and vestry, a certificate of the in vestry assembled, of the parish of such rector or curate, stating that such rector duties reauired by or curate has performed the duties required by this Act, (accidental oases of aick-^rfiwmedby^em. ness ether inevitable prevention excepted.)

Fee of s«. 6<L for 7. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for baptising the baptism, &c. of slaves, registering the same, and granting a certificate thereof, the rector shall be slaves. entitled to a fee of two shillings and sixpence for each slave,

An ACT for the Subsistence, Clothing, and the better Regulation and Government of Slaves; for enlarging the powers of the Council of Protection; for preventing the improper transfer of Slaves, and for other purposes.

December nineteenth, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws now in force relating to slaves should be revised, and other provisions enacted, to promote their moral and religious instruction, and by means whereof their general comfort and happiness may be increased, as far as is consistent with due order and subordination and the wellbeing of this Colony: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, That from and after the commencement of this Act, the Act intituled, "An Act for the protection, subisting, clothing, and for the better order, regulation and government of Slaves, and for other purposes," passed the fourteenth day of December, in the fiftieth year of Your Majesty's reign, may be and stand repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

Slave* to be reli- a. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all owners, proprietors

Suchb4*’ and possessors, or in their absence, the managers or overseers of slaves, shall, as a* can be made much as in them lies, endeavour the instruction of their slaves in the principles of sensible of a duty to the Christian religion, whereby to facilitate their conversion, and shall do their God, and of the utmost endeavours to fit them for baptism, and as soon as conveniently can be, cause Christian with. be baptised all such as they can make sensible of a duty to God and the

[Preamble.]

50 Geo. III. cap. 16, repealed.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 53

Christian faith; which ceremony the clergymen of the respective parishes are to per* JAMAICA-, form when required.

3. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, no shop shall No shop to be kept be kept open during the time of Divine service. sendee*1"118 divine

4. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Slaves to be allowed commencement of this Act, the slaves belonging or employed on every plantation for nioht ° besides or settlement, shall, over and above the holidays hereinafter to be mentioned, be Sundays/ except* allowed one day in every fortnight to cultivate their own provision grounds, ex- during crop, under elusive of Sundays, except during the time of crop, under the penalty of twetity penalty of £ ao. . pounds, to be recovered against the overseer or person having the care of such slaves: Provided always, that the number of days so allowed to the slaves for the Proviso, cultivation of their grounds shall be at least twenty-six in the year.

5. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the crop, not only Slaves exempted shall the slaves as heretofore be exempted from the labour of the estate or plants- Sundays °during tion on Sundays, but that no mills shall be put about or worked between the hours’ crop, and no mills of seven o’clock on Saturday night and five o'clock on Monday morning, under to be worked the penalty of twenty pounds, to be recovered against the overseer or other person between seven having the charge of Judb slaves.

o’clock on Monday morning, under a penalty of £. 20.

6. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every master, owner Or possessor of any slave or slaves, or his or her overseer or chief manager, shall, under the penalty of ten pounds for each neglect, personally inspect into the con-, dition of the negro grounds once in every month at least, in order to see that the< same are cultivated and kept up in a proper manner, of which oath shall be made as in this Act is hereafter directed: And whereas it may happen that on some plantations, pens, settlements and towns in this Island, there may not be lands proper for the cultivation of provisions, or where by reason of long continuance of dry weather, the negro grounds may be rendered unproductive; then and in that case the masters, owners Or possessors do, by some other ways and means make good and ample provision for all such slaves as they shall be possessed of, equal to the value of three shillings and four-pence currency per week for each slave, in order that they may be properly supported and maintained, under the penalty of fifty, pounds.

7. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every master, owner or possessor of slaves shall once in every year provide and give to each slave they shall be possessed of, proper and sufficient clothing, to be approved of by the justices and vestry of the parish where such master, owner or possessor of such slaves shall reside, under the penalty of one hundred pounds.

Negro grounds to be inspected every month.

Where there are not proper lands, each slave istohave provision equal to 3». per week.

Proper clothing to be given to slaves annually, under penalty of £.100.

8. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every master, Yearly accounts to owner, proprietor or possessor of slaves, his or her overseer or chief manager, at * 8iv?D in of tha their giving in an account of their slaves and stock to the justices and vestry on de-

the twenty-eighth day of. December in every year, or at the vestry which shall be livered to, slaves* held next after that day, shall under the penalty of one hundred pounds-for every under penalty of neglect give in an account on oath of the nature and quantity of the clothing £' 10°-actually served to each slave on such plantation, pen, or other settlement, for the approbation of the justices and vestry as aforesaid; and shall likewise at the same tune declare on oath, that he has inspected the negro grounds (where such negro grounds are allotted) of such plantation, pen or settlement, according to the directions of this Act, and that every negro on the property is sufficiently provided with grounds.

Q. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the twenty- Account of births ’ eighth day of December in every year (the time of giving in as aforesaid,) or and deaths of slaves within thirty days after, the owner, overseer or manager of every plantation, pen or settlement, shall give in to the justices and vestry of their respective parishes, on nalty of £. 50. P oath, an account of all the births and deaths of the slaves of such plantation, pen or settlement for the preceding year, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered from the owner of such plantation, pen or other settlement.

10. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the net giving- If neglect m giving in upon oath, such- several accounts shall be owing to the neglect of the overseer or in accounts-proceed manager of such plantation, pen or other settlement, it shall and may be lawful for g°^!raCnwn>rI 433* O the 8 ’

54

JAMAICA.

to deduct the penalty from their wages.

Overseers to be paid £. 3 for every slave born on p lantations, to be divided between the mothers, midwives, and nurses; and which is to be deducted from the taxes of the proprietors.

Females who have six children living, whether their own or adopted, are to be exempted from hard labour, and their owners from taxes for them;

proof being given that the mother, or adoptive mother, and children, are living.

Possessors of slaves not to turn them away on account ot infirmity,

but keep them on their properties, and provide for them, under penalty of £.20.

Wandering slaves may be taken up and sent to the workhouse, to be supported till possessor summoned and matter enquired into.

If possessor found guilty, and refuse to pay penalty, work-house fees, &c. he is to be sent to gaol till ha pay.

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

the owner, proprietor or possessor of such plantation, pen or other settlement, to stop and detain the penalty he or she shall suffer by this law, out of the wages of such overseer or manager.

11. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the justices and vestry, from the return of the owner, overseer or manager aforesaid, that there has been a natural increase of the number of slaves on any such plantation, pen or other settlement, the owner or proprietor of such plantation, pen or other settlement, shall pay to the overseer the sum of three pounds for every slave born on such plantation, pen or other settlement, in the time aforesaid, and which shall be then living, such sum to be by the said overseer divided in equal proportions among the mothers of the surviving children, the midwife, and the nurse or nurses attending such children; and the owner or proprietor of such plantation, pen or other settlement, shall have a deduction from the first of his or her public taxes that shall become due, of the sum so paid, on producing a certificate from the justices and vestry of such increase, and a receipt of the overseer of the sum so paid.

12. And, in order that further encouragement may be given to the increase and protection of negro infants, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every female slave who shall have six children living, or who having raised from infancy and during the period of nurture, a child or children of deceased mothers, and which shall continue to live with her as her adopted child or children, shall have of her own and of such so raised and adopted child or children six children living, shall be exempted from all hard labour in the field or otherwise; and the owner or possessor of every such female slave shall be exempted from all manner of taxes for such female slave, any thing in the Act commonly called the Poll-tax Law, or any other of the tax laws of this Island, passed or annually to be passed, to the contrary notwithstanding; and a deduction shall be made for all such female slaves from the taxes of such owner or possessor, by certificate of the justices and vestry: Provided nevertheless, that proof be given on oath, to the satisfaction of the said justices and vestry, not only that the requisite number of children, together with the mother or adoptive mother, are living, but also that the mother is exempted from all manner of field or other labour, and is provided with the means of an easy and comfortable maintenance.

13. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no master, possessor or owner of any slave or slaves, whether in his or her own right, or as attorney, guardian, trustee, executor or otherwise, shall discard or turn away any such slave or slaves on account or by reason of such slave or slaves being rendered incapable of labour' or service to such master, owner or possessor, by means of sickness, age or infirmity; but every such master, owner or possessor as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby obliged to keep all such slave or slaves upon his her or their properties, and to find and provide them with sufficient clothing, wholesome necessaries of life, and not suffer such slave or slaves as aforesaid to be in want thereof, or to wander about or become burthensome to others for sustenance, under the penalty of twenty pounds, for every such offence, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two jiratices of the peace in this Island, who are hereby authorized, empowered and required to cause such master, owner or possessor, his her or their attorney or agent, and such other persons as they shall judge necessary, to be summoned before them, to enable them to judge and determine of the propriety of such information, and whether such master, owner or possessor ought to incur the said penalty; and in the mean time and until such trial can be had, the said justices of the peace, upon their own view, or upon the information of any free person on oath, are hereby empowered and required to take up such wandering, sick, aged or infirm slave or slaves, and to lodge him her or them in the nearest workhouse, there to be clothed and fed, but . not worked, at the expense of the master, owner or possessor, until such trial as aforesaid can be had; and if it shall appear to the said justices on such trial, that the party or parties so complained of, is or are guilty of the said offence, and shall refuse to pay the said sum of twenty pounds and the fees of such workhouse, for the maintenance of such slave or slaves, together with the charges of clothing and of the conviction, the said justices are hereby required and empowered, under the penalty of twenty pounds, forthwith by warrant under their hands and seals directed to the constable, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or parish where the offence shall he committed, there to remain until he or she shall

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OR SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 55

pay the said sum of twenty pounds and charges as aforesaid, one moiety of which said fine shall be paid to the informer, who is hereby declared to be a good witness, and the other moiety shall be paid into the hands of the churchwardens of such parish, for the poor of the said parish, any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

JAMAICA.

And whereas from the decease and change of residence of many proprietors of slaves, and other circumstances, and from the manumission of negro, mulatto, and other slaves, without any suitable provision being made for their future maintenance, many unhappy objects afflicted with contagious distempers, or disabled from labour by sickness, age, and otherwise, and having no owners, prove dangerous, or become a burthen and nuisance to the several towns and parishes of this island: For remedy whereof. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices and vestrymen of the several towns and parishes in this Island, be empowered to lay a tax upon the several towns and parishes, in the same manner as the parochial taxes are usually laid, for the purpose of raising such a sum as they shall judge sufficient to provide for the maintenance, clothing, medical care and attendance in the workhouses, or other convenient places of the said several towns and parishes of this Island, of such negro, mulatto, or other slaves, or other unhappy objects as aforesaid: And the magistrates respectively of such town and parish, are hereby empowered and required, upon application being made to them, or either of them, or upon view, to order all such objects as aforesaid to be removed and conveyed to the respective workhouses of each parish, where (if a slave) the former proprietor or proprietors, owner or owners of such slave lived or resided; or if a person manumised or made free of the parish wherein the owner or owners commonly resided, or the property was situated, to whom or to which such manumised person belonged, immediately previous to the execution of such manumission, or if such manumission be by will, immediately previous to the decease of the testator or testatrix, there to be lodged and taken care of as aforesaid; and the magistrates and vestries of the several towns and parishes as aforesaid, are hereby empowered and required to make, from time to time, all such humane and salutary regulations, for the purposes aforesaid, as to them shall seem necessary and expedient; and the supervisor or keeper of the workhouse in such parish, to which such slave or free persons shall be sent by warrant from any other parish, shall be obliged to receive the same, under the penalty of twenty pounds.

Justices and vestries to lay tax* for support of disabled negroes,

who are to be passed to the parishes where their former owners resided; as are those free poor who have been manumised.

Vestries to make regulations for their accommodation.

15. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That every parish in this Island, to In th« case of ma-

which any manumised person shall be removed in pursuance of this Act, or any clause numised persons of any former Act, for this purpose, as to the place of the legal settlement of such ^mTto an^arish" person, shall be entitled to claim all the advantages to be derived by law from the such parish may security bond directed to be entered into and given, in and by an Act passed in the have recourse to fifteenth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the manu- the security-bond, mission of Negro, Mulatto, and other Slaves, and to oblige the Owners to make a Pro- u"|jer

virion for them during their lives," by any person or persons manumising any slave 18. ° C&P

or slaves, to the churchwardens of whatsoever parish such bond may have been

given, as fully as if the same had been entered into with the churchwardens of the parish to which such manumised person shall become burthensome.

16. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any goods. Property of owners chattels, or slaves belonging to the owners of such old, infirm, and deserted slaves ,iabk for support of as aforesaid, who shall have become burthensome to any parish for support, shall nou^the thereafter be found in any part of this Island, it may and shall be lawful for the pa°^i they become churchwardens of every such parish to recover the full amount of all expenses to burthensome to. which such parish shall at any time have been put on account of such deserted slaves,

before any two justices of the peace of the parish or precinct wherein such goods, chattels, or slaves shall be found, by distress and sale of the same.

17. And whereas it sometimes happens that aged, infirm, or disabled slaves, belonging to the estates of insolvent debtors remain in the custody of the provost marshal of this Island, or his deputies; without a possibility of the same being sold for the benefit of the creditors of such estates; Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon proof being made on oath, by any deputy marshal, before Disabled slaves, any two magistrates of the district wherein he shall hold his appointment, that any the property of in-slaive or slaves of the above description, has or have been in his custody for more ofbt*rovo«i

than six months thereto preceding, that such slave or slaves have been repeatedly marshal, may be put up to sale by public outcry, that no bidder has offered to purchase the same, removed, by order

56 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

JAMAICA

and there is no probability of his or her being sold, it may and shall be lawful for the s» said two magistrates to make an order under their hands, and seals, for the removal

of two magistrates, of such slave or slaves to the parish wherein the owner of such slave or slaves to the parish where resided, at or immediately before the time when he or she took the benefit of the their owner resided; por t|,e relief of insolvent debtors, now in force or hereafter to be in force, there to be maintained and provided for, according to the directions of this Act hereinbefore declared.

sack order b*bg 18. And it is hereby enacted, That such order being recorded in the office of record m^elerk of clerk of peace of the precinct wherein the gaol of such deputy marshal vort marshal 88 aforesaid shall be situated, shall be deemed and taken, in all the courts of this his deputies indem- Island, as a complete and perfect acquittal of all demands, claims, suite, and actions nified in acting on- of every kind, on or against such provost marshal, or any of his deputies, as may or der lt shall be made, instituted or preferred by any person or persons whatsoever, on

account or by reason of the removal of any such slave or slaves as aforesaid, out of his or their custody.

19. And whereas negroes afflicted with the yaws, coco-bay, or other contagious disease, are sometimes permitted to leave their masters' property, and travel about the country, to the great annoyance of the public, and of those in the neighbour' If negrow afflicted hood; Be it enacted, That every owner or proprietor of slaves, or his her or their with contagious overseer, (as the case may be,) permitting the same, shall forfeit the sum of twenty to^lwve^the °pro- P°un<ls for every such offence; one moiety of which to be paid to the informer, party, and , travel and the other moiety to the churchwardens, for the poor of the parish in which about the country, the offence shall be committed, and which forfeiture shall be recovered in a summary tbs owner, lie. per- maniier on oath of the informer, or other person complaining, to be levied by - for&it £. warrant of the said magistrates, who, on refusal or failure of payment, are hereby

each. authorized to commit the delinquent to the county or nearest gaol until paid.

Field slaves are to have half an hour for breakfast, and two hours for dinner; and not to work before five, nor after seven, except during crop,under penalty of £.50.

20. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every field slave on any plantation or settlement shall on work days be allowed balf an hour for breakfast, and two hours for dinner; and that no slaves shall be compelled to any. manner of field-work upon the plantation, before the hour of five in the morning, or after the hour of seven at night, except during the time of crop, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered against the overseer or other person having the charge of such slaves.

Slaves to be allowed

21. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the'future,*

but they an* notlo’ slaves in this Island shall be allowed the usual number of holidays that were

have tvro successive allowed at the usual seasons of Christmas, Easter and Whitsunday; provided that days. at every such respective season, no two holidays shall be allowed to follow or succeed

If&ny person sallow immediately one after the other, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwith-ate, Dho0rCll0liday8 stauc^1J^: if any master, owner, guardian or attorney of any plantation or

they1forfeit^Ts?08' settlement, or the overseer of such plantation or settlement, shall presume, at the seasons aforesaid, to allow any holidays to any slave, on any such plantation or settlement, other than.is directed by this Act to be given, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds.

Slaves taking up 22. And, in order to encourage slaves for every good and worthy act that they rryj,da- do, ke further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave or slaves being ^harboured, that shall inform against any person who shall have, or conceal any runaway slave or are to be rewarded slaves, so that such runaway slave or slaves may be taken and restored to his or at discretion of a their owner or owners, or be committed to any workhouse, every such slave or slaves magistrate. go informing, shall be entitled to such reward as any justice shall think just and

reasonable, and be paid by such person or persons as such justice shall determine ought to pay the same, not less than ten shillings, nor exceeding twenty shillings, to be enforced by a warrant under the hand and seal of such justice.

°r 23* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or

to be rewarded. * slaves shall kill or take any slave or slave in actual rebellion, he or she shall receive from the churchwardens of the respective parishes where such slave or slaves shall have beeu killed, the sum of three pounds; and the sum of five pounds if taken alive, and a blue cloth coat; to be paid and furnished by the churchwardens of the respective parishes where such slave or slaves shall have been killed or taken; the whole expense whereof shall be reimbursed by the receiver general for the time being, out of any monies in his hands unappropriated.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 57

JAMAICA.

24. And be it further enacted by the Trathorityaforesaid, That if any person

hereafter shall wantonly, willingly or blood-mindedly, kill, or cause to be lulled,

any negro or other slave, such person so offending, shall, on conviction, be ad- Persons wilfully judged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and shall suffer death accordingly for the said offence: Provided always, That such conviction shall not extend Soodnot corrupted to the corrupting the blood, or the forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods or chattels, thereby. P any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

25. And in order to prevent any person from mutilating, dismembering, or Persons mutilating cruelly beating or confining any slave or slaves, Be it further enacted by the authority slaws, or «awea* aforesaid, That if any master, mistress, owner, possessor, or other person whatsoever, shall at his her or their own will and pleasure, or by his ner or their twelve

direction, or with his her or their knowledge, sufferance, privity or consent, months, mutilate or dismember any slave or slaves, or wantonly or cruelly whip, maltreat, beat, bruise, wound or imprison, or keep in confinement, without sufficient support, any slave or slaves, he she or they shall be liable to be indicted for such offence in the supreme court of judicature, or in any of the assize courts of this Island; and, upon conviction, shall be punished by fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or imprisonment not exceeding twelve months, or both, for each and every slave so mutilated or dismembered, punished or confined; and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that could or might be brought at common besides being liable law for recovery of damages, for or on account of the same, in case such slave or to an action of da-slaves shall not be the property of the offender: and in atrocious cases, where the owner of such slave or slaves shall be convicted of such offence, the court before Court may, in atro-whom such offender shall have been tried and convicted, are hereby empowered, in case they shall think it necessary for the future protection of such slave or slaves, "avwT to declare him her or them free and discharged from all manner of servitude, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and in all such cases, the court are hereby and order the pe-empowered and authorized, if to them it shall appear necessary, to order and direct na,^r to b* P*" to the said fine of one hundred pounds to be paid to the justices and vestry of the vewrJ* parish to which the said slave or slaves belonged, to the use of the said parish j the said justices and vestry, in consideration thereof, paying to each of the said slave who are to allow or slaves so made free, the sum of ten pounds per annum for his or her mainte- each slave £. 10 per nance and support during life: and in case any slave or slaves shall suffer any annum* before-mentioned mutilations, or wanton punishment or confinement, such slave c?"»pkinlag or slaves, on his her or their application to any justice of the peace, the said justice beaeaTbTthe^k^ of the peace shall be and is hereby directed, required and empowered, on view, faouM, to b« sup-audits appearing to his satisfaction, that such mutilation or wanton punishment porud tad attended have been really suffered, to send such slave or slaves to the nearest workhouse "M*"8* °* where such offence shall be committed, and such slave or slaves shall be there safely kept and carefully attended, but not worked, at the expense of such parish, untu such time as there shall be a legal meeting of the justices and vestry of such parish; which meeting the said justice shall call as soon as conveniently may be: which justices and vestry so met, are hereby created and appointed a council of protection who are hereby of such slave or slaves; and the said justices and vestry so met, are hereby directed created * council of and empowered to make further and full inquiry, upon view, and by the examine- tohiqidwintowch tion of witnesses, into the commitment of the mutilation or punishment of such slave mutilation*, and pr slaves; and if to them it shall appear proper, the said justices and vestry ’are prosacuta the of-hereby empowered and required to prosecute to effect such owner or owners, the expense of which prosecution shall be paid by the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in esse the owner or owners of such slave or slaves, shall appear Owners may be capable of paying the costs and charges of such before-mentioned prosecution, the said 8u#d {oT cmXM-justices and vestry are hereby empowered to commence a suit or suits against such owner or owners of such slave or slaves, and recover all costs and charges out of purse by them laid out and expended in such suit or suits j and the keeper or supervisor of WofUxmse-keeper the workhouse where such slave or slaves shall have been first committed, is hereby f° directed and required, upon due notice of the first meeting of the justices and vestry of the parish where the offence was committed, to produce such slave or slaves, for nalty of £.*«. the inspection and direction of such justices and vestry, under the jpenalty of one hundred pounds for every neglect in not producing before such justices and vestry such slave or slaves.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any justice of Justices being in the peace shah receive any complaint or probable intelligence from any slave or fonned Jrvr* 433, JP otherwise, "* 01

8 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

JAMAICA

otherwise, that any slave or slaves is or are so mutilated or punished, is or are confined without sufficient support, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the

confined without peace, and he is hereby empowered and required forthwith to issue his warrant to support, are to issue juiy constable, ordering him immediately to proceed to the place where such slave or ^lr fi^aVe8 a*® confined, and such slave or slaves to release and bring before such justice,

be brought who on view of the fact, is hereby authorized to send such slave or slaves to the them. workhouse for protection, there to be kept, but not worked, until inquiry shall be

made into the fact, according to law.

Vo slave to have 27. And, in order to restrain arbitrary punishment. Be it further enacted by the more thaa tea authority aforesaid. That no slave on any plantation or settlement, or in any of the one effcuce ^uiiUet* wor^houses or gaols in this Island, shall receive more than ten lashes at one time the owner! or au> and for one offence, unless the owner, attorney, guardian, executor, or administra-pervisor, &c. be tor, or overseer of such plantation or settlement, having such slave in his care, or present, nor more supervisor of such workhouse, or keeper of such gad, shall be present; and that no MyDacwmt^one su^1 owner, attorney, guardian, executor, administrator, or overseer, supervisor or day, under penalty, gaol-keeper, shall on any account punish a slave with more than thirty-nine lashes at one tune, and for one offence, nor inflict, or suffer to be inflicted such last-mentioned punishment, nor any other number of lashes in the same day, nor until the delinquent has recovered from the effects of any former punishment, under a penalty not less than ten pounds or more than twenty pounds for every offence, to be recovered against the person directing or permitting such punishment, in a summary manner, upon conviction before any two magistrates, by warrant, besides being subject to be prosecuted by indictment in the supreme assize courts, or courts of quarter sessions of this Island, as for an offence against this Act.

Complaints of 28. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any slaves being im- justice of the peace shall receive any complaint or probable intelligence, from any tTbe mq umxTiato ^ave or otherwise, that any slave or slaves nas or have been improperly punished, summarily by two contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to magistrates; and for such magistrate to associate one other of the magistrates of the said parish with him, and to inquire in a summary maimer into such complaint; and if upon inquiry it shall be found that the said complaint is true, it shall be the duty of the said magistrates, and they are hereby required to proceed against the offender according to aod, where they are law; but if it shall appear that such complaint was groundless, the said magistrates groundless com- shall punish the complainant, and the person giving information thereof, in such msbed*1*’ *° * manner as to them may seem proper.

Penalties on per- 29. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such person sons putting shall on any pretence whatsoever, punish any negro or other slave, whether his own r&J" property or <rtherwi», by fixing or causing to be fixed an iron or other collar round collars^ther than the ne°k of such slave, or by loading the body or limbs of such slave, for any offence h«re designated, whatsoever, with weights or chains of any kind, other than a light collar without hooks, to indicate that such slave is an incorrigible runaway, or one accustomed to commit depredation on grounds of the other negroes, and which collar shall only be put on by the directions of a magistrate, on complaint being made, under a penalty not less than five pounds, nor exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two or more justices of the peace of the parish or precinct where the offence shall be committed; and all and every the justices of the peace within this Island, are hereby authorized, directed, and required, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, on information, and view of such offence, to order such collar, chains, irons, or weights, to be immediately taken off' from the slave or slaves wearing or bearing the same.

No slave to travel (unless to market) without a ticket,

under penalty of forty shillings on the owner, &c.

30; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no slave, such only excepted as are going with firewood, grass, fruit, provisions, or small stock, and other goods, which they may lawfully sell, to market, and returning therefrom, shall hereafter he suffered or permitted to go out of his or her master’s or owner's plantation or settlement, or to travel from one town or place to another, unless such slave shall have a ticket from his master, owner, employer, or overseer, expressing particularly the time of such slave's setting out, and where he or she is going, and the tune limited for his or her return, under a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every slave so offending, to be recovered from the master, owner, employer, or overseer, in a summary manner, before any one justice of the peace, by warrant of distress, complaint being made to him upon oath, unless the master, owner, employer, or overseer

/jf

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 59

seer of such store shall prove upon oath, before any justice of the peace of the parish Jamaica. or precinct where such master, owner, employer, or overseer may or shall five or happen to be, that he did give the mid slave such ticket as aforesaid, or that such if he cannot prove slave went away without his consent, in which case the justice to order punishment; he gave a ticket, or and if such justice shall reftise or neglect his duty, either in causing the penalty to ^a^Macwwwt. be forthwith levied, on complaint being made to him as aforesaid, on the owner, if justices do aot overseer, or any other person who shall suffer a slave, being under his or their direc- inflict thi» penalty, tion, to go without a ticket as aforesaid, every justice so offending shall forfeit the Suxh tb#y fe*fcrt 5* of five pounds; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

31. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ticket shall be Tickets to be only granted to any slave or slaves for any time exceeding one calendar month. for one month‘

32. And whereas, the more effectually to conceal runaway slaves, or prevent their being apprehended, tickets are given by Indians, free negroes, or free mulattoes:

Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Indian, free negro,'or ?wo people grant-mulatto, granting or giving such ticket with such intent, shall be liable to be tried be

for the said offence before the supreme court of judicature, or in either of the courts pWnui.^i> u of assize in this Island where the offence shall be committed; and on conviction, coart shall direct, shall suffer transportation, or such other punishment as the court in their discretion shall think proper to inflict, not extending to life.

33. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if such ticket shall White peopledoing

be granted or given by any white person, with such intent as aforesaid, to any dare so, to be abo or slaves before or after his or their absenting themselves from their owner, employer, Buni8^lat di*cre‘ overseer or manager, such white person shall be liable to be tried for the same before on 0 # court‘

the supreme court of judicature, or either of the assize courts of this Island, where

the offence shall be committed; and on conviction, shall suffer such punishment as the court in their discretion, shall think proper to inflict, not extending to life.

34. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any master, owner, guardian, possessor, or attorney, overseer or book-keeper of any plantation or settlement, shall hereafter suffer any strange slaves to assemble together and beat their drums, or blow their horns or shells upon any plantation, pen, or settlement, or in any yard or place under his her or their care or management, or shall not endeavour to disperse or prevent the same, by immediately giving notice thereof to the next magistrate or commissioned officer, that a proper force may be sent to disperse the said slaves, every such master, owner, guardian, possessor, or attorney, overseer or book-keeper, shall for every such offence, upon conviction thereof upon an indictment in the supreme court of judicature or courts of assize, or quarter sessions of the parish wherein such offence shall have been committed, pay a fine of fifty pounds to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof: Provided nevertheless, that information of such offence shall be made, upon oath, before any of His Majesty* justices of the peace, within the space of fourteen days after the commission of the offence.

Penalty of £ 50 for not endeavouring to suppreu unlawful assemblies of slaves.

Information must be given within fourteen days.

35. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all officers, civil Civil and military and military, shall be and are hereby empowered and required to enter into any officers to suppress plantation, settlement, or other place, to disperse all such unlawful assemblies, and to such a*emb €8' suppress and prevent all unlawful drmmmngs, or other noise, as beforementioned,

any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding, according to the nature, degree, or circumstances of the case.

36. And whereas it has been found by experience, that rebellions hove been often concerted at negro-dances and nightly meetings of slaves; and as it has been found also that those meetings tend much to injure the health of negroes; Be it

further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any owner or proprietor, over- Overman, &c. wk» seer, or in his absence, any book-keeper, or other person having the care and ma- mch awem-

nagement of any plantation or settlement, shall suffer any slaves to assemble *ix monthlT"

together, or beat their drums or blow their horns or shells, every such owner or 8006 * n ' proprietor, overseer, book-keeper, or other person so offending, shaft for every such offence, upon conviction thereof, upon an indictment in the supreme court of judicature, or Wfore the justices of assize, or court of quarter sessions wherein such offence shall M committed, suffer imprisonment, without hail or mainprise, for any term not exceeding six calendar months; provided information is made upon oath if information given as aforesaid, before (me of His Majesty's justices of the peace, within fourteen days ,n fourtetn da* 433* after

JAMAICA.

Slaves may have diversions on the

properties they be-ong to, if no drums, &c. an used;

bat they mast be over by ten at night.

Negro burials to be over by sunset, or owner, &c. forfeits A 50.

Burials in (he towns, &c. must also be cm before

60 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acta of

after the commission of such offence j but nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any master, owner or proprietor of any plantation or settlement, or the overseer thereof, from granting liberty to the slaves of such plantation or settlement only, for assembling together upon such plantation or settlement, and . playing and diverting themselves in any innocent amusements, so as they do not make use of military drums, horns, or shells; but that they shall and may grant such liberty when and as often as they please, any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding $ provided that such amusements are put an end to by ten o’clock at night.

37. And in order to prevent riots and nightly meetings among negroes and other slaves, to the disturbance of the public peace, and endangering their healths, Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all negro burials shall in future »ake jdace in the day-time only, so that the same may be ended before sunset; and if any master, owner or possessor of slaves, his or her overseer or chief manager, shall knowingly suffer or permit the burial of any slave otherwise than as before directed, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any burials shall take place in any of the towns of this Island, or in savannahs, commons or other places not in charge of an overseer, after sunset, every person of free condition in whose house, yard or premises any slaves shall be permitted to assemble for attending such burial, ohall forfeit a sum not less that five pounds nor exceeding fifty pounds, and the negro or other slaves who shall meet for the purpose of attending such burial, or be found thereat, shall, upon conviction before two or more magistrates, suffer such punishment as the said magistrates shall direct, not exceeding thirty-nine lashes,

38. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Indian, free negro or mulatto, or white person shall hereafter suffer any unlawful assembly of slaves at his or her house or settlement, every such Indian, free negro, mulatto or white person shall, upon due conviction thereof before any court of quarter sessions, suffer punishment by fine, not exceeding one hundred pounds, or imprisonment not exceeding six months: Provided nevertheless, that information thereof shall be given on oath within fourteen days of such unlawful meeting.

39. And whereas the permitting and suffering negro and other slaves to keep horses, mares, mules or geldings, is attended with many and great mischiefs to the Island in general; in order therefore to remedy the same. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencing of this Act no master,

iuuiuu ui«u «, owner or proprietor, attorney, guardian, trustee or other person in possession of any iwvpIhoreLr* to plantation, pen or settlement, or holding a property of slaves, although not settled forfeit i.30. for on any property, shall knowingly permit or suffer any slave or slaves to keep on such

Slantation, pen or settlement, any horse, mare, mule or gelding; and in case of so oing shall, for every offence, forfeit the aum of thirty pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner, before any two justices of the peace for the parish or precinct where such offence is committed or permitted.

40. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every master, owner, proprietor, attorney, guardian, trustee or other person, at the respective times of their giving in an account of their slaves and stock to the justices and vestry, shall also make oath that none of the said horses, mares, mules, or geldings so given in do belong to any negro or other slave, and that such person so givitqg in, or his her or their employer or employers, hath not nor have in his her or their possession, to his her or their knowledge or belief, any horse, mare, mule or gelding belonging to, or reputed to belong to, any slave or slaves j and in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse so to do, any person so refusing or neglecting shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of thirty pounds, to be recovered in the same summary manner, and to be disposed of as hereinafter mentioned; and if any person or persons shall hereafter discover any horse, mare, mule or gelding belonging to any negro or other slaves, he shall forthwith take and send the same to the nearest pound of the parish where such horse, mare, mule or gelding shall be found, and the Keeper of the pound aforesaid shall and he is hereby obliged to receive the same, under penalty of ten pounds for each and every horse, mare, mule or gelding so refused, unless the same shall be disordered so as to endanger the cattle or other stock already in the pound, in which case only it shall and may be lawful for such pound-keeper to refuse such disordered horse, mare, mule or gelding; and upon reception into the pound of any horse, mare, mule or gelding, the property or supposed property of any negro or other slave, the pound-keeper aforesaid shell,

for

Penalty on persons permitting unlawful aeeemWoge of •lave* at their boose* or settlements,

if complained of in fourteen days.

Owners, &c. of slave#, knowingly permitting them to

each offence.

When stock given in, oath to be made that none of the horses, &c. belong to any slave, under penalty of A $0. for neglect or refusal.

Any person discovering horses, &c. belonging to slaves, mutt send them to the pound.

How they are to be disposed of.

JAMAICA.

Properties of persons manumising slaves, subjected to the annual sum allowed by law for, their support.

Slaves to be manumised by will, not exempted from any debt against the •state of the testator.

Legal instrumaato in writing, for the disposal of goods, &c. sufficient in the manumission ef slaves.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 61

for four successive weeks, advertise the same in the gazette or chronicle of the county where such pound is situate, under the head of negro stock, and describing the height, colour and marks in the most particular manner; and in one week after the expiration of the said four weeks* advertisement, shall put up and sell the same, at the usual place of public sales in the said parish, and after deduction of the usual charges; of the pound, in which no mile-money shall form a part, shall pay one moiety of the net proceeds to the person who brought in such horse, mare, mule or gelding, and the other moiety to the churchwardens of the parish, for the benefit of the poor of the said parish.

41. And whereas it may happen that slaves directed to be manumised by will may find it difficult to establish their freedoms, by reason of the person or persons acting under such will refusing to enter into the security required by law on the manumission of slaves; Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any person shall, by will in writing, expressly manumise, or direct to be manumised, any slave or slaves belonging to him or her, the usual bond required by law in cases of manumission shall not be necessary, but the estate of the person so manumising any slave or slaves, or directing any slave or slaves to be manumised, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be liable to the payment of the annual sum required by law to be paid to any slave manumised, and the freedom of such slave so manumised, or directed to be manumised by will, shall be at once established: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt such slaves so manumised from any debt or demand against the estate of the testator, to which such slave or slaves should be otherwise liable: And provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That any will in writing which by law would be deemed valid and sufficient for disposing of goods and chattels or other personal estate, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be valid and sufficient for manumising, or directing to be manumised, any slave or slaves, any thing in a certain statute made and passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, commonly called the Statute of Frauds and Perjuries, or in a certain Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, made and passed in the sixteenth year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Devises of Negro, Mulatto, and other Slaves in Wills," or any act, law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

42. And whereas it is expedient to prevent slaves from being purchased by persons for the purposes of re-sale; and to prevent such re-sales. Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of tins Act, if any person or persons shall be found travelling about from place to place exposing or offering for sale any negro, mulatto, or other slave or slaves, it shall and may be lawful for any person whomsoever to seize and detain any such person or persons, and the slave or slaves under his or their charge, and to carry such person or persons, and slave or slaves, before any one of His Majesty's justices of the peace or parish where such offences shall be committed; which skid justice is hereby authorized and required to call to his assistance one other justice of the said parish, and which two justices being so associated shall, on due proof on oath that the party or parties brought before them bad been found ex-' posing or offering a slave or slaves to sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, cause the said slave or slaves so offered for sale to be publicly sold, by warrant under the hands and seals of the said two justices, one moiety of the monies arising from the sale thereof, after deducting the expenses of the said sale, to be. paid into the hands of the churchwardens of the said parish where the offence shall be committed, for the use of the poor of the said parish, and the other moiety to the use of the person or persons who shall bring the offender or offenders before the said justices.

43. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the oath of the person or The oath of the ia-penons bringing such offender or offenders before the said justices shall be re- former sufficient, cqived and taken, and shall be considered good evidence against such offender or offenders.

44. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any sale or sales Sales of slaves made of slaves shall be so made as aforesaid, the same shall be, and are hereby declared M aforesaid to be to be null and void, and that no title shall accrue to the purchaser or purchasers gja.Jfa-fctod. thereof; atad any slave or slaves so sold shall become forfeited, and any justice or justices, on infertile peace, on receiving information on oath of any such sale or sales, shall issue Ins motion, to issue

Persons travelling about the country for the purpose of trafficking in slaves, to be taken up and carried, with the slaves, before a justice, who is to proceed against them as herein directed.

62 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

JAMAICA.

warrant to take up such slave or slaves; and if it shall appear to his satisfaction that such slave or slaves has or have been so sold, he shall declare the same to be

warrants to take up forfeited> and proceed to sell the said slave or slaves, and apply the money arising slaves so sold, to from such sale in manner hereinbefore mentioned, sell them, and manner of applying the money.

Proceedings under this Act cannot be

45. And be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ of certiorari or other process shall issue or be issuable, to remove any proceedings whatso-supreme or^assize ever Pursuance of this Act, into the supreme court of judicature, or any other

courts. of the courts of this Island.

Slaves concerned In rebellions, or committing murder, &c. to suffer death, transportation, &c.

46. And whereas it is absolutely necessary that the slaves in this Island should be kept in due obedience to their owners, and in the due subordination to the white people in general, and as much as in the power of the legislature, all means and opportunities of slaves being concerned in rebellious conspiracies, and committing other crimes, to the ruin and destruction of the white people and others in this Island, prevented, and that proper punishments should be appointed for all crimes to be by them committed: Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or slaves shall, after the commencement of this Act, enter into or be concerned in any rebellion or rebellious conspiracy, or commit any murder, felony, burglary, robbery, or set fire to any houses, out-houses, negro-houses, cane-pieces, grass or corn-pieces, or break into such houses, out-houses or negro-houses, in the day-time, no person being therein, and stealing thereout; or compass or imagine the death of any white person, and declare the same by some overt act; or commit any other crime which would subject white persons, or persons of free condition, to be indicted far felony, such slave or slaves shall, for every such offence or offences, upon trial and conviction thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned, suffer death, transportation, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper to direct, according to the nature and extent of the offence.

47. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall assault or offer any violence, by striking or otherwise, to or towards any white people or persons of free condition, such slave, upon due and proper proof, shall, upon conviction, be punished with death, transportation, or confinement to hard labour for life or a limited time, or such other punishment, according to the nature of the offence, as the court shall in their discretion think proper to inflict; provided such assault or violence be not by command of his her or their owners, overseers, or persons entrusted with them, or m the lawful defence of their owners* persons or goods.

48. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or slaves shall hereafter be found to have in his her or their custody or possession, any fire-arms, pikes, sabres, swords, cutlasses, lances, gunpowder, slugs or ball, without the knowledge of his her or their owner, proprietor or possessor, or his her or their overseer, such slave or slaves shall be taken before two magistrates, who shall, if they, are of opinion that the same was with evil intent, commit such slave or slaves to the gaol, to be tried by a slave court, as hereinafter directed, and upon conviction, the said slave or slaves shall suffer death, transportation, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper to direct.

49. And in order to prevent the many mischiefs that may hereafter arise from the wicked art of negroes going under the appellation of Obeah men or women, and pretending to have communication with the Devil, and other evil spirits, whereby the weak and superstitious are deluded into a belief of their having full power to exempt them whilst under their protection, from many evils that might otherwise

Slaves pretending happen; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the ^wer may4 be sen- of this Act, any slave who shall pretend to any supernatural power, in

tenced to death, &c. order to excite rebellion, or other evil purposes, or shall use or pretend to use any such practices, with intent, or so as to affect or endanger the life or health of any other slave, shall upon conviction thereof suffer death or transportation, any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

50. And whereas it has been found, that, the practice of ignorant, superstitious. Punishment on or designing slaves of attempting to instruct others, has been attended with the most teaching6^-°r P61"11^0^ consequences, and even with the Iqss of life; Be it enacted, That any. baptists, or other- slave or slaves found guilty of preaching and teaching aa anabaptists, or otherwise, wise without per- without a permission from their owner, and the quarter sessions for the parish in

mission. which

If slaves offer violence to white, or free people, court to order punishment,

unless sufficient reason shown.

How slaves possessing fire-arms are to be punished.

I

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 63

which such preaching and teaching takes place, shall be punished in such manner JAMAICA.

as any two magistrates may deem proper, by flagellation, or imprisonment in the workhouse to hard labour.

51. And whereas a practice of nightly and other private meetings, has frequently

taken place amongst the slaves in several parts of this Island, and which have been unknown to the owner, attorney, or other person having charge of the slaves of the property, and as such meetings are injurious to the health of the slaves, and of dangerous tendency; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in future Nightly meetings all such meetings shall be deemed unlawful, and the persons who shall or may attend ^e'at’

them, shall be liable to be apprehended and taken before any magistrate of the tending them^how parish wherein the offence shall be committed; and if any person of free condition punishable, attend such meeting, and it appears to the said magistrate, on the oath of the person

accusing the party, that he or she is guilty, he or she shall be committed to gaol to be tried at the next quarter session of the parish for the said offence; and if convicted thereof, he or she wall be sentenced to imprisonment in the county gaol, for such period of time as the justices before whom he or she shall be so convicted think proper to direct, not exceeding three months; and if the offender be a slave, he or she offender be a shall be tried at a slave court, and if convicted thereof, he or she shall be sentenced

by the said court to hard labour for such time as the court shall think proper to s]avecourtmay au direct, or to receive such other punishment, by flogging, not exceeding thirty-nine rect. lashes at one time, as the court shall order and direct.

52. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro, or Slaves preparing or other slave or slaves, shall mix or prepare, with an intent to give or cause to be given Sou^death does any poison, or poisonous or noxious drug, pounded glass, or other deleterious matter, DOtU ensue? are°to in the practice of Obeah or otherwise, although death may not ensue on the taking suffer death, thereof, the said slave or slaves, together with their accessaries, as well before as after

the fact (being slaves,) being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer death, any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

53. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be found in the possession of Punishment on any slave any poisonous drug, pounded glass, parrots' beaks, dogs' teeth, alligators' sla.ve# ar>y-

teeth, or other materials notoriously used in the practice of Obeah or witchcraft, such ^u,?d?dSglas*fSic. slave, upon conviction, shall be liable to suffer transportation from this Island, or in their possession, such other punishment, not extending to life, as the court shall think proper to direct.

54. And whereas it is necessary to prevent secret and unlawful meetings of Slaves found at any

slaves j Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every slave or n\eetin8’formed for slaves who shall be found at any meeting formed either for the purpose of adminis- &T

tering unlawful oaths, by drinking human blood mixed with rum, grave-dirt, or are to be punished, otherwise, or of learning the use of arms, or for any other unlawful or dangerous as court shall purpose, such slave or slaves shall, upon conviction thereof, suffer death, or transporta- direct*

tion for life, as the court shall direct.

55. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or as are white or free persons, either white or of free condition, shall be present at any such meeting, P*°Ple> present at and aiding and assisting in any of the unlawful purposes before mentioned, such suc meet,nSs* person or persons shall, upon conviction thereof in the supreme court, or either of

the courts of assize of this Island, be punished by death, transportation off this Island for life, or fine or imprisonment, or both, at the discretion of the court before whom such person or persons shall be tried.

56. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons having knowledge Parsons having

of such unlawful meetings as aforesaid, shall not forthwith give information thereof of:8uch

to a justice of the peace, such person or persons shall, on conviction before the ""d ^0" ^vingDm-supreme, or either of the courts of assize of this Island, suffer such punishment, by formation thereof, fine or imprisonment, or both, or by public whipping, as the court before which such 19 be punished at person or persons shall have been so convicted shall direct. discretion of court.

57. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro Slaves stealing or other slave shall, after the commencement of this Act, steal any homed cattle, horned cattle,sheep, sheep, goat, hog, horse, mare, mule or ass, or shall kill any such homed cattle, j^tonnedtodeath. sheep, hog, goat, hone, mare, mule or ass, with intent to steal the whole carcass of

any such horned cattle, sheep, goat, hog, horse, mare, mule or ass, or any part of

64 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

If slaves have in their possession twenty pounds of meat unaccounted for, they are to be whipped, not exceeding thirty-nine lashes * and if above twenty politick, ' justices to assign punishment not, • affecting life*

JAMAICA.

the flesh thereof, such negro or other slave shah, on conviction thereof, suffer doth, transportation, or such other punishment as the court in its discretion shall aaftich

58. And whereas great numbers of homed cattle, sheep, goats,' hogs, horses, mares, mules and asses, are frequently stolen and killed by negro and other slaves, in so secret and private a manner, that it is with the greatest difficulty' they can be found out and discovered, in such manner as to convict them of such offence, although large quantities of beef, mutton, and the flesh of other valuable animate, are found upon him her or them; in order, therefore, to prevent such evils in future, and to punish the perpetrators of such acts agreeable to their crimes5 Re it: enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave shall fraudulently hove in his her or their custody or possession, unknown to his or her master, owner, overseer, or other persons who shall have the overlooking or employing of such slave, any fresh beef, veal, mutton, pork, or goat, or the flesh of horse, mare, mule or ass, in any quantity not exceeding twenty pounds weight, without giving a satisfactory account in what manner he or she became possessed thereof, such negro or other slave, upon conviction thereof before any two magistrates, shall be whipped in such manner as such magistrates shall direct, not exceeding thirty-nine lashes; and if there shall be found in his her or their custody or possession, a larger or greater

Quantity than twenty pounds weight of fresh beef, veal, mutton, pom, or goat; or be flesh of horse, mare, mule or ass, and such slave shall net give a satisfactory • account bow be or she became possessed of such meat, then such negro or other f . w slave, upon conviction thereof, shall suffer such punishment as the said two justices shall think proper to inflict or direct, not extending to life or imprisonment for life.

Punishment on 59. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slaves maiming or slave shall wantonly and cruelly cut, chop, shoot at, or otherwise maim and injure U^home^c. 0*1* homed cattle, horse, gelding, mare, mule or ass, such negro or other slave shall, for every such offence, be tried in a summary manner before two or more

justices of the peace of the parish or precinct where the offence shall be committed; and the said justices of the peace shall, on conviction of such slave or slaves, order and direct such punishment to be inflicted as they shall think proper, not exceeding fifty lashes, to be inflicted at one or more different times, or two months hard labour in the workhouse; and in all cases where from such treatment as abovB set forth, any homed cattle, horse, mare, mule, gelding or ass, shall be killed, or shall die within ten days after the offence committed, although the carcass, or any part of the flesh thereof, may not be stolen, such negro or other slave shall be tried at a qlave court, and on conviction thereof suffer death, transportation, or confinement to nsrd labour for life, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper.

Also on those wan- 60. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or slaves tonly catting and shall, by wantonly and cruelly cutting, chopping, striking, or by any other manner slave?"18 607 ° T qtway whatsoever mutilate, disfigure, dismember, or injure any slave or slaves* ao .*

40 endanger life, although death shall not ensue, or that such slave or slaves shad be-< corne a cripple, or lose any of his or her limbs, or be deprived of the qsfcthereof, all and every or any such slave or slaves so offending shall, for every o^ any wh offence, be tried at a slave court, and upon conviction shall, for the first offenee, «dfor such punishment, not extending to life, as the court shall think proper -to,:dg$$t, according to the circumstances of the case; and for a second offence, upon conviction, shall suffer death, or transportation for life, as the court shall direct.

* 6j, And whereas the practice of negroes to clear their grounds by fire is

dangerous to the neighbouring properties, and frequent instances of alarm and ft . occur from want of some restraint in that respect; for prevention of so great fan,e\ Punishment on Re it, further, enacted, That if any injury shall arise fo the owner, proprietor, nr slavescje&nag their possessor of one property, by a slave or slaves on the adjoining property cfoapng groun s y e. g^d by fire, the slave or slaves who shaft so clear ground by fire, by which ifljury . shall result to the adjoining property, shall be proceeded against, tried and punished Overseers, &c.hav- y guilty, as and for a misdemeanour; and if the overseer, or other person then any fir7 has6been dually having charge of the property on which such fire shall originate, shall have made for such pur- knowledge that any negro under his charge has made any Such fire for Clearing' h pose, and not doing or her ground, and shall net forthwith use his best endeavours to cause the same to their utmost to ex- jjg extinguished, and such fire shall cause ifljUry to the neighbouring property, such dned'at discretion overseer, or other pereoh, shall suffer sufch fine as any two justices of the peace of foe of two justices. s 1' parish,

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 65

parish wherein such injury shall happen, shall award, not exceeding ten pounds for one and the same offence; the complaint whereon shall be heard, determined, and the penalty, when imposed, shall be enforced in a summary manner, before any two justices of the peace.

62. And whereas it is very dangerous to the peace and safety of this Island, to suffer slaves to continue out as runaways, and it is absolutely necessary to declare and make known to the public, what slaves shall be deemed such: Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act, any slave or slaves who shall be absent from his owner or employer, without leave, for the space of five days, or who shall be found at the distance of eight miles from the house, plantation, or other settlement to which such slave or slaves shall belong, without a ticket or other permit to pass, except as hereinbefore excepted, in going to and returning from market, shall be deemed a runaway.

63. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall run away from his or her owner or lawful possessor, and continue absent for a term exceeding six months, such slave, being convicted thereof, shall be sentenced to be confined to hard labour, for such time as the court shall determine, or be transported for life, according to the magnitude of the offence.

64. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall run away from his or her lawful owner or possessor as aforesaid, and continue absent for any term not exceeding six months, such slave shall be liable to be tried before two justices, and upon conviction thereof, shall for the first offence suffer such punishment, by flogging or confinement to hard labour, not exceeding three months, as the said two justices shall think proper to direct; but if the said slave hath frequently run away, and is by his owner or possessor declared to be an incorrigible runaway, he shall be treated as if he had run away from his said owner or possessor, and continued absent for a term exceeding six months, and such slave being convicted thereof, shall be sentenced to be confined to hard labour, or be transported for life, as the court shall direct.

JAMAICA.

Slaves absent five days, or found eight miles from home, without tickets, to be deemed runaways.

Slaves who shall run away for a period longer than six months* to be punished as the court shall direct.

Punishment on those who continue absent for a shorter period.

65. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave or slaves who shall knowingly harbour or conceal any runaway slave or slaves, shall be liable to be tried for the same, at the slave court hereinafter appointed, and on conviction, shall suffer such punishment as the court shall think proper to direct, not extending to life.

66, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave, or other Owner, &c. to pay person or persons whatsoever, who shall apprehend any runaway slave or slaves, shall mne^one^for"*1 for everyone so apprehended, be entitled to receive from the owner, employer, or each runaway taken -overseer, or manager of such slave or slaves, the sum of ten shillings, and no more, up. besides mile-money, at the rate of one shilling per mile for the first five miles, and sixpence per mile for every mile afterwards: Provided nevertheless. That nothing in Proviso, this Act contained shall be construed to extend to an allowance of the said sum of ten shillings, and mile-money in addition to the sum allowed to Maroon negroes for apprehending, runaways : And provided also, that it is not hereby intended to This Act not to deprive the said Maroons of their legal and established reward of forty shillings for to

each negro.

67. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or per- staves, when ap-

sons so apprehending such runaway slave or slaves, shall convey him her or them to prehended, to be their respective owner, employer, or manager, or to the workhouse of the parish in ^e

which they may be apprehended, if any workhouse is established there j and m ease workhouse of the of there being no workhouse, to the next gaol; and the gaoler or workhouse keeper parish; but if no is hereby required and ordered to receive such slave or slaves into his or their custody, workhouse in the and to pay the party delivering such slave or slaves, the said sum of ten shillings, and mile-money as aforesaid, and no more, for each slave so delivered, under the penalty workhouse or gaol-~of five pounds. keeper must receive

such sieves, and pay reward and mile-money under penalty of £. 5.

68. And to the end that the owners and proprietors of runaway slaves, may have a due knowledge where such slaves are confined, after their being apprehended and sent to any workhouse or gaol in this Island, in order that such owners or proprietors may apply for such slaves: Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

• That from and after the commencement of this Act, all and every the keepers of the ferm. w«tkly in

Slaves harbouring runaways, to be adjudged by a slave court*

66 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

each county paper, all runaways in their possession, with full descrip-

JAMAICA.

workhouses or gaol-keepers, in any of the parishes of this Island, shall and they are hereby obliged, once in every week, to advertise in the gazette of St. Jago de la Vega, the Royal Gazette, and the Cornwall Chronicle, the height, names, marks, and sex, and also the country, where the same can be ascertained, of each and every runaway slave then in their custody, together with the time of their being sent into

tions of them, under custody, and the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, if known, and that penalty of £. 10; upon oath, under the penalty of ten pounds for every slave so neglected by him to be fo^eadf a*er*er a^veEti*e^ > for the expense of such advertisement, they the said workhouse month, which own- keepers or gaol-keepers shall and may and they are hereby authorized to charge ers are to reim- the owner or proprietor of such runaway slaves so advertised, at and after the rate of burse- three shillings and four-pence per month for each paper, and no more; which said sum

Printers account* to of three shillings and four-pence per month for each paper, to be paid to the printers of be annually paid by the several papers respectively, the amount of whose accounts, after being properly treasurers. authenticated upon oath, shall be paid annually by the treasurers for the time being

Slaves de* tk® several workhouses in this Island : And that it shall and may be lawful for

the keeper of the workhouse, or gaol-keeper, to detain and keep in his or their custody such runaway slave or slaves so brought unto him or them, until the owner or owners thereof, or some person on their behalf, properly authorized, shall pay unto him or them what he'or they so paid to the person or persons who apprehended and brought suob slave or slaves into custody, with the two shillings and sixpence in the c«d?- *d* *er d»r P011®"* ^or laying out his or their money, the cost of advertising, at and after therate for maintenance^ above mentioned, and sixpence for every twenty-fourhours such slave or slaves shall hare been in custody, for maintenance, and two-pence per day for medical care, and extraordi-

Uined till advertiping is paid for.

as well as the re-

atf. per day for

medical care, where uary nourishment where necessary, the expense of clothing when supplied, and also necessary, ~ ~

which charges must be attested,

[Proviso.]

the charges of advertising above directed, and no other fees whatever; and that the gaoler, workhouse keeper, or supervisor, and no other person, shall attest upon oath that the charges in the account for mile-money, and the reward for apprehending such slave, were actually paid to the person who brought such runaway, and that the whole of the charges in the said account, are strictly conformable to law : Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the owner or owners of any slave, to be committed by the judgment of any slave court, or by order of the magistrates, to any workhouse by way of punishment, shall not be answerable for, or compelled to pay the workhouse fees, for the time such slave shall be so committed and confined.

ment^t^have^mffi ®9* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the keeper of every dent provisions ' workhouse or gaol in this Island, shall under the penalty of ten pounds for every under penalty of neglect, provide and give to every slave confined in such workhouse or gaol, a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome provisions daily: that is to say, not less than one

Kations for them, qu^ of unground Guinea or Indian com, or three pints of the flour or meal of either, or three pints of wheat flour, or eight full grown plantains; or eight pounds of cooooas or yams, and also one herring or shad, or other salted provisions equal thereto; and shall also, under the like penalty, provide and supply every such slave confined as aforesaid, with good and sufficient clothing where necessary.

---

[On negroes, or other persons detained as runaway slaves, alleging themselves to be free, custodes to summon a special sessions to investigate the truth thereof.]

70. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any negro or other person sent in and detained in any gaol or workhouse as a runaway slave, shall allege himself or herself to be free, it shall be the duty of the custos or senior justice of the parish or precinct wherein such gaol or work-house is situated, to convene, as soon as conveniently may be, a special Sessions, consisting of not less than three justices of the peace of such parish or precinct, and of which special sessions, and of the time and place of holding the same, due notice shall be given in the several county newspapers of this Island, and which special sessions, being so convened, shall carefully and attentively investigate, inquire into and examine the truth of such allegation; and if it shall appear to such special sessions that such person so detained as a runaway slave is free, such person shall be forthwith discharged; and in case it shall appear to such special sessions that such person is a slave, he or she shall be forthwith remanded to the workhouse or gaol whereto he or she had been sent:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the decision of such special sessions shall be without prejudice to the prosecution of the right or title of any. person to such runaway, or to the prosecution by such person detained as a runaway of his or her right or title to his or her freedom.

[No slave detained as aboce, to be sold until such investigation takes place.]

71. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no slave or slaves so detained as a runaway slave or slaves shall be sold by any gaoler, supervisor or workhouse-keeper, until such special sessions has been convened and

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 67

JAMAICA.

held, and such investigation, inquiry and examination had, and without the same being certified by the justices attending such special sessions under their hands and seals; and the sale of any runaway slave or slaves made without such certificate being obtained, shall be, and the same is hereby enacted and declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes, and no right, title or interest whatsoever shall pass thereunder to any purchaser whomsoever, any thing in this Act or in any Act of the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, made and passed in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing public workhouses in the several parishes in this Island," or any other act, law, usage, or custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[Public notice to be given by supervisors, &c. of replevins, &c. brought against them for slaves in the work-house.]

---

72. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act every supervisor, intendant, or keeper of any public workhouse in this Island who shall nave any action in replevin, " homine replegiando," or ejectment brought against him for any negro or other slave or slaves in his custody, shall, under a penalty for every offence, not less than five pounds nor exceeding fifty pounds, as shall be inflicted by the judges of His Majesty's supreme court of judicature, or courts of assize in this Island, immediately after he receives such replevin, "homine replegiando," or ejectment, give notice in the several county newspapers of such action, and at whose suit it is brought, and the name or names of such negro or other slave or slaves, together with his her or their mark or marks, and the best information he can get concerning the real owner of such, slave or slaves, and shall continue such notice for four weeks before the trial shall be had upon such replevin, "homine replegiando," or ejectment, or such slave or slaves be taken out of the custody of such supervisor, intendant or workhouse keeper; the costs of which, and all other expenses incurred, shall be paid- toauch supervisor, intendant, or workhouse keeper by the person who shall recover such slave or slaves : And if any person or persons shaft give notice to such Supervisor, intendant, or keeper of any workhouse, of his her or their in ten-tien to take the defense of any action so brought, such supervisor, intendant, or keeper of a workhouse, shall detain in his custody the slave or slaves for or by whom such action shall be brought, until the trial of such action or order of the court thereon, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, unless the security offered in cases of " homine replegiando," shall justify, before a judge of the grand court, or courts of assize, in such sum as such judge shall think proper, notice, of such justification, and the time and place thereof, and the judge before whom the same is to be taken, being given to the person intending to take the defence of such action,

73. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no runaway slave shall, on any account, be committed to gaol by any magistrate of a pariah where there is any workhouse established, but to such workhouse only.

74. And whereas several slaves have found means to desert from their owners and depart from this Island, to the great damage of such owners, in evil example to other slaves, who may be thereby induced to attempt, or conspire, to do the same: And whereas there is reason to suspect that such slaves have been aided and assisted in such escape and departure by other persons, and there is not any adequate punishment provided by law for such desertion or departure, or attempting or conspiring to desert and depart this Island, or for persons aiding, assisting or abetting such deserters; For remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act, if any slave shaft run away from his her or their employer or employers, owner or owners, and go off, or conspire or attempt to go off this Island, in any ship, boat, canoe or other vessel or craft whatever, or be aiding or abetting, or assisting to any other slave or slaves in such going off this Island, he she or they so running away and going off] or conspiring or attempting to go off, or so aiding, assisting or abetting in such going off, being thereof convicted shall suffer death, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper to direct.

75. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Indian, free negro or mulatto, shall from and after die commencement of this Act, knowingly be aiding, assisting or abetting any slave or slaves in going off this Island, and shall be convicted thereof, either in the supreme court, or in other (either of) the courts of assise of this Island, such Indian, free negro or mulatto, shaft forth* with be trsasppEfced off this Island by the provost marshal or his lawful deputy,

If any person give notice to supervisors, 4c. of an intention to defend such actions, supervisors must detain in custody the slaves in dispute, under penalty.

Runaways to be committed to work-houses only.

Slaves attempting to depart this island, or assisting others in such attempt, may be sentenced tp death.

Free people of colour assisting slaves in going oft are to be transported, and suffer death if they return.

68 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

JAMAICA.

If white people do so, they forfeit £. 300 for each, and may be imprisoned a year.

Accessorise may be proceeded against, though principals are not convicted.

If slaves, not authorised, travel with dogs, &c. or hunt with instruments of death, punishment may be awarded by two justices.

On complaint of felonies, burglaries. See. by slaves, justices to issue a warrant.

Slaves to be evidence against each other.

Justice to call in two other justices (who must attend, or each forfeit£.so), and they are to summon r. jury, from which particular persons ore exempted.

into who* custody such person or persons shall be committed; and if such parson or persons so convicted, sentenced, and transported, shall be afterwards found at large in this Island, he she or they, on proof of his her or their identity had — e the said supreme court or courts of assize as aforesaid, shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

76. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any white person or persons shall knowingly be aiding, assisting or abetting any slave or slaves in going off this Island, he she or they being convicted by bill, plaint or information, in the supreme court of judicature, or either of the courts of assize in this Island, shall forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds for each slave; one moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof, and the other moiety to the party or parties at whose suit or complaint such person was convicted; and shall also suffer imprisonment at the discretion of the said court, for any space of time not exceeding twelve months, without bail or mainprize.

77. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to proceed against the person or persons so aiding, assisting or abetting any slave or slaves in going off this Island, whether the principal or principals be convicted or not; any thing in this or in any other act, law, custom, or nsage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

78. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no negro or other slave shall be allowed to travel the public roads with dogs or cutlasses, or oth* offensive weapons, without a ticket from his owner; or to hunt any cattle, horsey mares, mules, or asses in any part of this Island, with lances, guns, cutlasses or other instruments of death, unless in the company of his or their master, own seer, or some other white person by him or them deputed, or by permission in writing; and if any negro or other slave shall offend, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, he she or they being convicted thereof before two justices, shall suffer such punishment as they shall think proper to inflict, not extending to life or transportation for life.

79. And whereas it is necessary to declare how and in what manner slaves shall be tried for the several crimes which they may hereafter commit: Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after this Act shall commence and be in force, upon complaint made to any justice of the peace of any murder, felony, burglary, robbery, burning or destroying of houses, out-houses, negro-houses or Cain grass, or corn-pieces, or breaking into such houses, out-houses or negro-houses, in the daytime, no person being therein, and stealing thereout; rebellious conspiracies, compassing or imagining the death of any white person or persons, or any other offence whatsoever committed by any slave or slaves, that shall subject such slave or slaves to suffer death, transportation or confinement to hard labour, such justice shall issue out his warrant for apprehending such offender or offenders, and for all persons that can give evidence, to be brought before him or any other justice of the peace, and the evidence of slaves against one another in this and all other cases shall be received •, and if upon examination it appears probable that the slave or slaves apprehended is or are guilty, the justice before whom such examination shall be bad and taken shall commit him her or them to prison, and bind over the witnesses to appear at a certain day, not less than ten days from the day on which the complaint shall be made, and at the place where the quarter sessions are usually held; and where there are no quarter sessions held, at the place where the parochial business is usually transacted (except in the precinct of Saint Thomas in the East and Saint David, where such trial shall take place at the place where the quarter sessions are usually held,) and shall certify to two other justices of the peace of the cause of such commitment, and require them, by virtue of this Act, to associate themselves to him, which the said justices are hereby severally required to do, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every neglect or refusal; and the said justices so associated shall issue out their warrant, directed to the deputy marshal of such pariah or precinct, to summon twenty-four persons, such as are usually warned and empannelled to serve on juries (the master, owner or proprietor of the slave or slaves so complained of, or the attorney, guardian, trustee, overseer, or book-keeper of such master, owner or proprietor, or the person prosecuting, his or her attorney, guardian, trustee, or overseer or book-keeper always excepted,) personally to be and appear before the said justices, or any three or more justices of the peace of the said

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 69

JAMAICA.

parish associated- for the same purpose, at the day and place aforesaid, to be expressed m* such warrant, and between the hours of eight and twelve of the clock in the

forendop, wheat and Where the said persons so Warned by the deputy marshal as afore* j "ro" f rfeU£nd" said.are hereby severally required to attend, under the penalty of five pounds on lng’ 0 orelt *5' each defaulter, and when and where the said justices shall cause the said slave or slaves so complained of to be brought before them, and thereupon twelve of the Twelve persons to raid persons §0 summoned as aforesaid shall compose a jury to try the said slave or comP0*e a jurJ-slaves, and shall by the said justices (the charge or accusation being first read,), be sworn to try the matter before them, and to give a true verdict according to evidence; and such charge or accusation shall be deemed valid, if sufficient in sub^ If slaves convicted, stance; and if the Said jurors shall, upon hearing the evidence, unanimously fjodj justices finay give the said slave or slaves guilty of the offence wherewith he she or they stand charged, ’

+the said justices shall give sentence of death without benefit of clergy, or transportation, or confinement to hard labour for life or a limited time, according to the nature of the offence, and shall cause such sentence to be carried into execution at such time and place as they shall think proper, women with child only excepted, whose execution shall be respited until a reasonable time after delivery: Provided always,

that nothing m this Act contained shall hinder or prevent the said justices, upon «wp"«is-any such trial where any slave or slaves shall be condemned to die; from respiting the exfecttticm of such sentence for any term not exceeding thirty days, or until the see^caowv pleasure of the Governor, or the person executing the functions of Governor, shall be known, in case proper cause shall appear to them for so doing; and that if the and mutt do it on Jury upon any such tnal shall apply to the said justices to suspend the1 execution awppli«*ti^the efany sentence until the pleasure of the Governor, or person executing the funetious^1* :--'1 iJ flf GjOVernor, is known, the said persons shall be obliged to suspend the same for 1I. i thirty days, and to report the particulars of the trial to the Governor, or the'person; ’

eseesutmgthe functions of Governor, forthwith, under the penalty of fifty pounds one »)

each justice who sat on, such trial, except in cases of trial of any slave or, slaves, con-, except imsasaf «f. noted of actual rebellion, oar for rebellious conspiracy, in all which eases the smdjustdcesf o*"

mU,ifthay think it expedient, order die sentence passed on such slave or shrres-to be? mediateexecuUom.* carped into immediate execution: And it is hereby declared, That at every court of*

Suarter sessions held in each and every parish or precinct within this Island, the justices: a^re. assembled shall and may* After the usual business of the said court shall be When business of done, form themselves into a court for the purpose of inquiring into, hearing and ^"^er unices8 to det^nnjning all manner of offences for which any slave or slaves are liable to be form ’themselves punished, with death, or transportation, or confinement to hard labour as aforesaid, into a slave court, / and shall open the said court by proclamation, declaring the same to be a slave court for such purpose, and shall thereupon, on the like charge in writing, and in like manner in all other respects as the three justices associated and met as hereinbefore mentioned, are by this Act directed to proceed in the trial of slaves for such., bffences, proceed to try, and deliver the gaol or workhouse within the said parish or precinct, of all and every slave or slaves who shall or may then be in the custody of the marshal or keeper of the workhouse, within each and every parish or precinct, for the purpose «f pnd shall further Call a jury, consisting of twelve jurors, to be called and taken from a8®1 "*w3ri the pannel returned to the said court of quarter sessions, and shall cause them to be severally sworn, as they shall appear, to try all.and every such slave or slaves as

tfuOl be; brought before them, charged with any such offences as aforesaid, and a true verdict give, according to evidence, as in other cases; Provided always, That Not lew than three no less than three justices mall constitute a court for the trial of any slave or slaves |a*tic,‘to c®n,ti-for any crime or offence that shall subject such slave or slaves to suffer death, trans- ofdaves" in certain portation, or confinement to hard labour for life as aforesaid: Provided always, That cases, jf any slave or slaves shall have been detained in custody, under commitment, for Slaves detained un-six calendar months, and no indictment shall have been preferred against him her der commitment for or them, dr person appearing to prosecute the complaint during that time, it shall an‘lno

be the duty of the said justices so associated for the purpose of holding such slave * in*t *the«£ court, to discharge such slave or slaves by proclamation, at the expiration of such to Uduthargedby six calendar months from the time of the commitment of such slave or slaves: And proclamation-provided' always. That in any case, upon an indictment against any slave or slaves Where slaves rfte for murder, where malice prepense shall not be proved to the satisfaction of the nMir-

jrorors, such jurors shall he, and they are hereby declared to be, at liberty to return

a verdict of manslaughter, if they shall think the nature of the case shall require it; par, verdict ;of and the person or persons so found guilty of manslaughter shall-suffer "such punish* manslaughter may meat as the court BbaU think fit to inflict, not extending to life or transportation b* returDed. for life,

70 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

Jurors summoned for quarter sessions, must serve in slave courts, under penalty of £. 5.

JAMAICA.

80. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the jurors who have been returned to serve as jurors at the quarter sessions to be holden as aforesaid, are hereby required, under the penalty of five pounds, to be and appear at the said slave court so to be formed and holden as aforesaid, and to serve as jurors thereon as they shall respectively be called j and that upon all trials of slaves under this Act, no peremptory challenges of any of the said jurors, or any exception to the form of the indictment, shall be allowed.

Penalty of £. 10 on 81. And be it further enacted, That all witnesses of free condition, legally pe-na wanted to warned, and who do not attend to give evidence at any trial under this Act, or show ned^ting to dow ky affidavit a sufficient cause for his or her absence, shall be liable to a fine of ten 8 8 ' pounds.

Jurors, witnesses,

&c. under this Act, protected in their persons.

and slaves from being levied on.

Records to be kept by clerk of the peace.

who must attend trials, and record proceedings in thirty days under penalty of £20. Deputy marshal must warn jurors, and attend at such trials^ander penalty of £. 50.

82. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all jurors serving at slave courts, and every person or persons whose presence may be requisite at the examination of any slave or slaves, and who shall be required by warrant or summons under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace, anjl all and every slave or slaves who shall be brought as witnesses, shall be protected in their persons from all mesne or judicial process whatsoever in their going to, attending at, and returning from such examinations or trial, and that such slaves shall not be subject to be levied on.

83. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a record shall be entered up of all proceedings on the trials of slaves for auy crime that shall subject any slave or slaves to suffer death, transportation, or confinement to hard labour, in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the peace, or his lawful deputy, of the parish or precinct: who is hereby obliged to attend all such trials, and to record the proceedings within thirty days after such trial, under the penalty of twenty sounds for each neglect; and he shall be entitled to receive from the churchwardens of such parish the sum of five pounds, and no more, for attending each trial, entering up the record, and all other business incidental thereto: and further, that the deputy marshal for the said parish, or some proper person acting under him, shall, under the penalty of fifty pounds, warn the jurors, and attend the trials of all slaves, and also attend at the execution of such offenders as shall be condemned to die; and that he shall be entitled to receive from the churchwardens of the end parish, for warning jurors and attending the trials of slaves at all special slave courts, the sum of five pounds for each court, to be held under this Act, and the further sum of five pounds for attending the execution of each offender as shall be condemned to die.

Punishment on

84. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any slave ISrJSJ^ or slaves shall, with evil intent, give false evidence in any trial had under this Act, such slave or slaves, being thereof convicted, shall suffer the same punishment as the person or persons on whose trial such false evidence was given, would, if convicted, have been liable to suffer.

If slaves against

85. And be it further enacted[by the authority aforesaid, That in future whenever

whom warranto are a warrant shall be granted by one or more of His Majesty's justices of the peace ceded by* owners against' anY slave, if the said slave cannot be immediately taken on the said warrant, &c. they forfeit ’ the owner, possessor, attorney, guardian, or overseer of such slave shall be served £.100. with a copy of the said warrant, and if he she or they do not carry the said slave

before a magistrate, to be dealt with according to law on the said warrant, and if it should be afterwards proved that the owner, possessor, attorney, guardian, or overseer of such slave wilfully detained or concealed the said slave, he she or they shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Six days notice of

86. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all trials of owners *0?10 s^ave or 8^aves under this Act, six days notice of such trial shall be first given to slave™’ C ° the owner, proprietor, or possessor of such slave or slaves, his her or their lawful attorney or attornies, or other representative or representatives, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

How such notices 87. And whereas it may sometimes happen that the owner, proprietor, or pos-where owuers^re- seM01r a 8^ave may reside in a different parish or precinct from that wherein such side in a different 8^ave may have committed the offence, for which he or she is to be tried: BE it parish to that in therefore enacted, That in such cases the clerk of the peace of the parish or precinct which their slaves wherein the offence is to be tried, shall transmit the notice of such trial to the ted^offences° and l" °^er^ pe»ce of the parish or precinct wherein the owner, proprietor, or

are to be tn’eT possessor

---

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 71

JAMAICA.

possessor as aforesaid may reside, who shall forthwith thereupon, under the penalty of twenty pounds, deliver such notice, and a copy thereof to one of the lawful constables of the said parish, to be by him, under the penalty of ten pounds, served on such owner, proprietor, or possessor; and the said constable is hereby required to make an affidavit of the manner in which he may have served the said notice, to be sworn to before any justice of the peace, and shall return such notice, so sworn to, to the clerk of the peace from whom he received the same, to be by him transmitted to the clerk of the peace of the parish or precinct where the offence is to be tried, in due time; for which duty the clerk of the peace of the parish where the warrant shall be served, shall be paid the sum of one pound six shillings and *right-pence, and the constable the sum of one pound six shillings and eight-pence, by the acting churchwarden of the said parish.

[Executions must be public and solemn.]

88. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the punishment of death is inflicted, the execution shall be performed in a public part of the parish, and with due solemnity $ and care shall be taken by the jaoler or deputy marshal that the criminal is free from intoxication at the time of his trial, and from thence to and at the time of his execution, under the penalty of twenty pounds; and the mode of such execution shall be hanging by the neck and no other, and the body shall be afterwards disposed of as the court shall direct.

[Slaves sentenced to be executed or transported, to be valued by the court.]

89. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be put upon his her or their trial, and receive sentence of death, or transportation, or commitment to hard labour for life, the court at the time of trying such slave or slaves shall also inquire of the jury, upon their oaths, what sum or sums of money the owner, proprietor, or possessor of the said slave or slaves ought to receive for such slave or slave, and certify the same, so that such sum or sums of money do not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds for each slave so sentenced as aforesaid; and if the conviction be for running away, the value to be set by the jury shall not exceed fifty pounds.

[Provost marshal must extorts orders of slave-courts as soon as possible, under penalty of £200.]

90. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be brought to trial, and sentenced to death or transportation, and valued according to the directions of this Act, the provost marshal or his lawful deputy shall, under the penalty of two hundred pounds, carry such sentence into execution, as soon after the passing thereof as an opportunity shall offer; and in case of sentence to transportation, shall forthwith sell such slave or slaves for transportation to the best advantage in his power; and shall under the penalty of two hundred pounds, within the space of one month from the time of such sale, render to the owner, proprietor, or possessor of such slave, or other person legally entitled to receive the same, a just and true account, upon oath, of the sale or sales of such slave or slaves, and of the legal charges attending the same, and pay over to such owner, proprietor, or possessor, or other person legally entitled to receive the same, the proceeds of such sale or sales, after deducting all legal charges as aforesaid; and if it shall happen that the charges due to the provost marshal, or his legal deputy, for confinement and subsistence of said slave or slaves, shall amount to or exceed the amount of the sales, the same shall be sworn to by the said provost marshal, or his lawful deputy, on the back of the certificate of valuation, m which case the receiver general shall pay the whole amount of such valuation.

[Valuation of slaves sentenced to death, &c. under this Act, to be paid by receiver general.]

91. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be sentenced to death, or confinement to hard labour for life, and be valued according to this Act, such slave or slaves shall be paid for by the receiver general of this Island, out of any monies in his hands, upon production of a legal certificate of such sentence and valuation, but not otherwise; and in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be sentenced to transportation, and valued in manner aforesaid, the receiver general shall, in like manner, upon production of a like certificate, together with the account upon oath, hereinbefore directed to be made by the provost marshal or his lawful deputy, but not otherwise, pay the amount of the valuation of such slave or slaves, after deducting the amount of such account.

[Purchases of slaves sentenced tp transportation, to give bond in £500 penalty, to transport them in thirty days.]

92. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave who, under the authority and by virtue of this Act, shall be sold for transportation by the provost marshal or his lawful deputy, shall, notwithstanding such sale, remain in the custody of the said provost marshal or his said deputy, until the purchaser of

72 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

JAMAICA.

such slave shall have entered into bond, with sufficient security, to our Sovereign Lord the King, under the penalty of five hundred pounds for every such slave so purchased, that every such slave shall be transported off this Island, within thirty days after the date of such bond, and shall in the mean time be kept in close confinement on board the ship or vessel in which such slave is intended to be transported:

[Bond to be lodged in clerk of peace's office.]

which bond shall be taken by the said provost marshal, or his lawful deputy as aforesaid (for which the provost marshal, or his said deputy, shall receive from the party entering into the same all expenses incidental thereto), and be filed among the records in the office of the clerk of the peace of the parish or precinct where such slave was tried.

[Purchasers to make oath that slaves shall be transported, and that they shall not be re-landed.]

93. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such purchaser of any slave, so directed to be sold for transportation as aforesaid, shall at time of executing such bond as aforesaid, also make oath, in writing on some part of the said bond, before the provost marshal, or his lawful deputy as aforesaid (either of whom is hereby authorized and required to administer the same), that every such slave so purchased by him shall be transported to _____ (death or danger of the sea a excepted), and that the said slave so purchased shall not, with his knowledge, privity or consent, be re-landed in this Island.

---

No slave to be de-

94. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the provost marshal, or any of his deputies, shall not, under the penalty of three hundred undo, under pe- pounds for each offence, deliver over to any purchaser or purchasers any slave, sp nalty. sold for transportation as aforesaid, until such bond is entered into and oath taken

as aforesaid; and in case any such slave, so sold for transportation as aforesaid, shall be found within this Island after the expiration of the thirty days before limited for his or her transportation, such slave shall become forfeited to the crown, and be re-sold for transportation by the provost marshal or his lawful deputy, in the same manner, and under the like penalties, as are hereinbefore enacted; and the net proceeds of such re-sale shall be paid over to the receiver general, for the use of the public.

Such slaves going

95. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave sold at large may be for transportation under and by virtue of this Act, who shall be found at large person,6 and oifdue within this Island, at any time after such sale as is hereinbefore directed, may and prof, shall be lawfully apprehended by any person whomsoever, and immediately taken

up before any of His Majesty's justices of the peace; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, that such slave has been formerly sold for transportation by virtue of this Act, such justice shall, by warrant under his hand and seal, direct such slave to be delivered to the provost marshal or his lawful deputy, to be re-fold for transportation only; and the monies arising from such sale, after deducting a commission of five pounds per centum, £nd ml necessary expenses^ shall be paid over, one moiety thereof to the person apprehending such slave, and the other moiety to the receiver general for the time being, for the support of the government of this Island.

If slams retom

96. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ne^ro or from transportation other slave, who shall have been transported from this Island under the direction of (Ua&r* 10 BU *r *bis Act, or of any other Act heretofore in force respecting slaves, for murder, rebellion, or being engaged in a rebellious conspiracy, or obeah, or arson, shall wilfully return from transportation, such negro or other slave shall, upon conviction, suffer . , , death without benefit of cletgy.

Masters of vessels 97. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the master of wilfully bringing any ship or vessel shall knowingly and wilfully bring back to this Island any negro sUvm"^1forfeft or ot^er 8^ave» who ^ave been transported from this Island under and by virtue £*300 for each*and <>f this Act, or any other Act heretofore in force respecting slaves, such master,- be-suffer imprisonment ing convicted thereof by bill, plaint or information, in the supreme court of iudica-at the discretion of t^ie, or either of the courts of assize of this Island, shall forfeit the sum of three the court. hundred pounds for each Slave so brought back; one moiety whereof shall be to our

Sovereign Lord the King, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof, and the other moiety to the party or parties at whose suit, or complaint such person was convicted, and shall also suffer imprisonment, at the discretion of the court, for any space of time not less than three, nor exceeding twelve months, without bail or mainprize.

JAMAICA.

Slaves sentenced to confinement in workhouse for two years, escaping, may be ordered fifty lashes and recommitted; and those sentenced for life, escaping, may be transported.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 73

98. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave, who may be sentenced to be confined in the workhouse for the term of two years, or a less time, shall escape from such confinement before the expiration of his sentence, such negro or other slave being retaken, shall, on proof of his or her identity before two justices of the peace, be adjudged by them to be sent back to confinement, to complete the term for which he or she was sentenced to confinement, and to receive a whipping, not exceeding fifty lashes.

99. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave, who may be sentenced to be confined to hard labour for life in any work-house, shall escape therefrom, every such negro or other slave being retaken, shall, on proof of his or ner identity before two magistrates, be adjudged by them, either to be recommitted to his or her former punishment, or be transported off this Island for life.

100. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the provost if marshal, con-

marshal, or any of his lawful deputies, or any lawful constable or workhouse-keeper, stable, *c. suffer shall willingly or negligently suffer any slave or slaves to escape, who shall be committed the™forfeit if*o to his or their custody, for any offence under this Act, such marshal, constable, or sued’

workhouse keeper who shall suffer such escape, shall, on conviction thereof before two for value, magistrates, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner,

by warrant under the hands and seals of the said two magistrates, for the use of the parish, and without injury to the rights of the owner, to sue for the value of the same.

Fees of slaves discharged by proclamation, to be paid by the public, proof being given that they were properly maintained.

101. And be it further enacted, That when any slave or slaves shall be discharged by proclamation, the deputy marshal or workhouse keeper shall be entitled to receive all such fees as shall be due to him or them for such slave or slaves at the time of such discharge, from the public, upon application and due proof made in the most solemn manner to the Assembly, or any committee thereof, that such slave or slaves, during the time they were in the custody of such deputy marshal or workhouse keeper, was or were found and provided with proper and sufficient provisions and necessary clothing, agreeably to this law.

102. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no gaol-keeper Gaol-keepers not in this Island, or any person acting under him as clerk or deputy, shall on any pre- work slaves tence whatsoever, work or employ any slave or slaves sent to his custody upon any plantation, pen or settlement, belonging to or in the possession of any such gaol-keeper, nor hire or lend such slave or slaves out to work for any other person or persons, during the time such slave or slaves shall be in custody; but that all such slaves shall be and remain in the common gaol of the county, parish, or precinct, in order to be inspected by any person or persons desiring the same; and in case any gaol-keeper shall offend herein, he shall for every offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds*

sent to them for confinement, under penalty of £. 50.

103. And whereas there are many inferior crimes and misdemeanours committed by slaves, which ought to be punished in a summary manner before two magistrates;

Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all misdemeanours and in- Two justices may ferior crimes committed by any slave or slaves not hereinbefore mentioned and di- inquire into inferior rected in what manner they are to be tried, shall be tried in a summary manner before tic™m’owners8 two or morejustice8 of the peace of the parish or precinct where the offence shall be com- of slaves, and order mitted, reasonable notice of the time and place of such trial being given to the owner, punishment, proprietor, or possessor of such slave or slaves, or his her or their attorney or attor-nies, or the person or persons having the care of such slave or slaves; and the said justices of the peace shall, on conviction of such slave or slaves, order and direct such punishment to be inflicted as they shall think proper, not exceeding fifty lashes, or six months imprisonment to hard labour.

104. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace for attending such Clerk* of peace to

summary trial, and making out the order of the magistrates thereat, which he is attend •!lch 8U"*-hereby bound to do under the penalty of fifty pounds, shall be entitled to receive £. 50, for

from the churchwardens of the parish, the sum of one pound six shillings and eight which they are to pence; and the constable for attending at the trial, and at the execution of the order be paid£. 1. erf. of the magistrates thereon, shall receive the sum of ten shillings, except in the city Fee to constable*, of Kingston, where the fees to the clerk of the peace shall be thirteen shillings and

four-pence, and to the constable five shillings, in consequence of the great number of such trials in that city.

V JAMAICA.

Justices tg gpfor^e this Act, yeti ' during ostial law, a? ft other times.

Recovery and application of penal-tie# not before disposed of.

74 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

105. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for the justices aforesaid, and they are hereby required, to do theqr several apu Respective dimes under this Act, when martial law shall happen to be in forte, a§ they might 9r ought to have dpne if martial law were not subsisting; any law, cptqtu, or Hfagp to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

106. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties in this Act mentioned, and not already declared how they shall be recovered and applied, shall, if not exceeding fifty pounds, be recovered in a summary manner before any two of His Majesty's justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, and if amounting to or exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered in the supreme court of judicature, or in either of the courts of assize, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or Non vult ulterius prosequi, shall be entered; one moiety of which penalties shall be paid to the churchwardens, for the use of the parish where the offence shall he committed, and the Other moiety to the informer, or him her or them who shall sue for the same:

[Proceedings to be commenced within twelve months.]

Provided always, That all proceedings for the recovery of penalties under this Act, shall be instituted within twelve months after the offence be committed.

[Offences committed under former Act may be heard, tried, &c. as if it were still in force.]

107. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes committed by slaves during the time the Act intituled, "An Act for the protection, subsisting, clothing, and for the better order and government of slaves, and for other purposes," passed in the year one thousand eight hundred and nine, was in force, shall be heard, tried, and determined, and such slave punished, in the manner directed by the said Act, and as if the same were now in full force, and for which purpose only foe said recited Act shall be considered as still in force.

---

[Commencement of this Act.]

108. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence, continue, and be in force, from the thirty-first day of December, in the present year.

MONTSERRAT.

MONTSERRAT.

An ACT for establishing a Registry of Slaves in the Island of Montserrat.

---

WHEREAS a periodical registration of the slave population, in a precise and definite form, may tepa more effectually to prevent the illicit introduction of slaves, and bar all possibility of encroachment on the rights of freedom; may it therefore please Your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and Be it, and it is hereby enacted by Your Majesty's Governor in Chief in and over your Islands of Antigua, Montserrat, and Barbuda, and Your Majesty's Council and Assembly of this your Island of Montserrat, That from and after the publication of this Act, there shall be established and kept in the town of Plymouth, in the said Island, an office of public registry for the registration of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes or other persons, who now are* or shall or may he at any time hereafter, held in a State of slavery within the said Island) and who shall he respectively returned for registration, as hereinafter directed and required; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his heirs and successors, or for the Governor or Cum. mender in Chief of the Islands of Antigua, Montserrat, and Barbuda, for the tune befog, by letters patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or- of the said Government, to appoint from time to time, and at qh times hereafter, a fit and proper person to discharge the duties annexed to. the said office; and that any and every such, registrar so appointed, shall reside within the said Island, and not be at liberty to depart from thence (under pain of forfeiting his said office) without having previously obtained a licence or permission for that purpose in writing from the said Governor or Commander in chief for the time being.

3. And be it further enacted, That on or before the first day of January now next ensuing, every person who shall he then resident in the said Island, and who shall bp in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, (either as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, acting attorney, executor or guardian, or in any other right, capacity or character whatsoever,) shall make

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE . 75

and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the registrar or hie lawful deputy, at his office in the said Island, such a list or particular in writing, subscribed by him or her, as hereinafter mentioned and defined; (that is to say,) a list or particular, entitled, " An original Return of Slaves/1 which shall be divided into five perpendicular columns of convenient breadth; and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name and description of the person making the return, and the name and description of the person or persons on whose behalf the return is made, and the right, capacity or character in which he or she holds possession of, or claims title to, the slave or slaves returned, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, acting attorney, executor or guardian, or otherwise, in the second of the said columns shall be inserted the name of each slave, and the name by which each slave shall first be returned and registered shall continue for ever after to be the name of such slave; in the third of the said columns shall be inserted the sex of each slave; in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted,

" black" or " coloured," including under the term " coloured" all who are not black j and in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted the reputed age of each slave; and at the end of such list or particular shall be set down, in words at length, the total number of the slaves returned: and for the better preserving a becoming uniformity in the said lists or particulars hereby required to be made, an appropriate form or example thereof is comprised in a Schedule to this Act annexed, marked with the letter (A.) and which all persons are enjoined as closely as possible to imitate.

3. And be it further enacted, That every such original return shall be verified or supported by an affidavit (or, if the party making the same be a quaker, by an affirmation,) thereunto annexed, sworn (or affirmed; before one of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the said Island, and to the purport and effect following:

"I, A.B. [naming the deponent or affirmant} do Swear [or, solemnly affirm, J " That the Return now by me delivered to be registered, contains, to the best " of my knowledge and belief, a true, faithful and accurate account and description of all the slaves belonging to me, [or, in the lawful possession of " the owner or claimant therein named and being within this Island,] save " and except as to such slaves as may have absconded, as hereinafter mentioned, whose names shall be here set forth; and I do further swear,

" [or, solemnly affirm,] that no one of the said slaves has been to my knowledge imported into this Island contrary to the existing laws for abolishing * the slave trade.

"So help me GOD."

4. And be it further enacted, That after the said original returns shall hare been duly made and delivered to the registrar as aforesaid, he shall proceed with all convenient dispatch to cause the same to be literally transcribed and recorded, in a fair and legible hand, in a book, or set of books, strongly and durably bound, to be provided and kept exclusively for that purpose at the public expense.

5. And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall, on any account or pretence whatsoever, be made in any of the said books of registry; but if any clerical or other error shall be committed in inserting any name, description or other particular therein, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words so improperly inserted, without effacing the same, and the correction thereof, by introducing or substituting any other word or words, or otherwise, as die ease may be, shall be either interlined or noted in the margin, (and afwaye when practicable in the same band in which the return so corrected shaft have been huroned) and the registrar shall either under such word or words so noted m the margin, or under a work of reference there made to any such mtedKnottkion, subscribe hie name at length; hot; after the registry of original return of skrea shall have been completed and certified upon oath, as hereinafter prescribed, bo interim eafcion, alteration or correction, shall on any account he made, or permitted to be made therein.

6. And be it further enacted, That all persons shall, at aft times in the regular office hours, that is to say, between the hours, of ten and two of the clock in the forenoon, upon tender of the fees hereinafter mentioned, have free access to and full liberty to inspect all and every or any of the said register books, and be entitled to call for and receive an office copy or copies of their respective returns and certificates of the non-registration of slaves,

7. And be it farther enacted, That when and se seen the original returns

76 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

MONTSERRAT.

+delivered to the registrar agreeably to die provisions of this Act, shall have been respectively entered and enrolled as aforesaid, the registrar shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Governor, or Commander in chief, or President for the time being, who shall thereupon publicly notify to the inhabitants, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is ready to be verified before him, and that the same is and will continue open at the proper office, for the space of twenty days, for the inspection of all persons who may be interested therein.

8. And be it further enacted, That if at any time within the term prescribed by the said notification, any owner or possessor of slaves shall make it appear to the said Governor, or Commander in chief, or President for the time being, that the non-delivery of his or her return to the registrar within the allotted penod, or any error or omission therein has arisen from accident, insurmountable impediment, or any other sufficient cause, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor, Commander in chief, or President for the time being, to make an order in writing, by him subscribed and addressed to the registrar, commanding him to receive and enrol any such return or rectified return, as if the same had been made and delivered to him in proper time; which order the registrar is hereby enjoined to obey.

9. And be it further enacted, That the registrar shall, at the end or expiration of the said last-mentioned term of twenty days, proceed finally to close and authenticate the said original registry, which shall thenceforth be entitled, " The Original Registry of Slaves of we Island of Montserrat," in manner following; to wit, the registrar shall subscribe his name, and affix his seal of office immediately under the last entry of the book, or last of the set of books in which the said returns shall have been enrolled, and subjoin an affidavit to the following effect:

" Before A.B. [ inserting th name and title of the , or Commander

* in chief or President for the time being,] personally appeared C. D.

" f naming himself] the registrar of slaves in and for the said Island of " Montserrat, and made oath, that he has carefully and minutely ex amined and compared all the foregoing entries in this book, [or, set of " books,] with all the different returns of Slaves delivered to him, or to * his knowledge and belief, to any deputy, clerk or assistant by him ap pointed or employed, and that the preceding original registry of slaves of " the Island of Montserrat is in all respects truly, correctly and faithfully " made,"

Which said affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said Governor, or Commander in chief, or President for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto a certificate under his hand and seal, to the following effect:

"I, A.B. {inserting his name and title of office,] do hereby certify, That " the above affidavit was this day sworn before me. Witness my hand and " seal, this day of in the year of our Lord one

" thousand eight hundred and

" (l-s.)

10. And be it further enacted, That at the end or expiration of the period of three years, to commence and be computed from the time of closing and authenticating such original registry as aforesaid, and at the end or expiration of every succeeding period of three years, thenceforward every person resident on the said Island who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, either as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney, executor or guardian, or in any other right or capacity whatsoever, shall make and deliver, or cause to be delivered to the registrar at his office in the said Island, such a list or particular in writing, subscribed by him or her, as is hereinafter mentioned and defined; that is to say, a list or particular entitled, " A Triennial Return of Slaves," which shall be divided into eight perpendicular columns of convenient breadth, and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name and description of the person making the return, and the name and description of the person or persons on whose behalf the return is made, and the right, capacity or character in which he or she holds possession of, or chums title to the slave or slaves returned, (namely,) whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, acting attorney, executor or guardian, or Otherwise; in the second of the said columns shall be inserted the name of each

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 77

MONTSERRAT.

slave; m the Sfcird of the said columns shall be inserted the sex of each slave in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted a specification of the colour. of v — < — each slave, in the same manner as hereinbefore directed j and in case of acquisition of any slave or slaves by other legal means, except by births or the recovery of fugitive slaves, the name of the person from whom such slave may have been • acquired, whether by purchase, lease, devise or inheritance, or any other legal means, shall also be inserted; in the fifth of the said columns shall be inserted, the reputed age of each slave; in the sixth of the said columns shall be inserted, the number of the slaves, named and described by the owner or possessor in his or her last return; in the seventh of the said columns shall be inserted a particular detail of any additions which may have been made to the number of slaves who belonged to or were in the possession of the person making the return, at the last preceding period of registration, whether the same shall nave happened by, or have been owing to birth, purchase, the apprehension or voluntary return of fugitives, or any other lawful acquisition or means of increase; and the name or names of the slaves so bom, purchased, apprehended, or voluntarily returned to service, or otherwise lawfully acquired, shall he also set forth at length in such column; and in the eighth of the said columns shall be inserted a particular detail of any deductions which may have been made from the number of slaves who belonged to or were in possession of the person making the return at the last preceding period of registration, whether the same shall have happened by, or have been' owing to death, sale or other transfer of property, permanent desertion, manumission, or other cause of decrease; and the name or names of the slave or slaves so dead, sold, or otherwise transferred, permanently deserted, manumitted or otherwise defalcated, shall also be set forth at length in such column, and at the end of such list or particular shall be set down in words at length the total number of the slaves therein returned, and of the added or deducted slaves therein described; and for the better preserving a becoming uniformity in the said lists or particulars, an appropriate form or example thereof is comprised in a Schedule to this Act annexed, marked with the letter (B.) and which all persons are enjoined as closely as possible to imitate.

11. And be it further enacted, That every such triennial return shall be verified er supported by an affidavit (or, if the party making the same be a Quaker, by an affirmation,) thereunto annexed, sworn (or affirmed) before one of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the said Island, and to the purport and effect following:

" I, A, B. [naming the deponent or affirmant] do Swear [or, solemnly Affirm,]

" That the Return now by me delivered to be registered, contains, to the best " of my knowledge and belief, a true, faithful, and accurate account and " description of all the slaves belonging to, [or, in the lawful possession of * the owner or claimant therein named,] and being within this Island [sate " and except as to such slaves as may have , as hereinafter men-

" Honed, whose names shall be here set forth,} as also a true, faithful and " accurate detail of such additions to, or deductions from the stock of slaves " possessed by me at the time of making my last preceding return, as have " since happened, together with the particular cause or causes of such addi tions or deductions. And I do further Swear, [or, solemnly Affirm,] That " no one of the said slaves has been, to my knowledge, imported into this " Island contrary to the existing laws for abolishing the slave trade.

"So help me GOD."

12. And be it further enacted, That the said triennial returns shall be registered in the same manner and form, and under the same rules, regulations, provisoes and restrictions, in every respect and particular as are hereinbefore prescribed, provided and reserved, for or touching the registration of the original returns hereinbefore : directed to be made; and the registers thereof shall be made up, closed and authenticated in the same manner and form, and within the same space of time hereinbefore prescribed for making up, closing and authenticating the original registry.

13. And be it further enacted, That the registrar shall, once in three years, duly, regularly and punctually, transmit or cause to be transmitted to the office of His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England, a book, or set of books, similar to that or those in which the original returns shall be kept, containing a true and faithful duplicate or transcript of any and every such registry, verified before and certified by the Governor, or Commander in chief or President for the time being, under Ins hand and the seal of his government.

78 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

MONTSERRAT.

14. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall neglect or omit to make and deliver a schedule or return of slaves in his or her possession* pursuant to the

directions and requisitions of the Act, within the period allotted for enrolment in the original or any triennial registry, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave so neglected or omitted to be returned, the sum of two hundred pounds of current gold and silver money of the said Island, to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned; the one moiety of such penalty to be to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall sue for the same; and in case the party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves so neglected or omitted to be returned for registration as aforesaid, in the capacity or dimeter of mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, acting attorney, executor or guardian, or other representative of any person or persons, he or she shall not only forfeit for every slave so neglected or omitted to be returned, the said sum of two hundred pounds of money aforesaid, to be recovered and accrue in manner above stated, but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons who shall or may sustain any damage or injury by any such neglect or omission, and who shall, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, be entitled to recover against the party so offending, treble costs of suit: Provided always, That no person shall be liable to any penalty as aforesaid, for or in respect of any slave or slaves who may have absconded or have been out of his or her control at the time of making aueh original or subsequent returns as aforesaid, so that such person do and shall specify the name or names of such slave or slaves in the affidavit hereinbefore required to be annexed to the respective . v schedules or returns.

15. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the Governor, or Commander in chief, or President for the time being, that any slave or slaves has or have been omitted to be returned for registration in the original registry, or any triennial registry hereinbefore directed to be made, without any actual neglect or wilful default of the owner or possessor, or owners or possessors thereof; or that any slave or slaves, although duly returned for registration, has or have been omitted from the registry through the negligence, inadvertency or oversight of the registrar, his clerks or assistants, then and in either of such cases or events it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor or Commander in chief, or President for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit any penalty or penalties which may have been so incurred by reason of any such omission or default.

16. And be it further enacted, That every slave who shall not be duly registered according to the requisitions and provirions of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for non-registration by any of His Majesty's subjects, and shall be condemned as forfeited to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, unless the person claiming title thereto shall establish, by positive or stroRg presumptive proof, that such slave has not been imported into the said Island contrary to the laws in force for the abolition of the slave trade; and His Majesty's attorney or solicitor general, or law officer of the Crown of the said Island, shall, at the instance of any and every person who shall produce a certificate from the registrar of the non-registration of any slave, make and file an information against the same in His Majesty's court of king’s bench and common pleas of the said Island; and every person so prosecuting for non-registration shall be entitled to full costs of suit against the owner or possessor, even though the same shall not have been confiscated as aforesaid.

17. And be it further enacted, That if any registrar of slaves shall, in the exercise of his office, willingly refuse to receive for registration any return which he ought to receive, or to make any entry winch he ought to make, or to do any other act which he ought to do, according to the directions herein contained, he shall be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every persons and person wh& shall sustain any injury or damage by any suoa refusal; and if any such registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in his office, or either of them, or in any of the said duplicates, transcripts, or abstracts herein directed to be made out, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate, or alter any return or entry winch shall have been duly made and recorded in the said books of registry, or either of them, he shall, upon conviction of any such offence, be liable to such pains and penalties as are by the laws of Great Britain inflicted upon persons convicted of. forging, or fraudulently altering public

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 79

MONTSERRAT.

judicial records, and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every persons and person who shall sustain any injury or damage by any such Vi

+offence, who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against such registrar treble costs of suit; and if any assistant or clerk of any such registrar, or if any other person whosoever in the said Island, shall commit or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof, be liable to such pains and penalties as are by the laws of Great Britain inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records.

18. And be it further enacted, That to the intent that all persons may be duly apprized of the approach of the period appointed for the triennial registration of slaves, by virtue of this Act, the said period shall from time to time and at all times hereafter, for and during the space of thirty days before the same shall arrive, be duly and publicly advertised by the registrar, by sticking up a public notice at the court-house door.

19. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the justices of His Majesty's court of king’s bench and common pleas of the said Island shall or may, on the application or information of any of His Majesty's subjects, (at any time of the year, and either in or out of court,) by warrant under their hands and seals, directed to the provost marshal of the said Island or his lawful deputy, empower and command him to take and detain in his custody the body of any person who shall be proved before them to have incurred any or either of the penalties imposed by this Act, until he or she shall fully pay and discharge the amount of the penalty or penalties for which he or she shall have been so committed, together with the costs which shall or may have been expended in prosecuting for the same.

20. And be it further enacted, That the certificate of any and every registrar of slaves, appointed in pursuance of the Act, by him subscribed, certifying any copy or extract from the boolcs in his office, or the non-registration of any slave or slaves therein, shall be received in all courts, and by all judges, magistrates, and other persons in authority in the said Island, as sufficient evidence of the truth or authenticity of such copy or extract, and as sufficient primA facie evidence of the matters so certified, reserving nevertheless to the party or parties against whom any such certificate shall be adduced in proof, the right or privilege of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the same, by comparison with the original book or books of registry.

21. And be it further enacted, That such registrar of stares shall be entitled to receive annually the sum of sixty pounds of current money of this Island, to be paid him out of the publie treasury; and the said registrar shall likewise be entitled to demand and receive the further sum of three-pence, gold and silver money, for every slave named in any certified copy of registered returns which may be re-mured or demanded of him; and for every search in hie registry, the sum of two shillings and three-pence, gold and silver money; and for every ordinary certificate by him given and subscribed, nine shillings^ gold and silver money.

And be it further enacted, That in case any person whosoever shall wilfully for* swear in taking any oath by this Act required to be taken, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person so to do, he or she, being duly convicted thereof, shall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury.

Dated at Antigua, this tenth day of July, in the fifty-seventh year of His Majesty's reign, and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Passed the Assembly this third of July one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

''S'

Henry Dyott, Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council this third day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

James Masters,

Clerk of the Council.

Geo. JVm. Ramsay, Governor.

8o

MONTSERRAT.

4.-FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

Original RETURN of SLAVES. (A.)

Names and Descriptions of Persons making the Return, &c.

A.B. Proprietor

C.D. (Attorney of E. F. Proprietor -

SLAVES IN POSSESSION.

Name*.

A. B.

C. D.

Total -

Sex.

Male.

Female*

Colour.

Black*

Coloured.

Reputed Age.

Thirty-five.

Twenty.

(Signed) B.

day of

181

Triennial RETURN of SLAVES. (B.)

Names and Description of Persons making the Returns,

&c.

A* B. Proprietor

C.D. (Attorney of E. F. Proprietor -

SLAVES IN POSSESSION.

Names* Sex. Colour. Reputed Age.

A.B. Male. Black. Thirty-five.

C.D. Female. Coloured. Twenty.

Total.

Number of Slaves last returned. Increase. Decrease.

150. 1 by birth. 2 by death,.

" A." " D." " £ "

2 by purchase from G. H. " B." 1 by tale. " F."

" C." 1 by manu-

mission,

• " G."

Total. Total.

(Signed) A.B. day of 181

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 81

NEVIS REGISTRY ACT. 1817.

NEVIS.

An ACT for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves, in the Island of Nevis.

WHEREAS it has been deemed expedient that an original registry, and periodical returns from time to time, of the negro and other slaves in this Island, should be made, for the purpose of ascertaining the number, and identifying the persons, of such negro and other slaves, and their progressive increase and decrease: And whereas such registry and return will be best accomplished by means of a public registry being established for the registration and enrolment of the several negro and other slaves in this Island hereinafter mentioned; we. Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Governor in chief of these Your Majesty's Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Anguilla, and the Virgin Islands, and the Council and Assembly of the Island of Nevis, do pray Your Most Sacred Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be established in this Island a public registry for the registration and enrolment, in manner hereinafter directed, of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes or others, who now are or at any time hereafter shall be held in a state of slavery within the said Island, and who shall be respectively registered, or returned for registration, as hereinafter directed, within ninety days from the passing of this Act: And that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his heirs and successors, or for the Governor or Commander in chief of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Anguilla, and the Virgin Islands, by letters patent under the seal of the said government, to appoint from time to time and at aft times hereafter, a fit and proper person to discharge the duties annexed to the said office; and that the person and persons so to be appointed registrar, shall reside within this Island of Nevis, and shall not be at liberty to depart from thence without having previously obtained a licence or permission for that purpose from the Governor or Commander in chief of the said government for the time being.

And be it further enacted, That the person so to be appointed shall provide the necessary books, strongly and durably bound, for the purpose of the registry and enrolment hereinafter directed, in which books he shall enter and register, as hereinafter directed, the names and descriptions of all the slaves in this Island.

And be it further enacted, That on or before the expiration of the ninety days aforesaid, every person who shall be resident in this Island, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, either as owner, renter, trustee, attorney, agent, manager, or in any other right or character, whatever his or her title, trust or interest in any such slave or slaves may be, shall respectively make and deliver in, or cause to be made and delivered in, upon oath to the registrar of slaves in this Island, or his lawful deputy, to be recorded by the said registrar, such schedules, lists and particulars in writing, subscribed by him her or them, to be called his her or their return of slaves, as are hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, an alphabetical list or schedule in writing, in the form of schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and which said schedule or return shall be subscribed by the person giving in the same, and the total number of male and female slaves inserted in words at length.

And be it further enacted, That the said registrar shall from time to time deliver gratis to every person who shall apply for the same, printed blanks, according to the forms prescribed in the schedules to this Act annexed, for the purpose of being jfilled up and returned as hereinafter directed.

And be it further enacted, That every person making and subscribing any and every such schedule or return, shall cause the same to be delivered to the registrar or his lawful deputy, at his office in the said Island, having first made oath to the purport or effect following, before one of the justices of the peace in the said Island, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, such oath to be annexed to the said return :

"I, A.B. do hereby make oath. That the above list or schedule signed by me, " and intended to be delivered to the registrar of slaves of this Island for " registration, in compliance with an Act for establishing a general registry " of all the negro and other slaves in the said Island, contains a just, true, 433* X -

2

4. — FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE (Acts of

" and full account and return in all respects of all the negro and other slaves " belonging to or in the lawful possession of

" and being within the said Island, save and except as to such slaves as " have absconded or secreted themselves, and whose names and descriptions " are hereunto annexed; and that the said return is made to the best of " my knowledge and belief.

"So help me GOD."

And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such returns or schedules as aforesaid shall have been duly made and received by the said registrar, he shall proceed to register and copy the same with all convenient speed, in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a proper book, or set of books, to be kept by the said registrar* precisely conformable to the said returns, which returns shall then be filed.

NEVIS.

And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any pretence, or for any occasion whatsoever, be at any time permitted to be in any of the said books of registry $ but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description or other particular therein, so that the same shall differ from the name, description or particular contained in the schedule or return from which the same was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books of registry, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible; and the correction thereof^ by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted* shall either be interlined or written in the margin, and always, when practicable, by the same hand as the rest of the list or entry; and the registrar shall either under such word or words, or under a mark of reference there made to any interlineation, subscribe his name at length; frut after the registry of original return of slaves shall have been completed and certified upon oath as hereinafter directed, no interlineation, insertion, or other correction of the registry of any such original return, shall on any account be made or permitted, except as is hereinafter expressly provided.

And be it further enacted, That an office copy, certified by the registrar, of the registered list or schedule of slaves belonging to any plantation, or to any particular owner or owners, shall, after the registering thereof; at the request of the owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or party or parties who made the return of such list or schedule, be made and delivered to him her or them by the said registrar; and all persons shall have free liberty to inspect the said register books in the presence of the registrar or his assistant, for the purpose of ascertaining that all returns and lists or schedules by them or on their behalf delivered, have been accurately registered in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the original returns or schedules which shall have been delivered to the registrar of this Island pursuant to this Act, shall have been entered and registered as aforesaid, the registrar shall give notice thereof forthwith to the Governor or civil Commander in chief of this Island for the time being, and such Governor or civil Commander in chief shall thereupon notify to the inhabitants of this Island, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is ready to be verified before him, as far as respects the original registry of slaves, and that the same is and will continue open at the proper office for the inspection of all persons who have made returns of slaves for insertion therein, or who are desirous of such inspection, for the term of ninety days from the date of such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied as to the accuracy of the said registry; and also, that if any owners or possessors of slaves within or belonging to the Island, shall have, from any accident or unavoidable impediment until that time, omitted to return full and proper schedules or lists of their slaves unto the said register; as by this Act required, they must immediately apply to the said Governor or civil Commander in chief, who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, is hereby empowered to make an order to the registrar for the admission and registration or correction of their returns or schedules, and which order the registrar is required to obey, so as every such new or corrected return may be registered in the said books in manner aforesaid, before the end of the said term of ninety days before mentioned.

And be it further enacted, That at the end of the said last-mentioned term of ninety days, the registrar shall proceed finally to close and authenticate the primary or original registration of all the slaves in this Island, which shall thenceforth be

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 83

called the original registry of dares of the Island of Nevis, in manner following (to wit), in the said book, or in the last of any set of the said bodes, the said registrar shall write with his own hand in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves for the Island of Nevis, either on the same folio or double page, or on the back of the last leaf containing the same, " Here ends the original registry of slaves for the Island of Nevisand the said registrar shall thereto subscribe his name and affix his seal of office, and below the said signature shall be written in like characters by the said registrar, the following affidavit:

" Before A.B. [inserting the name of the Governor or civil Commander inchief] " personally appeared C.D. [ naming himself] the registrar of slaves for the * Island or Nevis, who, being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists of " Almighty God, maketh oath and sayeth, That he the said C.D. hath " carefully examined and compared all the preceding entries in this book, " {[or, in this set of booksj with all the different returns of slaves delivered " to him, or to his knowledge and belief, to any deputy, clerk, or assistant by " him appointed; and that he is enabled thereby to depose, and doth depose, * that the preceding original registry of slaves of the Island of Nevis, is in " all respects correct, and faithfully made/’

Which affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn to before the said Governor or civil Commander in chief, who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand and seal:

* I, A.B. [inserting his name and tide of office] do hereby certify. That the " above affidavit was duly sworn before me this day of

" one thousand eight hundred and Witness my hand and seal, this

" day of one thousand eight hundred and

And be it further enacted, That after the expiration of three years, to be computed from the time when any such original registry shall be completed and authenticated as aforesaid, and after every succeeding period of three years in times to come, on the first day of January in the next following year, or within sixty days after that day, every person resident in this Island, who shall be in the lawful possession of any slave or slaves within this Island, whether as owner, renter, trustee, attorney, agent, manager, or in any other right or character whatever, shall make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered upon oath to the registrar of this Island, an account or schedule in form (B.) hereunto annexed, of all the additions to the former stock of slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of such person or persons on whose, behalf the return is made, within the three years next preceding, whether by birth, purchase, return of fugitive or absent slaves, or by any other lawful ways and means whatever; and also an account or schedule in form (C.) hereunto annexed, of all deductions from the former stock of slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of such person or persons on whose behalf the return is made, within the three years next preceding, whether by death, sale, transfer, manumission or otherwise; and when by the death of the owner, or by any other cause, there shall have been, within the period to which the returns relate, any change of property in and possession of any slaves from the owner or owners under whose names they were registered, to any new owner or owners, such change of property and possession shall also be mentioned in the said triennial returns, and such returns shall also state in words at length, the whole number of slaves then belonging to or possessed by the person or persons mentioned in such returns; but where there shall have been no alteration since the last return in the number or description of the slaves belonging to or possessed by the person for whom the return is made, or the property thereof, it shall be sufficient to state the whole number of slaves, and to add, " No alteration required by law to be specified has taken place since the last return."

And be it further enacted, That any person making and subscribing such return shall take the following oath before one of His Majesty's justices of the peace :

"I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, That the contents of the schedule or return now " by me delivered are true, and that the same contains, to the best of my " knowledge and belief, a full, fair, and correct account of all additions to or " deductions from the number of slaves belonging to or possessed "by " and being within this Island, whether by birth,

" purchase, return of fugitive or absent slaves, death, sale, transfer, manumission,

84 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

NEVIS.

or otherwise, since the original registration thereof, [or, during " the last three years] and of the whole number of slaves now actually " belonging to [or, in the lawful possession of] the said

"So help me GOD."

And be it further enacted, That if any person, who by this Act is directed to make and deliver a return of the slaves in his or her possession for registration as aforesaid, shall wilfully emit or neglect to do so, whereby such slave or slaves shall be omitted to be duly registered in the original or any subsequent registry pursuant to this Act, every such person so offending, shall forfeit for every wave omitted to be registered as aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter directed; and in case the party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves omitted to be registered as aforesaid, in the capacity of mortgagee, trustee, attorney or manager, for any other or others or in any other right or character whatever, such person shall not only forfeit for every slave omitted to be registered as aforesaid, the like sum of one hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter stated, but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every the person or persons who shall or may sustain any damage or injury by any such omission as aforesaid, and who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall be entitled to recover against the party offending double costs of suit.

And whereas it may happen, in some instances, that owners and possessors of slaves within this Island, at the time of the said first or original registration, may from accident or some unavoidable impediment, omit to return the same for registration within the times herein respectively limited for that purpose, or that persons in possession of slaves not their own absolute property, may wilfully or negligently make such omissions without the concurrence or consent of the absent owners or persons interested in such slaves; Be it therefore enacted, That if any owner or owners, possessor or possessors of slaves with this Island, shall have omitted to make his her or their return thereof, within the time hereinbefore limited for the said first or original registration, or subsequent registration within the time hereinbefore in that respect limited; and if such owner or owners, possessor or possessors, or any other person or persons, who at the time of such omission was or shall have since become the owners or possessors, whether in his own right or in the right of any other person or persons, of any slave or slaves so omitted to be returned, shall at the time of making his her or their triennial return next after any such omission or default, apply to the Governor or civil Commander in chief of this Island, and prove to his satisfaction that such omission was not wilful, but arose from some specified accident or other unavoidable impediment, or from the neglect or default of some person or persons other than the owner or owners of the said slave or slaves, or from some other cause which may appear to the said Governor or civil Commander in chief as a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the said party, it shall be lawful for the said Governor or civil Commander in chief to order that such party or parties so making his her or their triennial return next after such omission or default, to the said registrar, shall be at liberty to insert the names and descriptions, and all other particulars hereinbefore required, of and relating to all and every slave or slaves, the subject of any such former omission or default, and also in such return such account as hereinbefore directed of all additions to or deductions from the stock of slaves in respect of which such return is made, which shall have occurred within the preceding three years; and such return, when duly made and registered, together with the cause of the former omission and default, and the date of the order for supplying the same, which shall be certified and signed by the said registrar on the registry of such return in the proper book, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual for all the purposes of this Act, as if the matters therein contained had been duly returned and registered at the proper period.

And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons making any such original or subsequent return of slaves as aforesaid in this Island, shall falsely and wilfully insert therein any name or names, description or descriptions of any slave or slaves, or pretended slave or slaves belonging to him her or them, knowing that such slave or slaves, or pretended slave or slaves, as shall be so named and described doth not or do not in fact belong at the time of making such return, to him her or them, (except such slaves as hereinafter mentioned) every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave, or pretended slave so falsely returned, the sum of one

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 85

hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter directed: Provided always, That no person shall be liable to any such penalty as last aforesaid, in respect of any slave or slaves which he or she shall prove to have been at the time of the return actually employed upon the plantation, or in the service of the asserted owner or owners, claimant or claimants, to whom the same were represented by such return to belong, although he or she shall not be able to prove that the property in such slave or slaves was such as was stated in the return, except when the prosecutor shall give evidence beyond the falsification of the return in point of property, to show that the same was fraudulent or wilfully false : Provided also, That no person shall be liable to any such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid, in respect of any slave or slaves who may have absconded or secreted themselves from the service or employ of their respective owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons entitled to such slave or slaves, or be out of his her or their control at the time of making such original or subsequent return of slaves as aforesaid, so, nevertheless, that such owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons do and shall specify the names and descriptions of all such slaves in the affidavit hereinbefore mentioned.

And be it further enacted, That before the registrar shall enter on the performance of the functions of his office of registrar of slaves, he shall take the following oath before the president in council, who is hereby authorized to administer the same:

* I, A.B. do solemnly promise and Swear, That I will not knowingly or " willingly make, or permit or suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent * entry, erasure or obliteration, in the resistry of slaves to be committed to " my charge; but if any such false or fraudulent act shall become known to " me, will immediately give notice thereof to the Governor or civil Commander in chief of this Island; and will in all respects faithfully and " uprightly perform the duties of the office of Keeper of the Registry of " Slaves for this Island.

"So help me GOD."

And be it further enacted, That if any registrar shall, in the exercise of his said office, wilfully refuse or neglect to receive for registration any return, or to make any entry which he ought to make according to the directions in this Act specified, or shall knowingly or wilfully, contrary to the said directions or to the true intent and meaning of this Act, receive for registration any return, or make or cause or suffer to be made any entry which ought not to be so made; or in case any registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in his office or either of them, or in any of the said accounts or abstracts hereby directed to be made out *, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said book or books of registry, the said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence, not only be liable to all such pains and penalties, as ought by law to be inflicted on persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public records, but shall for ever forfeit his said office, and shall moreover be liable to the civil, suits or actions of all and every person and persons who shall sustain any damage or injury by any such offence, who, besides full reparation for every 'such damage or injury, shall recover against such registrar double costs of suit % and if any deputy, assistant, or clerk of any registrar, shall commit, or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof, be subject to the like pains and penalties; and if any other person or persons shall wilfully make or cause to be made any fraudulent entry or erasure in the aforesaid books of registry or returns, or either of them, every such person or persons, on conviction thereof, shall be liable to the pains and penalties inflicted by law upon persons convicted of fraudulently altering public records, and shall furthermore forfeit for every such offence, the sum of five hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter directed, and shall, moreover, be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons who shall have sustained any damage or injury by such offence, who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall be entitled to recover against such person so offending double costs of suit.

86 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

And be it further enacted, That the certificate of registrar of slaves of this Island by him subscribed, certifying any copies or extracts from the books in his office, or the nonregistration of any slave or slaves therein, shall be received in all courts, and by all judges, magistrates, and other persons in authority in the said Island, as sufficient evidence of the authenticity of such copy or extract, and a sufficient evidence prvmdfacie of the matter so certified, saving, nevertheless, to the party or parties

against whom such evidence is adduced, the right of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the same, by an inspection of and comparison with the original book* or books of registry.

And be it further enacted, That the said registrar shall, for his trouble of receiving and filing the aforesaid lists and returns so delivered in to him, and for transcribing the same into the necessary book or books as hereinbefore directed, and for giving a certified copy thereof if required, be entitled to demand and receive from the public treasury of the said Island, for the first year -of such return, the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds current money; for every subsequent year, the sum of one hundred pounds like moneyj for every search in his registry, die sum of three shillings; for every certificate by him given and subscribed, except the original office copy as before named, die sum of nine shillings; and shall likewise receive payment from the said Treasury fear the books and blank forms he is by this Act directed to provide.

And be it further enacted, That from nine o'clock in the morning until three in the afternoon, every person may have access to the book or books so kept in the said registrar's office $ and that the said registrar shall, upon request by any person authorized to make the same, within ten days after such request, deliver to such person a copy or copies of any such list or schedule by him required, which shall be duly certified as a true copy, and for which the said registrar shall be entided to receive from the person so requesting, at the rate of two shillings for every ninety words; and in case the said registrar shall omit or neglect any of the duties imposed on him by this Act, or shall take any larger or more fee or fees than are therein prescribed, he shall forfeit, on conviction of every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling.

And be it further enacted, That in any action or suit which may be hereafter brought for the purpose of establishing the right of freedom in any negro or coloured person claimed as a slave by any inhabitant or proprietor of property in this Island, that in all such actions or suits, a certificate of such registrar as aforesaid, shall in the first place be exhibited, or the original book or books be produced, or their nonproduction accounted for, to the satisfaction of the court before whom the said action or suit shall be tried; and in case the said certificate shall not be produced, or the said original book or books produced, with the name and description of such person respecting whom the question of freedom shall arise, inserted therein as a slave, or the non-production of the same accounted for to the satisfaction of the said court, the person or persons concerning whom such question shall arise, shall hence* forth be reputed free.

And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, that any slave or slaves, has or have been omitted to be returned for registration in the original registry, or any triennial registry hereinbefore directed to be made, without any actual neglect or wilful default of the owner or possessor, or owners or possessors thereof, or that any slave or slaves, although duly returned for registration, has or have been omitted to be registered, through the negligence, inadvertency or oversight of the registrar or his deputy, clerks or assistants, then and in either of such cases or events, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, and he is hereby authorised and required to remit any penalty or penalties which may have been so incurred, by reason of any such omission or default.

And whereas it is essential to the security and stability of West Indian property, that some precaution should be taken against the emigration of fugitive slaves to neighbouring Islands, where their names being unregistered, they may require a virtual emancipation : Be it therefore enacted, That every negro or person of colour, who shall at any time after the publication of this Act, arrive in this Island, pretending to be free, but not being provided with any regular deed or instrument of tnaflumission, shall, within the space of twenty-four hours after his or her arrival,

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

appear before the Governor, Commander in chief for the time being, or President of Hu Majesty's Council of this Island, and produce to him a certificate of his or her reputed freedom, under the hand and seal of the Governor, Commander in chief for the time being, or President of His Majesty's Council of some other British Colony in the West Indies, under the penalty of fifty pounds of current gold and silver money of the said Island, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned; and unless and until every or any such negro or person of colour who shall have so arrived, shall be in possession of, or obtain such certificate as is above required, he or she shall be and remain subject to every law or regulation which shall be in force in the said Island, in any manner relating to slaves: Provided always, That nothing in this clause contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to any negroes or persons of colour who have heretofore been, or shall hereafter be born free within the said Island, or who have been generally hitherto reputed to be free therein.

And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons whomsoever shall be guilty of any false or wilful forswearing in taxing any oath under the proceedings of this Act, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person to take any such oath falsely, he or she being thereof duly convicted, shall for every such offence, incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all such persons as shall commit wilful perjury, or shall procure or suborn any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury.

NEVIS.

And be it enacted, That all penalties imposed by this Act be appropriated as follows: one half to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be applied to the public use of this Island, the other half to him who shall inform and sue for the same, and may be sued for and recovered in a summary way, by complaint or information in writing before any magistrate, who, upon such complaint or information lodged, shall summon the party complained of, and also the witness, to appear before him and any other justice, one whereof shall be a judge of the court of king's bench and common pleas, and on due proof made, either by confession, or on the oath of one credible witness, may give judgment thereon *, and if the said penalty be not immediately paid or secured to the satisfaction of the said justices, they may issue their warrant thereon, to distrain the offender’s goods and chattels, which if not redeemed in ten days, and the expenses of the distress paid, shall be publicly sold by the provost marshal or his lawful deputy, and the amount of such distress and expense, and also all costs of the said sale, deducted therefrom, and the overplus (if any) paid over to the person whose goods were distrained *, and if sufficient distress cannot be found, the said justices may commit the offender to the common gaol of this Island, for the space of sixty days, unless the said penalties and expenses be sooner paid: Provided always, if any person shall feel himself aggrieved by any such conviction, such person may, within ten days, appeal to the Governor or Civil Commander in chief of this Island, who may hear and determine the same in a summary way, and his decision of such appeal shall be final, and the party appealing shall give notice of such his appeal to the person suing for such penalty, ten days before the day fixed by the Governor or Civil Commander in chief for hearing the same.

Dated at St. Christopher, the sixteenth day of April, in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Magnus Morton, Speaker of the House of Assembly.

Passed the Board of Council, the fourteenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

John R. Small, Clk Secr.

Passed the Assembly, this fourteenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

John , Clerk of the Assembly.

Thomas (l. s.) Probyn.

Published by beat of drum, this eighteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

George Hobson, Dep. Pro. Marshal.

88 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

SCHEDULE (A.)

An Alphabetical LIST and RETURN of all the Negro and other Slaves now resident on the Estate called , and belonging

to or in the lawful possession of,

Given in by me, this day of one

thousand eight hundred and

Name. Sex. Country. Colon/. Reputed Age.

SCHEDULE (B.)

An Alphabetical LIST and RETURN of all the Additions to the original stock of Slaves resident on the Estate called . • and .

belonging to, or in the lawful possession of whether by

birth, purchase, return of fugitive or absent Slaves, or otherwise, since the -last Return.

Given by me, this day of one thousand

eight hundred and - ,

No. Names. Sex. Country. Colour. Rteputed Age. By Birth, Purchase, or Return, and if piwctiMed, of whom.;

' SCHEDULE (C.)

An Alphabetical LIST and RETURN of all Deductions from the original stock of Slaves resident on the Estate called , and .

belonging to, or in the lawful possession of, whether by

death, sale, manumission, absconding, or otherwise, since the last Return.

Given by me, this day of one thousand

eight hundred and

He on original List, •r subsequent Retain. Name. Dead, Manumitted, or Absconded* If sold, to whom. Date of Sale, icc.

Nevis. — Secretary’s Office, April, 28th, 1817.

I certify that the foregoing pages contain a true and correct copy of the original Act for establishing a Registry of Slaves in this Island, recorded in this office.

John Small,

Colonial Secretary.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

ST. CHRISTOPHER’S.

ST. CHRISTOPHER'S.

An ACT for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Saint Christopher’s.

MAY it please Your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it and it is hereby enacted by the Governor in chief of Your Majesty's Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Anguilla, and the Virgin Islands, and by the Council and Assembly of this Your Iuand of St. Christopher, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be established in this Island a public registry for the registration and enrolment, in manner hereinafter directed, of the names and descriptions of all negroes, mulattoes, or others who now are or at any time hereafter shall be held in a state of slavery within this Island; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, or Commander in chief of St. Christopher's, Nevis, Anguilla, and the Virgin Islands, by letters patent under the seal of the said government, to appoint from time to time, and at all times hereafter, a fit and proper person to discharge the duties annexed to the said office j and that the person and persons so to be appointed registrar shall reside within this Island of St. Christopher's, and shall keep the office for the registration of slaves in some safe and convenient part of the town of Basseterre, and shall not be at liberty to depart from the said Island without having previously obtained a licence or permission for that purpose, from the Governor or Commander in chief of the said government for the time being; and that such licence or permission shall not be given for a longer period than twelve months, and shall not be renewed oftner than once in four years.

2. And be it further enacted, That the person so to be appointed, shall at the public expense, provide the necessary books, for the purpose of the registry and enrolment hereinafter directed, strongly and durably bound; in which books the names and descriptions of all the slaves in this Island shall be registered, as hereinafter directed.

3. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the first day of July next ensuing, every person who shall then be resident in this Island, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, manager or attorney, guardian or committee, or in any other right or character, whatever his or her title, trust, possession or interest of or in such slave or slaves may be, shall respectively make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered into the office of the said registrar of slaves, to be recorded by him, such schedules, lists and particulars in writing subscribed by him her or them, to be called his her or their return of slaves as are hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, a list or schedule in writing, containing his or her own name and description, and the names and descriptions of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners, claimant or claimants of such slave or slaves on whose behalf the return is made, and the right or character in which the party making such return holds possession of such slave or slaves; namely, whether as proprietor, lessee, mortgagee, sequestrator, guardian, committee, trustee, receiver, executor, administrator, attorney, manager, or otherwise; and shall name, describe, and enumerate distinctly therein the several negro, mulatto or other slaves then belonging to Or held in possession by him her or them; and shall also distinctly specify m separate columns, in manner described, in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A.), the respective sexes, colours, usual employments, and reputed ages of such slaves, and whether Creole or African, if Creole, the name of the Island or Colony in which such slave was born, to the best knowledge and belief of the party making the return; if African, the name of the district or part of Africa from whence such slave was brought, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the party making the return.

4. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person making and subscribing any and every such schedule or return, shall cause the same to be delivered to the said registrar of slaves, so to be appointed for the said Island, having first made oath to the purport or effect following, before one of the

433. Z justices

9<>

4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

" I, [name the deponent,] do solemnly Swear, That the Schedule or Return * hereunto annexed, contains, as I verily believe, a just, true and full return, •* account and description of all the Slaves belonging to me, [or, in my " possession as lessee, mortgagee, or as trustee, attorney, or manager for * the owner or owners therein contained, or otherwise, as the case may be,~\ *' and being within the Island [save and except as to such slave or slaves, * if any, as may have absconded or withdrawn him her or themselves from " the service of the owner or owners, the name or names of which slaves " shall be here set forth]: And that the said Return is made by me aeeord ing to the best of my knowledge and belief, without fraud, deceit or * evasion : And I do further Swear, That to the best of my knowledge and " belief, no one of the said slaves has been imported into this Island, contrary to an Act of Parliament passed in the forty-seventh year of the * reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, *An Act for the abolition of the Slave Trade.

5. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such returns or schedules as aforesaid shall have been duly made and received by the registrar of slaves of this Island, he shall proceed to register and copy the same with all convenient speed, in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a proper book or set of books to be kept by the said registrar of slaves, precisely conformable with the said returns.

6. And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any pretence, or for any cause whatsoever, be at any time permitted in any of the said books of registry; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular therein, so that the same shall differ from the name, description or particular contained in the schedule or return from which the same was made j or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books of registry, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible, and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall either be interlined or written in the margin; and always, when practicable, by the same hand as the rest of the same list or entry; and the registrar shall either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length; but after the registry of original returns of slaves shall have been completed and certified upon oath as hereinafter directed, no interlineation, insertion, or other correction of the registry of any such original return, shall on any account be made or permitted, except as hereinafter expressly provided.

7. And be it further enacted, That upon application made to the said registrar of slaves, he shall deliver a certified office copy or office copies of the registered list or lists, schedule or schedules of slaves belonging to any plantation, or to any particular owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or party or parties, who made the return of such list or lists, schedule or schedules, and for which there shall be charged no more than at the rate of three-pence for every slave therein named and described; and all persons shall have free liberty to inspect the said registry books, in the presence of the registrar or his assistants, for the purpose of ascertaining that the returns and lists, or schedules by them or on their behalf delivered, have been accurately registered in manner aforesaid.

8. And be it further Enacted, That when and so soon as all the original returns or schedules, which shall have been delivered to the said registrar of slaves of this Island, pursuant to this order, shall have been entered and registered as aforesaid, the said registrar shall give notice thereof forthwith to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief of this Island for the time being; and such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief, shall thereupon publicly notify to the inhabitants of this Island, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is ready to be verified before him, as far as respects the original registry of slaves, and that the same is and will continue open at the proper office for the inspection of all persons, who have made returns -of slaves for insertion therein, or who are desirous of such inspection, for the term of forty-two days from the

day of

"So help me GOD.*

" Sworn before me, this

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 91

date of such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may he satisfied of the accuracy of the said registry; and also, that if any owners or possessors of slaves within or belonging to this Island, shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment have till that time omitted to return full and proper schedules or lists of their slaves into the said registry as by this act required, they must immediately apply to the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief, who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, shall have power to make an order for the admission and registration, or correction of their returns or schedules by the registrar.

9. And be it further enacted, That if, during the term prescribed by the said Um-mentioned notification, any owner or possessor, owners or possessors of slaves shall apply to the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief, and make it appear to his satisfaction, that the non-delivery of his her or their return or returns of slaves to the registrar, within the term before prescribed, or any fault or omission in such return or returns has arisen from accident, or some unavoidable impediment, or from some other cause which may appear to the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief as a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the said party, and not from any wilful delay or default, and shall then produce his her or their return or returns, or corrected return or returns, and make oath that no slave therein named has been imported or brought into this Island contrary to the said Act of parliament passed in the forty-seventh year of the reign of His present Majesty, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the party making such application, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor or civil Commander in chief to make an order in writing by him subscribed and addressed to the registrar, commanding him to receive and register any such return or returns, as if the same had been delivered in due time; which order the registrar it hereby required to obey, so as every such new or corrected return may be registered in the said books in manner aforesaid, before the end of the said term of forty-two days last before mentioned.

ST. CHRISTOPHER’S.

10. And be it further enacted, That at the end of the said last-mentioned term of forty-two days, the registrar shall proceed finally to close and authenticate the primary or original registration of all the slaves in this Island, which shall thenceforth be called the original registry of slaves of the Island of Saint Christopher, in manner following; (to wit) in each of the said books, or in the last of any set of such books, the said registrar shall write frith his own hand in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves, either on the same folio or double page, or on the hack of the last leaf con taming the same, " Here ends the original registry of slaves of the Island of Saint Christopherand the said registrar shall thereto subscribe his name, and affix his seal, and below the said signature shall be written in like characters by the said registrar, the following affidavit;

" Before A.B. [inserting the name and title of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief for the time being,] personally ap peared C.D. [ turning himself] registrar of slaves in the said Island of Saint

" Christopher, who being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists, makes oath " and says. That he the said C.D. has twice carefully examined mid compared " all the preceding entries in this book, [or, in thi6 set of books] with all " the different returns of slaves delivered to him, or to his knowledge or " belief, to any rlerk or aasirtant by him appointed j first by examining the " said entries while his clerk or assistant read the original returns respectively " entered therein, and afterwards by examining the said returns while his clerk " or assistant read the said entries in this book, [or, set of books] respectively made therefrom; and that he is thereby enabled to depose, and " doth depose, that the preceding original registry of slaves of the Island of *• Saint Christopher, is in all respects correctly and faithfully made.*

Which affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief, who shall subjoin thereunto the following certificate under his hand and seal:

"I, A.B. [inserting the name and tide of qffice] do hereby certify. That the " above affidavit was duly sworn before me, this day

" of one thousand right hundred and

" Witness my hand and seal, this day of

" one thousand right hundred and 433. 11. And

2 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

ST. CHRISTOPHER’S.

il. And be it further enacted. Tint after the expmation of three jean, to be v computed from the time when any such original registry shall be completed and

s authenticated as aforesaid, and after every succeeding period of three years in times

to come, on the 1st day of January in the next following year, or within ten days after that day, every person resident in this Island who shall be in the lawful possession of any slave or slaves within this Island, whether as proprietor or mortgagee, sequestrator, trustee or receiver, lessee, manager or attorney, committee or guardian, or in any other character, or who shall own or possess any personal slave or slaves whatsoever within this Island, whatsoever his or ner title, trust, or interest in any such slave or slaves may be, shall make and deliver, or cause to be delivered into the office of the said registry of slaves of this Island for the time being, an account or schedule in writing, by nim or her subscribed, to be called, The Triennial Return of Slaves," containing a true and particular account of all births and deaths of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such return is made, within the three years next preceding since the said original or last triennial returns were made; and also an account of all deductions from or additions to the former stock of slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of such person or persons within the same period, by other means than deaths or births, whether the same shall have happened by permanent desertion, sale, or other transfer of the property, or enfranchisement, or by the return of fugitives or absent slaves, or by any other lawful ways and means whatsoever, which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition* shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such last-mentioned returns; and in cases of purchase or other acquisition, or sale or of other transfer, or manumission of slaves formerly registered, the registered name and description of every such newly purchased, or acquired, or transferred, or manumitted slave, and of his or her former owner or owners, claimant or claimants, shall also be set forth at large in such triennial return; and every such return shall also contain all such further particulars in respect of every newly acquired slave named therein, as are hereinbefore directed to be contained in the said original returns; and when, by the death of the owner or any other cause, there shall have been, within the period to which the return relates, any change of property in the possession of any slave, from the owner or owners under whose names the same were registered, to any new owner or owners, such change of property and possession shall also be mentioned in the said triennial returns; and such returns shall also state the whole number of slaves then belonging to or possessed by the person or persons mentioned in such returns; but when there has been no alteration since the last return, in the number or description of the slaves belonging to or possessed by the person by or for whom the return is made, or the property thereof, it shall be sufficient to state the whole number of slaves, and to add, under the oath of the party, " No alteration required by law to be * specified has taken place since the last return."

12. And be it further enacted, That the registered schedule shall be entered in a hook by the person returning the same into the registry, and delivered with the estate for the negroes, on which the registry is made to any person who may succeed him in possession of the said negroes, with an aooooent of ell the changes and alterations that have taken place in the scone by death, birth or otherwise, during his possession; and in the same manner upon every other change of possession: and that all such changes by death, birth, or othenriee, shall be entered, within the space of twelve months, in the parish books, by the churchwarden, free of expense, agreeable to the list furnished by the person or persons in possession, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, to be forfeited by every person in any respect offending against this clause.

13, And be it further enacted, That every person making and subscribing any such triennial return, in cases where any such alteration shall have taken place as is required to be specified, shall take the following oath before any one of His Majesty's justices of peace, duly qualified, in the said Island, who are hereby enjoined to administer the oath without fee or reward.

"I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, That the contents of the Schedule or Return " now by me delivered, are true, and that the same contains, to the best of " my knowledge and belief, a full, fair, and correct account of all the births " and deaths which have happened among the slaves belonging to or possessed " by, [the owner or owners therein named,] and being within this Island

jk1

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 93 /

" since the original return and registration thereof, or during the last " three years, and of all. other additions to, or deductions from, the said «« dares within the same period, and of the whole ntunber of slaves now " actually belonging to, or in the lawful possession of the said

"So help me GOD."

" Sworn before me, this day of

ST. CHRISTOPHER'S.*

14. And be it further enacted, That if any person who by this Act is directed to make and deliver a return of the slaves in his or her possession, for registration as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to do so, whereby such slave or slaves shall be omitted to be duly registered in the original or subsequent registry, pursuant to this Act, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave omitted to be registered as aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds of sterling money, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered in this Island, by any law thereof; the one moiety of such penalty to be paid into the public treasury of the said Island, to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the support of the government of this Island, and the other moiety to the person suing for the same: And in case the party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves omitted to be registered as aforesaid, in the capacity of mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, manager or attorney, guardian or committee, for any other or others, or in any other right or character whatsoever, such, person shall not only forfeit for every slave omitted to be registered as aforesaid, the like sum of one hundred pounds of sterling money, to be recovered and go in. manner hereinbefore stated, but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every the person or persons who shall or may sustain any damage or injury, by any such omission as aforesaid j and who, besides full reparation for every damage of injury, shall recover against the party offending double costs of suit.

15. And whereas it may happen in some instances, that owners or 'possessors of slaves within this Island, at the time of the first or original registration, or of some subsequent registration, may. from accident or unavoidable impediment, omit to ' return the same fin* registration, within the times hereby respectively limited for ' that purpose $ or that persons in possession of slaves not their own absolute property, ' may wilfully or negligently make such omission without the concurrence'or consent ’ of the absent owners or persons interested in such slaves; Be it therefore further enacted, That if any owner, or owners, possessor or possessors of slaves within this Island, shall have omitted to make his her or their return thereof within the time hereinbefore limited for the said first or original rejgistration, or subsequent registration, within the time hereinbefore in that respect limited j and if such owner or owners, possessor or possessors, or any other person or persons, who at the time of such omission was, or who shall have since become the owner or possessor, whether in his own-right or in the right of any other person or persons, of any slave or slaves so omitted to be returned,shall at anytime, alter making his her or their triennial return, next after any such omission or default, apply to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief of this Island, and prove to his satisfaction, by such credible, evidence as from the nature of the case may be reasonably expected and required, that such omission was not wilful, but arose from some specified accident or other unavoidable impediment, or from the neglect or default of some person or persons, other than the true and absolute owner or owners of the said slave or slaves, or from some other cause which may appear to the said Governor as a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the said party, it shall be lawful for such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief of this Island, to order that such party or parties so making his her or their triennial return next after such omission or default, to the said registrar, shall be at liberty to insert the names and descriptions, and all other particulars hereinbefore required, of and relating to all and every slave or slaves, the subject of any such former omission or default; and also in such return such account as is hereinbefore directed of the births and deaths, and all other deductions from, or additions to, the stock of slaves, in respect of which such return is made, which shall have occurred within the preceding years: and such returns, when duly made and registered, together with the cause of the former omission or defhult, ‘and the date of the order for supplying the same, which shall be certified and signed by the said registrar, on the registry of such return in the proper book, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual for all the purposes ofthiaAet, as if the matters therein contaiuod had been duly returned aad registered at the proper period.

ST. CHRISTOPHER'S.

94 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

16. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any registrar shall in the exercise of his office, wilfully refuse to receive for registration any return, or to make any entry which he ought to receive or make, according to the direction herein contained, and the true intent and meaning of this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully, contrary to the said directions, or to the true intent and meaning hereof, receive for registration any return, or make or cause, or suffer to be made, any entry which ought not to be so received or made; or in case any registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in his office, or either of them, or in any of the said accounts or abstracts hereby directed to be made out; or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate, or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said books of registry, or either of them, the said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence, not only be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought, by the laws in force in this Island at the time of such offence, to be inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall for ever forfeit his said office, and shall be incapable of ever after holding the same; and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons who shall sustain any damage or injury by any such offence, who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against such registrar double costs of suit; and if any assistant or clerk of any registrar shall commit, or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof, not only in like manner be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws of this Island to be inflicted on persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall forfeit such his office or employment, and be incapable of ever after holding the same; and if any other person or persons within this Island, shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the said books of registry, or either of them, or in the said returns, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated or altered* any entry which shall have been made in the said books of registry or returns, or either of them, every such person or persons so offending shall, upon conviction, not only be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by the laws of this Island to be inflicted upon persons convicted of forging, or fraudulently altering public judicial records, but shall forfeit to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, all his her or their estate, right, title, property and interest, of in and to any slave or slaves that shall be the subject or subjects of any such ftdse or fraudulent entry, erasure, obliteration or alteration.

17. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons making any such original or subsequent return of slaves as aforesaid, in this Island, shall falsely and wilfully insert therein any name or names, description or descriptions of any slave or slaves, or pretended slave or slaves, belonging to him her or them, knowing that such slave or slaves, or pretended slave or slaves, as shall be so named and described, doth not, or do not in fact belong, at the time of making such return, to him her or them, (except such slave as hereinafter mentioned) every such person or persons so offending shall forfeit for every slave, or pretended slave, -so falsely returned, the sum of one hundred pounds, sterling money, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered in this Island, by any law thereof, the one moiety thereof to be paid into the public treasury of this Island, to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the support of the government of this Island, and the other moiety thereof, to the use of such person as shall inform, sue and prosecute for the same. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to any such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid, m respect of any slave or slaves which he or she shalTprove to have been, at the time of the return, actually employed upon the plantation, or in the service of the asserted owner or owners, claimant or claimants, to whom the same, by such return, were represented to belong, although he or she shall not be able to prove that the property in such slave was such as was stated in the return, except when the prosecutor shall give evidence beyond the falsification of the return, in the point of property, to show that the same was fraudulently or wilfully false.

18. Provided also. That no person shall be liable to any such penalty or forfeiture as last aforesaid, in respect of such slave or slaves, who may have absconded ear as? creted themselves from the service or employ of their respective owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons entitled to rach dove er slaves, or he

out

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 95 /

slaves in the affidavits hereinbefore mentioned, and shall moreover set forth in such return or returns the most faithful and accurate description which, under the •circumstances of the case, can be furnished of such absent or missing slave or slaves, together with a particular statement of the facts and circumstances which prevent the owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or other person or persons from complying with the directions hereinbefore contained, and making such return as hereinbefore required.

19. And be it further enacted, That the certificate of the registrar of slaves of this Island, by him subscribed, certifying any copies or extracts from the books in his office, or die non-registration of any slave or slaves therein, shall be received in all courts, and by all judges in the said Island, as sufficient evidence of the authenticity of such copy or extract, and as sufficient evidence, , of the matters

so certified; saving, nevertheless, to the party or parties against whom such evidence is adduced, the right of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the same, by any inspection of and comparison with the original book or books of registry.

And it is further enacted, That the registrar of slaves of this Island shall receive from the public treasury of this Island, the sum of two hundred pounds current money, for the original primary registration of the slaves within this Island; and one hundred pounds current money for every triennial registration of slaves; and shall take and receive for every search in his registry, the sum of four shillings and sixpence; for every certificate by him given and subscribed, the sum of nine shillings; and for every copy and extract from entries in his registry at the rate of three-pence for every slave therein contained and described to be paid, by the person or persons requiring the same.

, $0. And be it further enacted, That from and after the final closing and authentication of such original registry as aforesaid, on complaint or information, in writing and oath, by any party claiming title to any slave or slaves, as owner, mortgagor, mortgagee, tenant for life or years, claimant in remainder or reversion, or otherwise, or on complaint or information on oath as aforesaid, by any person interested as creditor, by judgment or otherwise, or claiming any other legal or equitable Hen upon or against any slave or slaves, or the owner or owners thereof, that such slave or slaves have been omitted to be returned for registration by the party or parties to be named and described in such complaint or information, in possession of such slave or slaves, and on production of a certificate from the registrar of slaves of this Island, who is hereby required in all such cases, after making due search in his registry, to deliver die same, on payment of the requisite fees by the party or parties requiring any such certificate, that no return appears in his said registry to have been given in by the 'party or parties complained of, of any such slave or slaves as shall be by him of them named and described, it shall thereupon be lawftd to and for the said Governor, lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief of this Island for the time being, and he is hereby empowered and directed to nominate and appoint by summary order some fit or proper person (having due regard to the choice or nomination of the party or parties interested and complaining) to take possession forthwith, as receiver of att such slave or slaves as shall be then unregistered, belonging to or in the possession of any such person or persons, to which any such unregistered slave or slaves may be attached or belonging: provided always, that such receiver so appointed as aforesaid, shall in all cases be subject to the future order of the court 01 Chancery, and shall not only enter into such security as is usually taken in cases of receivership, hut shall aim enter into further security in the sum of five hundred pounds sterling, to render to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief, a full and accurate return of all mch slave or slaves of which he shall take pswmssioiy,* within thirty days after obtaining possession thereof.

---

And the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor or civil Commander in chief, shall adapt such measures as to him shall seem expedient and necessary for effectually enforcing the due and prompt execution of any such order; and all and every justice or justices of the peace acting in and for the said Island, and all and every other His Majesty's subjects, shall be aiding and assisting therein, when directed for that purpose, by any justice of the peace as aforesaid, under end subject to the penalty of twenty pounds current money.

96 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

ST. CHRISTOPHER’S.

21. And be it further enacted, That every such receiver so appointed as aforesaid, shall within thirty days next after obtaining possession of any such slave or slaves, render to the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief, a like full and accurate return thereof, as is hereinbefore required, for the purpose of registration, subject to a penalty of one hundred pounds sterling for every slave who shall be omitted therein; and which return, he the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief, shall direct and authorize the registrar of slaves for the said Island, to register and enrol in the registry book for slaves accordingly.

22. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of September next ensuing, any slave or slaves, not duly registered in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for non-registration, by any of His Majesty's subjects; and the same shall be condemned as forfeited to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the use of the government of this Island, for the purpose of divesting and barring all such property, right, title or interest whatsoever, which before existed or might afterwards be set up or claimed in or to such slave or slaves so prosecuted. And the attorney or solicitor general of this Island for the time being, shall at the instance of any such person or persons, and on production of the certificate of the registrar of slaves of this Island of the non-registration of any such slave or slaves, proceed by information ex officio, in the court of king’s bench and common pleas of the said Island, for condemnation of such slave or slaves, for non-registration thereof; and on filing such information a summons shall issue directed to the provost marshal of said Island, or his lawful deputy, commanding him to summon the owner or owners, or person or persons in possession of, or claiming title to such slave or slaves so unregistered, to appear and answer the said information in the manner as is practised in cases of civil actions within this Island : And if such person or persons so summoned shall neglect to appear and to plead to such information or informations, at the second court after the filing of such information; or if such person or persons shall appear and plead to such information, or after the filing of such information, and a verdict or verdicts shall be given therein against him her or them, or any demurrer or demurrers, or other proceedings therein shall be determined against him her or them, judgment shall be given for condemnation of such slave or slaves as forfeited to His Majesty for the purpose aforesaid: And every person or persons so prosecuting for the non-registration of any slave or slaves, shall, upon condemnation of such slave or slaves as forfeited, be entitled to receive his full costs against the owner or owners, possessor or possessors of such slave or slaves, or such person or persons by whose neglect or default such slave or slaves was or were omitted to be registered.

23. And be it further enacted, That on such prosecution being proceeded in as aforesaid, the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or civil Commander in chief for the time being of this Island, shall make such order and regulations as to him shall seem meet and expedient for the safe custody, disposal, employment and support of any such slave or slaves so prosecuted for non-registration, under the authority of this Act, until final judgment therein shall be given.

---

24. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be finally condemned to His Majesty's use as aforesaid, under the authority of this Act, there shall be paid by the treasurer of this Island, or his lawful deputy, to such person or persons as give information of the non-registration of such slave or slaves as aforesaid, so as td lead to the forfeiture of any such slave or slaves, a bounty of one hundred pounds current money of this Island, for every slave that shall be condemned as aforesaid.

25. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons whosoever shall be guilty of any false and wilful forswearing, in taking any oath under the proceedings of this Act, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person to take any such oath falsely, he or she being thereof duly convicted, shall for every such offence, incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all such persons as shall commit wilful perjury, or wall procure or suborn any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury.

26. And be it further enacted, That all negroes or persons of colour arriving in this Island, and not having been before resident in the same, shall report themselves to the registrar of slaves within three days after their arrival, and produce certificates of their freedom, or give other satisfactory proof thereof; and in default thereof

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

they shall be dealt with according to the laws now in force respecting runaway slaves.

Dated at Saint Christopher, this seventeenth day of May, in the year of bur Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and in the fifty-seventh year of His Majesty's reign.

ST; CHRISTOPHER'S.

Passed the Assembly this thir-]^ f Passed the Council this fifth

teenth day of March one thousand > , day of May one thousand eight

eight hundred and seventeen. J Pe er‘ [hundred and seventeen.

John HazeU, jun. Harper,

Clerk of the Assembly. Clerk in Council.

Thomas (l. s.) Probyn.

Original RETURN of SLAVES. (A.)

Name and Description of Persons malting the Return. Names. Sex. CoIoUT. Reputed Age. Country. Usual Employment.

A. 8. Proprietor A.B. Male, Black. Thirty. Creole of S t. Kitt’s. Field Negro.

C.D. (Attorney of E. F.)1 Proprietor - - -J C.D. Female. Mulatto. Twenty. African, Congo.

G. H. Executor of I. K. - s

Total. t " ,

(Signed) A.B. day of 181

---

Triennial RETURN of SLAVES. (B.)

Name and Description of Persons making the Return. Names. Sex. Colour. Reputed Age. Country. Usual Employment. Number of Slaves last returned. Increase. Decrease.

A.B. Proprietor. A.B. Male. Mulatto. Forty. Creole of St. Kitt's. Carpenter. - . By births. By deaths.

C.D. (Attorney to E.F.) Proprietor. C.D. Female. Black. Twenty. African Gold Coast. Field. - . By purchase from A.B. By sale to A.B.

G. H. Executor. - . - . - . - . - . - . - . - . By manumission.

- . - . - . - . - . - . - . - . - . By desertion.

Total. - . - . - . - . - . - . Total.

(Signed) A.B. _____ day of _____ 181_.

98 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

ST. CHRISTOPHER’S.

Saint Christopher.

Published in the town of Basseterre, on Saturday the seventeenth; and in the towns of Old Road and Sandy Point, on Monday the nineteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Thomas Woodcock, Dep. Pro. Mar.

(A true copy.) Thos. Harper, Colonial Secretary.

TOBAGO.

An ACT to oblige all Persons importing Negroes or other Slaves into this Colony, to produce a Testimonial relative to the Character of such Negroes or other Slaves.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it may happen that persons uninterested in the welfare of this Colony may import into the same negroes or other slaves sold and disposed of, from other Islands and Colonies, such slaves not being of fair and respectable character; And whereas nothing can be more prejudicial to the best interests of this Island than allowing such negroes or other slaves to be imported:

[Clause 1st.]

Be it therefore and it is hereby enacted, by Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects his Excellency Sir Frederick Phillips Robinson, Knight, Commander of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Major General of His Majesty's Forces, Captain General and Governor in chief in and over the Island of Tobago and its Dependencies; and the Council and General Assembly of the same, that hereafter (in addition to the report required by law to be made by the master or commander of any ship or vessel importing any slave or slaves into the Colony, to the collector or principal officer of customs or to the naval officer and to the Governor,) the owner or proprietor, or agent for the proprietor of any slave or slaves imported and intended to be landed in this Island, shall, before the master or commander of such ship or vessel presume to land such slave or slaves, make a report to two justices of the peace, one being of the quorum, of the name, age, sex and description of such slave or slaves so intended to be landed; and shall at the same time take an oath in writing, to be signed by him her or them, (which oath the said justices are hereby empowered to administer,) that such slave or slaves was or were not, and neither of them were sold or purchased as, or known to be, a negro or negroes, or other slaves of bad character, or transported, or ordered to be removed from such Island or Colony for any criminal offence, but that to the best of the deponent's knowledge and belief such slave or slaves was or were esteemed in the Colony or Plantation where, for the space of one year next before the time of such importation, such slave or slaves had resided, a person or persons of good, fair, and reputable character; and shall also in such oath declare how he or she or they became possessed of such slave or slaves, or from whom he purchased such slave or slaves; and having obtained a certificate in writing from the said justices of his having taken the oath hereinbefore directed, and given such certificate to the master of the vessel, such master shall then be at liberty to allow such slave or slaves to be landed, and the owner thereof may proceed to dispose of the slave or slaves in any manner to him seeming most fitting, which said affidavit or testimonial the said justices are hereby required to leave and deposit with the secretary of this Island; but if any master or commander of any ship or vessel shall import and land any slave or slaves without the certificate aforesaid, then he and every person aiding, assisting and abetting in the landing of such slave or slaves, shall be liable and subject to a penalty of one hundred pounds current money of this Island, for each and every negro or other slave illegally imported and landed, and such slave or slaves shall be committed to gaol by order of any two justices of the peace; and the owner of such slave or slaves, or the agent of such owner, and the master or commander of such ship or vessel, shall be liable for all expenses incurred in sending the said slave or slaves from this Island; which expense, together with the aforesaid penalty of one hundred pounds, or more, as the case may be, shall be recovered by warrant, under the hands and seals of two justices of the peace, directed to the provost marshal, or his lawful deputy, in nature of an execution issuing out of the court of common pleas on a judgment obtained therein; and in case the provost marshal or his lawful deputy shall not find sufficient property to satisfy the said warrant, then

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 99

TOBAGO.

the justices aforesaid shall commit the owner or owners of such slave or slaves, or the agent of such owner or owners, or such master or commander of such vessel, to the jail of this Island, until he she or they shall give a sufficient security for the discharge thereof, not exceeding three months, for each negro or other slaves so illegally imported and landed.

[Clause 2d.]

And whereas it may happen that the owner or proprietor of any slave or slaves sent here for sale, may not come with him her or them himself, or may not send any agent, but may consign him her or them to the captain of the vessel, or to some person in this Island; Be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases when the consignee of such slave or slaves shall produce to the aforesaid magistrates a certificate, under the hand and seal of the Governor, Commander in chief, president or chief justice of the court of common pleas of the Colony or Plantation from which such slave or slaves shall be imported, that such Governor, Commander in chief, President, or Chief Justice of such Colony or Plantation knew or had reason to believe that such slave or slaves were persons of good character, and specifying the other particulars required in the oath prescribed by the final clause of this Act; and having obtained from the said magistrates a certificate in writing that he has lodged with them such paper or document, under the hand of such Governor, Commander in chief, President or Chief Justice; and having given such certificate to the master or commander of the vessel, it shall be lawful for the master or commander to land such slave or slaves, and for such consignee to proceed to dispose of such slave or slaves in any manner that to him shall seem most fitting: And if he shall land any slave or slaves without the certificate aforesaid, then he shall be punished in the manner prescribed by the first clause of this Act, and the justices are hereby required to leave and deposit such testimonial or certificate as aforesaid with the secretary of the Island.

[Clause 3d.]

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, when an oath is prescribed by this Act, shall in such case swear falsely, he or they shall be subject to the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury by the law of England; and if any person or persons shall be guilty of forging any certificate purporting to be under the hand and seal of any Governor, Commander in chief, President, or Chief Justice of any Colony or Plantation, on conviction thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of felony within benefit of clergy.

Passed the House of Gen1 Assembly, the twenty-third day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) E. Piggott, Speaker of the House of Genl Assembly.

(Signed) James Wilcock, Clerk of the House of Genl Assembly.

John Robley, President of the Council.

Passed the Council the twenty-third January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) Samuel Hall, Clerk of the Council.

Assented to this fourteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) F. P. Robinson, Governor.

Duly proclaimed by me this twenty-sixth day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) John Barnes, D.P.M.

VIRGIN ISLANDS — TORTOLA.

An ACT for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Virgin Islands.

WHEREAS it is deemed expedient that an original registry of all the negro and other slaves within the Virgin Islands, shall be made, for the purpose of ascertaining the number, and identifying the persons of such slaves, and that in order to ascertain their progressive increase and decrease, periodical returns and registration be from time to time subsequently taken and made : And whereas the same will be the more effectually accomplished, by means of establishing a public registry, and fixing the manner in which returns of slaves shall be taken, and stated times for taking the same: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Captain General and

100 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

TORTOLA.

Governor in chief of your Majesty's Islands of St. Christopher, Nevis, Anguilla, and the Virgin Islands, and the Council and Assembly of the said Virgin Islands, do pray Your Most sacred Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Clause 1st.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be established in the road town of Tortola, a public registry for the registration and enrolment, in manner hereinafter directed, of the names and descriptions of all negro, mulatto, or other slaves who, at the time of the publication of this Act, or at any future period, shall be within the Virgin Islands: And that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his heirs and successors, or for the Governor or Commander in chief of St. Christopher, Nevis, Anguilla, and the Virgin Islands, by letters patent under the seal of the said government, to appoint from time to time, and at all times hereafter, a fit and proper person to discharge the duties annexed to the said office; and that the person and persons so to be appointed registrar, shall reside within the Island of Tortola, and shall not be at liberty to depart from thence, and remain for any longer space of time than ten days, without having previously obtained a licence or permission for that purpose from the Governor or Commander in Chief of the said government for the time being.

[Clause 2d.]

And be it further enacted, That the person so to be appointed, shall provide the necessary books, strongly and durably bound, for the purpose of such registry and enrolment, and shall therein enter and register as hereinafter directed, the names and descriptions of all the slaves in the Virgin Islands.

[Clause 3d.]

And be it further enacted, That on or before the expiration of ninety days next after the publication of this Act, every person who shall be resident in the Virgin Islands, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, either as owner, renter, parent, trustee, guardian, executor, administrator, agent, attorney, manager or receiver in chancery, or in any other right, character or capacity whatever, shall respectively make and deliver in, or cause to be made and delivered in to the said Registrar or his lawful deputy, at his office in the Road Town of Tortola, to be recorded, a list in writing in the form of the schedule hereunto annexed, and marked with the letter (A.) containing the names, sexes, country, or part of the world: of which they are natives, colour, and reputed ages of all such negro and other slaves, mentioning at bottom in words at length, the total number of males and females; which list or return shall be subscribed by the person making the same.

[Clause 4th.]

And be it further enacted, That every person making and subscribing any and every such schedule or return, shall, previous to the delivery of the same to the said registrar or his lawful deputy, make and subscribe the following oath, either before the said registrar, who is hereby authorized to administer the same, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Islands, such oath to be annexed to the said return, and certified by the person before whom the same shall be sworn.

"I, A.B. Do hereby make oath, [or, if a Quaker, affirm,] That the above list or schedule signed by me, and intended to be delivered to the Registrar of Slaves of these Islands, for registration, in compliance with an Act, intituled, "An Act for establishing a registry of negro and other slaves in the Virgin Islands," contains a just, true and full account and return, in all respects, of all the negro and other slaves belonging to or in the lawful possession of _____ either as renter, parent, trustee, guardian, executor, administrator, agent, attorney,manager, or receiver in chancery, or in any other right, character or capacity whatever, within the said Virgin Islands; and that the said return is made to the best of my knowledge and belief."

"So help me GOD."

[Clause 5th.]

And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such returns or schedules as aforesaid shall have been duly made and received by the said registrar, he shall proceed to register and copy the same with all convenient speed, in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a proper book or set of bodes to be kept by him, precisely conformable to the said returns, which returns shall then be filed.

[Clause 6th.]

And be it further enacted, That no erasure shall on any pretence, or for any cause whatsoever, be at any time made in any of the said books of registry; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular therein, so that the same shall differ from the name, description or particular contained

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 101

TORTOLA.

in the schedule or return from which the same was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping the said books of registry, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible, and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted shall either be interlined or written in the margin, and always, when practicable, by the same hand as the rest of the list or entry; and the registrar shall either under such word or words, or under a mark of reference there made to any interlineation, subscribe his name at length; but after the registry of original return of slaves shall have been completed and certified upon oath as hereinafter directed, no interlineation, insertion, or other correction of the registry of any such original return, shall on any account be made or permitted, except as hereinafter expressly provided.

[Clause 7th.]

And be it further enacted, That an office copy, certified by the registrar, of the registered list or schedule of slaves belonging to any plantation, or to any particular owner or owners, shall, after the registering thereof, if required by the owner or owners, claimant or claimants, or party or parties who made the return of such list or schedule, be made and delivered to him her or them by the said registrar; and all persons shall have free liberty to inspect the said register books in the presence of the registrar or his assistant, for the purpose of ascertaining that all returns and lists or schedules by them or on their behalf delivered, have been accurately registered in manner aforesaid.

[Clause 8th.]

And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the original returns or schedules to be delivered to the registrar of the said Virgin Islands pursuant to this Act, shall have been received and registered as aforesaid, the registrar shall give notice thereof forthwith to the Governor or civil Commander in chief for the time being, or in case of his absence from the Virgin Islands, to the President of His Majesty's Council for the said Islands; and such Governor or civil Commander in chief, or President, shall thereupon notify to the inhabitants of the said Virgin Islands, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is then really to be verified before him, but that the same will be kept open at the proper office for the inspection of all persons who shall have made returns of slaves for insertion therein, or who are desirous of such inspection, for the term of ninety days from the date of such notification, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied as to the accuracy of the said registry; and also that if any owners or possessors of slaves within or belonging to the said Virgin Islands, shall from any accidental or unavoidable impediment, until that time have omitted to return full and proper schedules or lists of their slaves unto the said registrar as by this Act required, they must immediately apply to the said Governor or civil Commander in chief, or in his absence the President of the Council of the Virgin Islands, who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission had not been wilful, is hereby empowered to make an order to the registrar for the admission and registration or correction of their returns or schedules, and which order the registrar is required to obey, so as every such new or corrected return may be registered in the said books in manner aforesaid, before the end of the said term of ninety days last before mentioned.

[Clause 9th.]

And be it further enacted, That at the end of the said last-mentioned term of ninety days, the registrar shall proceed finally to close and authenticate the primary or original registration of all the slaves in the said Virgin Islands, which shall thenceforth be called the "Original Registry of Slaves of the Virgin Islands," in manner following; (to wit) in the said book, or in the last of any set or the said books, the said registrar shall write with his own hand in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves for the Virgin Islands, either on the same folio or page, or on the back of the last leaf containing the same, "Here ends: the original Registry of Slaves for the Virgin Islands;" and the said registrar shall thereto subscribe his name and affix his seal of office, and below the said signature shall be written in like characters by the said registrar, the following affidavit:

"Before A.B. [inserting the name of the Governor or civil Commander in chief, or, in his absence from the Virgin Islands, the name-of the President of His Majesty's Council for the said Islands,] personally appeared C.D. [ naming himself] the Registrar of Slaves for the Virgin Islands,

102 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

who being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God, maketh oath and sayeth, That he the said C.D. hath carefully examined and compared all the preceding entries in this book [or, in this set of books,] contained in pages, with all the different Returns of Slaves delivered to him, or, to his knowledge and belief, to any deputy, clerk or assistant by him appointed, and that he is enabled thereby to depose, and doth depose, that the preceding original Registry of Slaves of the Virgin Islands, is in all respects correct and faithfully made."

Which Affidavit being subscribed by the said Registrar, shall be sworn to before the said Governor or civil Commander in chief, or, in his absence, the said President, who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand and seal;

"I, A.B, [inserting his name and title of office] Do hereby certify, That the above Affidavit was duly sworn to before me, this _____ day of _____ one thousand eight hundred and _____. Witness my hand and seal."

[Clause 10th.]

And be it also enacted, That within sixty days after the expiration of three years, to be computed from the time when such original registry shall be completed and authenticated as aforesaid, and within sixty days after every succeeding period of three years in times to come, every person residing in the Virgin Islands, who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the said Islands, either as owner, renter, parent, trustee, guardian, executor, administrator, agent, attorney, manager or receiver in Chancery, or in any other right, character or capacity whatever, shall make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered to the said registrar, or his lawful deputy, at his office in the Road Town of Tortola, an account or return in writing, in the form of the annexed schedule marked (B.) of all the increase and additions to the former stock of slaves belonging to him her or them, or in his her or their possession, whether by birth, purchase, return of fugitive or absent slaves, or by any other lawful ways and means whatsoever; and shall also make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered to the said registrar, or his lawful deputy, at his said office, another account or return in writing, m the form of the schedule hereunto annexed marked with the letter (C.) of all the decrease and deductions from the former number of slaves which did belong to him her or them, or were in his her or their possession, whether by death, sale, transfer, manumission or otherwise, within the period commencing on the day of the date of his her or their return or returns then before last made np, to the time of making the said returns by this clause prescribed : Provided always, That where an increase of the number shall have taken place without any decrease of the former stock, it shall only be necessary to make a return in the form of the schedule (B.) inserting below, "No decrease of the former stock of slaves hath taken place since the last Return." And where a decrease of the former stock shall have taken place without any additions thereto, it shall then only be necessary to make a return in the form of the schedule marked (C.) writing below, "No additions to the former number of slaves have taken place since the last Return." And when by the death of the owner or owners, or from any other cause, there shall have been, within the period to which such returns relate, any change of property in or possession of any slave or slaves from the owner or owners, possessor or possessors, under whose name or names such slave or slaves was or were previously registered, to any other owner or owners, possessor or possessors, such change of property of possession shall also be mentioned in the said periodical returns; and such returns shall also state in words at length, the whole number of male and female slaves then belonging to or possessed by the person or persons mentioned therein, and shall be subscribed by the person making the same; but when there shall have been no alteration since the return then last before made in the number or description of the slaves belonging to or possessed by the person for whom the return is made, or in the property thereof, it shall be sufficient to state the total number of slaves, male and female, and to add, "No alteration required by law to be specified, hath taken place since the last Return."

[Clause 11th.]

And be it further enacted, That every person making and subscribing any such returns or return, shall take the following oath before the said registrar, who is hereby authorized to administer the same, or any one of His Majesty's justices of the peace for the Virgin Islands.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 103

TORTOLA.

"I, A.B. do solemnly Swear, [or, if a Quaker, doth affirm,] That the contents of the return or returns [as the case may be] now by me made, are true and that the same contains [or, contain] to the best of my knowledge and belief, a full, fair and correct account of all additions to or deductions from the number of slaves belonging to or possessed by me and being within the Virgin Islands, whether by birth, purchase, return of fugitive or absent slaves, death, sale, transfer, manumission, or otherwise, since the original registration thereof, [or, from the date of his her or their, or my last return, as the case may be, up to the present day] and of the whole number of slaves now actually belonging to him her or them, or me, or in his her their or my lawful possession, the case may be.]

"So help me GOD."

[Clause 12th.]

And be it further enacted, That the said registrar shall from time to time deliver gratis to every person who shall apply for the same, printed blanks according to the forms prescribed in the schedules to this Act annexed, for the purpose of being filled up, and returned as hereinafter directed.

[Clause 13th.]

And be it also enacted, That any justice of the peace who shall certify any affidavit or affidavits, as sworn to before him by any person or persons within these Islands, of any return or returns of slaves to be inserted in the original registry hereinbefore mentioned, or of any returns of the increase and decrease of slaves to be subsequently registered in pursuance of the requisitions of this Act, shall at the expiration of the respective times limited for swearing persons to such returns, attend Before the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, or in case of his absence from the Virgin Islands the President of His Majesty's council for the said Islands, and make oath that all such affidavits by him certified, were duly sworn to before him by the person or persons subscribing the same, a certificate whereof under the hand of the said Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, or President of His Majesty's council, shall be delivered to the registrar, to be by him filed with the said returns.

[Clause 14th.]

And be it further enacted, That if any person who by this Acts is directed to make and deliver a return of the slaves in his or her possession for registration as aforesaid, shall wilfully omit or neglect to do so, whereby such slave or slaves shall be omitted to be duly registered in the original or any subsequent registry pursuant to this Act, every such person so offending, shall forfeit for every slave omitted to be registered as aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter directed; and in case the party so offending shall have possession of any such slave or slaves omitted to be registered as aforesaid, in the capacity of mortgagee, trustee, attorney, or manager for any other or others, or in any other right or character whatever, such person shall not only forfeit for every slave omitted to be registered as aforesaid, the said sum of one hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter stated, but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every the person or persons who shall or may sustain any damage or injury by any such omission as aforesaid, and who besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall be entitled to recover against the party offending double costs of suit.

[Clause 15th.]

And whereas it may happen in some instances, that owners or possessors of slaves within the Virgin Islands, at the time of the said first or original registration, or of any subsequent registration, may from accident or some unavoidable impediment omit to return the same for registration within the times herein respectively limited for that purpose, or that persons in possession of slaves not their own absolute property, may wilfully or negligently make such omissions, without the concurrence or consent of the absent owners or persons interested in such slaves: Be it therefore further enacted, That if any owner or owners, possessor or possessors of slaves within the Virgin Islands, shall at the expiration of the time last hereinbefore limited for such returns to be made, and for such original or subsequent registration to be completed, or at the time or times limited for the conclusion or completion of any subsequent registration, have omitted to make the returns required by this Act of any such slave or slaves, and if such owner or owners, possessor or possessors, or any other person or persons who at the time of such omission, was or shall have since become the owners or possessors, whether in his own right or in the right of any other person or

104 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

TORTOLA.

persons, of any slave or slaves so omitted to be returned, shall previous to the time prescribed for making his her or their return next after any such omission or default shall have happened, apply to the Governor or civil Commander in chief of the Virgin Islands, or in his absence the President of the Council of the Virgin Islands, and prove to his satisfaction that such omission was not wilful, but arose from some specified accident, or other unavoidable impediment, or from the neglect or default of some person or persons other than the owner or owners of the said slave or slaves, or from some other cause which may appear to the said Governor or civil Commander in chief, or in his absence, the President of the Council of the Virgin Islands, as a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the said party, it shall be lawful for the said Governor or civil Commander in Chief, or in his absence the President of the Council of the Virgin Islands, to order that such party or parties shall, on making his or their return next after such omission or default, to the said registrar, be at liberty to insert the names and descriptions, and all other particulars hereinbefore required, of and relating to all and every slave or slaves, the subject of any such former omission or default; and also in such return, such account as hereinbefore directed, of all additions to or deductions from the stock of slaves, in respect of which such return is made, which shall have occurred from the time of such omission up to the date of the said return, and such return, when duly made and registered, together with the cause of the former omission or default, and the date of the order for supplying the same, which shall be certified and signed by the said registrar, on the registry of such return in the proper book, shall from thenceforth be, deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual for all the purposes of this Act, as if the matters therein contained had been duly returned and registered at the proper period.

Clause 16th.

And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons making any such original or subsequent return of slaves as aforesaid, in the Virgin Islands shall falsely and wilfully insert therein any name or names, description or descriptions of any slave or slaves belonging to or in the possession of him her or them, or any other person, or shall insert therein the names and descriptions of any pretended slave or slaves who doth not or do not in fact belong, at the time of making such return, to him her or them (except such slaves as hereinafter mentioned) every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave or pretended slave so falsely returned the sum of one hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter directed: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to any such penalty in respect of any slave or slaves, which he or she shall prove to have been at the time of the return actually employed upon the plantation, or in the service of the asserted owner or owners, claimant or claimants to whom the same were represented by such return to belong, although he or she shall not be able to prove that the property in such slave or slaves was as was stated in the return, except when the prosecutor shall give evidence beyond the falsification of the return in point of property, to shew that the same was fraudulent or wilfully false.

Clause 17th.

And be it further enacted, That before the said registrar shall enter on the functions of his office, he shall take the following Oath, before the President in Council, who is hereby required to administer the same:

"I, A.B. do solemnly promise and Swear, That I will not receive any return of slaves to be inserted in the Registry of Slaves for these Islands, without duly swearing the person making the same to the truth thereof, unless such return shall, by the certificate of a justice of peace of these Islands, appear to have been previously sworn to; and that I will not knowingly or wilfully make or permit, or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry, erasure or obliteration in the registry of slaves to be committed to my charge; but if any such false or fraudulent act shall become known to me, will immediately give notice thereof to the Governor or civil Commander in chief of the Virgin Islands, or in his absence to the President of the Council, and will in all respects faithfully and uprightly perform the duties of the office of Keeper of the Registry of Slaves for these Islands."

"So help me GOD."

Clause 18th.

And be it further enacted, That if any registrar shall in the exercise of his said office, refuse or wilfully neglect to receive for registration any return, or to make

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 105

TORTOLA

any entry which he ought to make, according to the directions in this Act; or shall knowingly or wilfully, contrary to the said directions, or to the true intent and meaning of this Act, receive for registration any return, or make or cause or suffer to be made any entry which ought not to be so made; or in case any registrar shall wilfully make or knowingly permit or suffer to be made any false or fraudulent entry in the books of registry in his office, or either of them, or in any of the said accounts or abstracts hereby directed to be made out; or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered any entry which shall have been duly made in the said book or books of registry, the send registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence, not only be liable to all such pains and penalties as ought by law to be inflicted on persons convicted of forgery, or fraudulently altering public records, but shall for ever forfeit his said office, and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person and persons who shall sustain any damage or injury by any such offence, who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall recover against such registrar double costs of suit; and if any deputy, assistant, or clerk of any registrar shall commit or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed any such offence as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof, be subject to the like pains and penalties; and if any other person or persons shall wilfully make or cause to be made any fraudulent entry or erasure in the aforesaid books of registry or returns, or either of them, every such person or persons, on conviction thereof, shall be liable to the pains and penalties inflicted by law upon persons convicted of fraudulently altering public records, and shall furthermore forfeit for every such offence the sum of five hundred pounds sterling money, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter directed, and shall be moreover liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person or persons who shall have sustained any damage or injury by such offence, who, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, shall be entitled to recover against such person so offending double costs of suit.

[Clause 19th.]

And be it further enacted, That a certificate subscribed by the registrar of slaves of the Virgin Islands, or in case of his absence from the government with leave by his lawful deputy, certifying any copies or extracts from the books in the office, or the non-registration of any slave or slaves therein, shall be received in all courts, and by all judges, magistrates, and other persons in authority in the said Virgin Islands as sufficient evidence of the authenticity of such copy or extract, and a sufficient evidence prima facie of the matter so certified; saving nevertheless to the party or parties against whom such evidence is adduced the right of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the Same, by an inspection of and comparison with the original book or books of registry.

[Clause 20th.]

And be it further enacted, That the said registrar shall, for his trouble of receiving and filing the aforesaid lists and returns so delivered in to him, and for transcribing the same into the necessary book or books as hereinbefore directed, and for giving one certified copy thereof, if required, be entitled to demand and receive from the public treasury of the said Virgin Islands, for the first year of such returns, the sum of one hundred pounds, gold or silver money, and for every subsequent year, the snm of sixty-six pounds like money, and shall likewise receive payment from the said treasury for the books and blank forms he is by this Act directed to provide.

[Clause 21st.]

And be it farther enacted, That from nine o'clock in the morning until three in the afternoon every person may have access to the book or books so kept in the said registrar’s office, and that the said registrar shall be entitled to demand and receive for every search, from the person making the same, the sum of three shillings, and shall, upon request being made by any person, within ten days after such request, deliver to such person a copy or copies of any such List or Schedule by him required, which shall be duly certified as a true copy, and for which the said registrar shall be entitled to receive from the person so requesting at the rate of two killings for every ninety words, and six shillings for each certificate; and in case the said registrar shall omit or neglect any of the duties imposed on him by this Act, or shall take any larger or more fee or fees than are therein prescribed, he shall forfeit, on conviction of every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling.

106 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

TORTOLA.

[Clause 22d.]

And be it further enacted, That in every action or suit which may be hereafter brought for the purpose of establishing the right of freedom in any negro or coloured person claimed as a slave by any inhabitant or proprietor of property in the Virgin Islands, a certificate of such registrar as aforesaid, shall in the first place be exhibited, or the original book or books be produced, or their non-production accounted for, to the satisfaction of the court before whom the said action or suit shall be tried; and in case the said certificate shall not be produced, or the said original book or books produced with the name and description of such person, respecting whom the question of freedom shall arise, inserted therein as a slave, or the nonproduction of the same accounted for to the satisfaction of the said court, the person or persons concerning whom, such action or suit shall arise, shall henceforth be reputed free.

[Clause 23d.]

And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, or in his absence, the President of the council of the Virgin Islands, that any slave or slaves has or have been omitted to be returned for registration in the original registry, or any triennial registry hereinbefore directed to be made, without any actual neglect or wilful default of the owner or possessor, or owners or possessors thereof, or that any slave or slaves, although duly returned for registration, has or have been omitted to be registered, through the negligence, inadvertency, or oversight of the registrar or his deputy, clerks or assistants, then and in either of such cases or events, it shall mid may be lawful for the said Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit any penalty or penalties which may have been so incurred by reason of any such omission or default.

[Clause 24th.]

And whereas it is essential to the security and stability of West Indian property, that some precaution should be taken against the emigration of fugitive slaves from one Island to another, where their names being unregistered, they may acquire a virtual emancipation: Be it therefore further enacted, That every negro or person of colour, who shall at any time after the publication of this Act, arrive in the Virgin Islands, pretending to be free, but not being provided with any regular deed or instrument of manumission, shall, within the space of three days after his or her arrival, not having been before a resident and reputed free person in these Islands, appear before the Governor, Commander in chief for the time being, or President of His Majesty's Council of these Islands, and produce to him a certificate of his or her reputed freedom, under the hand and seal of the Governor, Commander in chief for the time being, or President of His Majesty's Council of some other British Colony in the West Indies, or other satisfactory proof of his or her freedom, under the penalty of fifty pounds, current gold and silver money of the said Virgin Islands, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned; and unless and until every or any such negro or person of colour, who shall have so arrived, shall be in possession of, or obtain such certificate or proof as is above required, he or she shall be and remain subject to every law or regulation which shall be in force in the said Virgin Islands, in any manner relating to slaves : Provided always, That nothing in this clause contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to any negroes or persons of colour who have heretofore been or shall hereafter be born free within the said Virgin Islands, or who have been generally hitherto reputed to be free therein.

[Clause 25th.]

And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons whomsoever shall be guilty of any false or wilful forswearing, in taking any oath under the proceedings of this Act, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person to take Any such oath falsely, he or she being thereof duly convicted, shall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law on all such persons as shall commit wilful perjury or subornation of perjury.

[Clause 26th.]

And be it enacted, That all penalties imposed by this Act be appropriated as follows: one half to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be applied to the public use of these Islands, the other half to him who shall inform and sue for the same, and may be sued for and recovered in a summary way, by complaint or information in writing, before any magistrate, who, upon such complaint or information lodged, shall summon the party complained of, and also the witnesses, to appear before him and two other justices, one whereof shall be a judge of the court of common pleas, and on due proof made, either by confession or on the oath of one

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 107

TORTOLA.

credible witness, may give judgment thereon; and if the said, penalty be not immediately paid or secured to the satisfaction of the said justices, they may issue their warrant to distrain the offender's goods mid chattels, which, if not redeemed in ten days, and the expenses of the distress paid, shall be publicly sold by the provost marshal or his lawful deputy; and the amount of such distress and expense, and also all costs of the said sale, deducted therefrom, and the overplus (if any) paid over to the person whose goods were distrained; and if sufficient distress cannot be found, the said justices may commit the offender to the common gaol of these Islands for the space of sixty days, unless the said penalties and expenses be sooner paid: Provided always, if any person shall feel himself aggrieved by any such conviction, such person may, on giving notice to the justices at the time thereof, of his her or their intention to do so, appeal to the Governor or civil Commander in chief of these Islands, who may, hear and determine the same in a summary way, and his decision of such appeal shall be final.

Dated at St. Christopher's, the twenty-second day of November, in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith; and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Passed the House of Assembly, the sixth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Passed the Board of Council, the eighteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Mark D. French, Speaker.

(Signed) Jno Allen, Acting Clerk.

(Signed) Wm . N. Allen, Clerk of Council.

(Signed) Thos (Great Seal.) Probyn.

Virgin islands, Tortola. SCHEDULE (a.)

A LIST and RETURN of all the Negro and other Slaves, now resident and belonging to, or in the lawful possession of, _____.

Given in by me, this _____ day _____ of one thousand eight hundred and _____.

No. Names. Sex. Country or part of the World of which they are Natives. Colour. Reputed Age.

108 4. FURTHER PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

TORTOLA.

Virgin islands, Tortola. SCHEDULE (B.)

A LIST and RETURN of all the Additions to the original Stock of Slaves resident _____ and belonging to _____ or in the lawful possession of _____ whether by birth, purchase, return of fugitive or absent Slaves, or otherwise, since the last Returnf

Given in by me, this _____ day of _____ one thousand eight hundred and _____

No. Names. Sex. Country or part of the world of which they are Natives. Colour. Reputed Age. By birth, purchase or return, and if purchased, of whom.

Virgin islands, Tortola. SCHEDULE (C.)

A LIST and RETURN of all Deductions from the original Stock of Slaves resident _____ and belonging to _____ or in the lawful possession of _____ whether by Death, Sale, Manumission, absconding or otherwise, since the last Return.

Given in by me, this day _____ of _____ one thousand eight hundred and _____

No. on original List, or subsequent Return. Name. Dead, manumitted, sold or absconded. If sold, to whom. Colour. Sate of Sale, &c.

