PAPERS

RELATING TO THE TREATMENT

OF

SLAVES IN THE COLONIES:

VIZ.

COLONIAL ACTS

OF

BERBICE, DOMINICA, GRENADA, NEVIS, AND TOBAGO:

1818.

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 7 June 1819.

PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

RETURN to an Address from the Honourable House of Commons, to His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, dated 7 April 1819; - for

COPIES OF ALL LAWS passed in or for any British Colonies, since the year 1812, and not already presented to this House, in consequence of certain Addresses ordered on the 22d day of April 1818 to be presented to His Royal Highness, respecting the condition and treatment of Slaves, or the prevention of the illicit importation of Slaves, and also respecting the condition of the free coloured Population: And also Copies or Extracts of all Acts passed in furtherance of the objects of an Address of this House, of the 19th day of June 1816, that His Royal Highness would be pleased to recommend in the strongest manner, to the local authorities in the respective Colonies, to carry into effect any measure which may tend to promote the moral and religious improvement, as well as the comfort and happiness of the Negroes.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 3

BERBICE:

AN ACT passed by the Governor and Council of Berbice, for the Registration of the Slave Population within the Colony. - 3 December 1818 - p. 5.

DOMINICA:

AN ACT for regulating the government and conduct of Slaves, and for their more effectual protection, encouragement, and the general amelioration of their condition. - 22 April 1818. - p. 14.

AN ACT for providing a Curate to promote religious instruction among the Slaves in the several parishes in this island. - 28 July 1818 - p. 22.

AN ACT to amend an Act of this island, intituled, “An Act for the more effectual apprehending of runaway Slaves, and to oblige the provost-marshal of this island to receive into his custody, in the common gaol, all runaway slaves, and to advertise them in the newspaper of the island; and if not claimed within a limited time, to oblige him to sell them for the public benefit; for appointing a committee of the Council and Assembly to inspect the common gaol from time to time; and for other the purposes in this Act mentioned.” - 28 July 1818 - p. 23.

GRENADA:

AN ACT to repeal so much and such parts of an Act, intituled, “An Act for the better protection, and for promoting the natural increase and population of Slaves within the island of Grenada, and such of the Grenadines as are annexed to the government thereof; for compelling an adequate provision for and care of them, as well in sickness and old age as in health; and for constituting and appointing guardians, to effectuate and carry into execution the regulations and purposes of this Act, as relate to or direct the payment of 100l. on the manumitting of each Slave; and to the execution, in any other place than within this government, of deeds of manumission of persons usually residing therein.” - 23 July 1818 - p. 24.

AN ACT for the relief of persons manumitted by last will and testament, or thereby directed to be manumitted. - 23 May 1818 - p. 25.

AN ACT to amend an Act, intituled, “An Act for establishing a registry of Negro and other Slaves in the island of Grenada and its dependencies.” - 14 November 1818 - p. 27.

NEVIS:

AN ACT further to extend the provisions of a certain Act of the General Council and Assembly of the Leeward Islands, intituled, “An Act more effectually to provide for the support, and to extend certain regulations for the protection of Slaves; to promote and encourage their increase, and generally to meliorate their condition in the island of Nevis.” - 14 May 1818 - p. 29.

4 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

TOBAGO.

AN ACT to amend an Act, intituled, “An Act to establish a public registry of all Slaves in the Colony of Tobago.” - 4 August 1818 - p. 31.

AN ACT to regulate the conduct, and to fix the value of the labour, of Negroes acting as porters and labourers, in the towns of Scarborough and Plymouth. - 4 August 1818 - p. 32.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 5

COLONIAL ACTS.

BERBICE

AN ACT passed by the Governor and Council of Berbice, for the Registration of the Slave Population within the Colony. - 3 Dec. 1818.

WHEREAS for the purpose of giving efficacy to the Acts of His Majesty now in force, - the 46th Geo. III. c.52, for the prevention of illicit importation of slaves by any of His Majesty’s subjects, into the colonies or territories of foreign states or powers, or into the settlements, islands, colonies or plantations on the continent of America, or the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's arms during the late war; the 47th Geo. III. c.36, for the abolition of the African slave trade; the 51st Geo. III. c.23, for rendering the said last mentioned Act more effectual for the purposes in the said Act declared; and 53d Geo. III. c.112, for enlarging the time for commencing prosecutions for forfeitures under the same: And although the Governor and Council were fully satisfied that no illicit importation of slaves had been carried on within the Colony, nor any attempt at the same at any time been made; yet to obviate all doubts, which might be injuriously, but erroneously entertained by certain classes of His Majesty’s subjects in Great Britain or elsewhere, or by foreign potentates or powers, or the subjects thereof, that the aforesaid Acts of His Majesty, or any of them, might be infringed, or liable to be infringed by any of His Majesty’s subjects, inhabitants or residents in this Colony, by the unlawful importation of slaves into the same, contrary to the intent, meaning, or provisions of the said Acts, to which the return of peace was supposed to lend particular facilities: And none of His Majesty’s subjects are more ready and anxious to promote and carry into effect the laws of the parent state, or to devise measures for enforcing the provisions of the same, than His Majesty’s colonists of Berbice: His Excellency Lieutenant Governor H. W. Bentinck, president of, and in conjunction with the honourable the Council of Government of the said Colony, by law established, considering that a more exact specification, registration, and periodical return of the slaves within the Colony, might be conducive to the said desirable object, did make, ordain, and publish on the third day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act for such purpose: And whereas such Act, although found to have in a great degree answered the beneficial end for which it was framed, yet appears to be deficient of many provisions necessary to the effectual establishment of a registry: And his Excellency the Governor, and the honourable the Council of Government, being desirous to render the registry of Slaves in Berbice in every respect complete and satisfactory; have, on a revision of the aforesaid Act of September the third one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, deemed it expedient to repeal the same, and it is hereby repealed accordingly; and in place and stead thereof to enact, and it is hereby enacted, -

Sect. 1. That between the first day of the month of January, and the first day of the month of March one thousand eight hundred and nineteen next ensuing, every person who shall then be resident within the Colony, and who shall, on and up to the said first day of January, be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator, receiver, guardian, lessee, attorney, or whatever other name or title he may hold the same, shall respectively make and deliver upon oath to the registrar hereafter to be named and appointed, such schedule, lists, and particulars in writing, as are hereafter mentioned; that is to say, every person in possession of any slave or slaves as aforesaid, shall so make and return a schedule or list in writing, therein specifying, in the first place, his or her own name and description, and the name and description of such other person or persons, being the owner or owners of such slave or slaves, on whose behalf the return is made, together with the name of the plantation, if any, to which such slave is attached, and the right or character in which the party making such return, holds possession of and claims title to such slave or slaves, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator, receiver, attorney, executor, administrator, guardian, or otherwise; and after such description as aforesaid, shall proceed to name,

6 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BERBICE.

---

describe, and enumerate distinctly, the several negroes, mulatto or other slaves, belonging to the said owner or owners, in manner following; that is to say, the schedule or paper containing the said list, shall, in conformity with the annexed form thereof No. 1, be divided into eight perpendicular columns of convenient breadth, respectively entitled at the heads thereof, “Name; Sex; Age; Colour, viz. Black, Yellow Skin, Mulatto, Mustie; Employment; Place of Birth; Conspicuous natural marks; Remarks tending further to identify and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name of each slave, by which he or she has been usually called or known; in the second column shall be inserted the sex of each slave; in the third column shall be inserted the age of each slave, so far as the same is known or apparent; in the fourth column shall be inserted the different varieties of colour in each slave, as the same are specified therein; in the fifth column shall be inserted the usual occupation, trade or employment of each slave; in the sixth column shall be insetted the place of birth of each slave, as the same is subdivided in the schedule; in the seventh column shall be inserted any conspicuous natural mark about the person of any slave, which may serve to distinguish such slave from others; and in the eighth column shall be inserted general remarks, setting forth any accidental circumstances which may tend further to identify a slave: and w here proprietors, managers, attornies, or other representatives, are ow ners of, or acting for more than one estate or plantation, then that such proprietors, managers, attornies, or other representatives, shall make a separate and distinct return, after the manner and in the form mentioned above, for every separate estate or plantation so held or represented by them.

Sect. 2. That on the first day of January, in every third following year, after the first general return above ordered, all persons as above specified, shall give in and return a new list or schedule of the slaves then in their possession, in their respective qualities aforesaid, in conformity with the Schedule No. 2. annexed to this Act; which schedule shall, immediately after the name and description of the person or persons making the return, set forth the total number, in words at length, of the slaves contained in the preceding return, and shall then proceed to give an account of all additions to, or deductions from the same, whether happening by birth, purchase, death, sale, or otherwise, within the three years next preceding since the last returns were made, specifying the date, name, and registered description, &c. of every slave so added or taken away, with the names of the vender or purchaser, if the same has happened by sale or purchase; and if any decrease of the said number has been occasioned by death, that besides the name and description of every such slave being particularised in conformity to the schedule, there shall be Produced in support thereof, the certificate of a medical practitioner, stating the death, and the nature and causes thereof: And further it is hereby enacted, for the better prevention of alterations or erasures in the said returns, that the Whole number of slavfes contained in every schedule to be returned as above directed, shall be inserted at the bottom thereof, in words at length.

Sect. 3. And whereas there may be places and occasions in which medical certificates of the death of slaves, as above directed, cannot be obtained; it is hereby enacted, that in case it shall not be possible to obtain a certificate in such form, it shall be sufficient to produce a certificate from two respectable persons to the like effect, the party required to produce such certificate being obliged to prove, at the same time, the cause of his inability to procure such medical certificate under tender of oath, and the impossibility of obtaining such medical certificate to be proved upon affidavit in writing, to be made before and to the satisfaction of the registrar, at the time of making of any such registration as may be required to be made thereupon: Or further, if it should happen, Us it sometimes may, in particular cases of death under peculiar, local, or other circumstances, that it is impracticable to obtain either of the certificates ubove mentioned, then and in every such case, some other proof equally strong and satisfactory, or the best which the nature and incidents of the case can afford, must be produced in support thereof; the person offering such proof, to verify by oath the circumstances Which put it out of his or her power to procure one or other of the certificates as above directed.

Sect. 4. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person making any and every such schedule and return, shall, at the time of delivering the same to the registrar, take the following oath, which the said registrar is hereby empowered ana required to administer, under the penalty of six thousand guilders, Holland’s currency, (that is to say):-

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 7

“ You do Swear, That the List or Schedule now given in by you, contains a “ true and exact account and description, according to the several particulars 'w “ therein specified, of all the slaves now attached or belonging to the piantation called in or now belonging to you, or

“ in your possession [if any owner] or now belonging to, or in the possession “ of [name the oivner or possessor] within this Colony; and that the same “ is not excessive in any particular, according to the best of your knowledge,

“ information, and belief. “ So help you GOD.”

And in case the registrar be himself an owner or representative of an owner of slaves, or otherwise required to make the returns directed by this Act, he shall appear before the governor for the time being, and take the like oath.

And all and every such owner and owners, person or persons, who arc of the denomination of people called Quakers, is and are hereby required in like manner to give in the same upon his, her or their solemn affirmation.

Provided nevertheless, in case any owner or possessor of slaves, or representative of the owner, resident in this Colony, shall, from sickness or any bodily infirmity, be prevented from attending the said registrar, to deliver such list or chedule of his or her slave or slaves under their controul, as hereinbefore directed, it shall and may be lawful for any other person (duly provided with a certificate of such sickness, signed by a medical practitioner,) on behalf of such owner or possessor, to give in such his or her list or schedule, having previously seen such owner or possessor sign or sub cribe the same in the form hereinbefore prescribed; such person so giving in for another, at the time of delivering such list or schedule, taking the following oath before the registrar :

“ You do Swear, That the person for whom you are now about to give in a “ List or Schedule of slaves, is prevented doing so, in his or her own “ person, from illness or bodily infirmity, and that the List or Schedule by “ you now given in, was signed by such person in your presence; and that “ the same contains a true and exact number and description of all the “ slaves now attached or belonging to the plantation called

“ in or now belonging to or in the possession of the said

“ within this Colony; and that the same is not excessive in

“ any particular, according to the best of your knowledge, information,

“ and belief. “ So help you GOD.”

The person or persons on whose behalf such returns shall be provisionally admitted, being required, under the penalties of this Act, to attend said registrar, when recovered, and confirm the same by oath; and should the death of such person or persons prevent said returns being made absolute, his her or their representative or representatives shall, within one month after the decease of such person or persons, cause due completion and verification of the same.

Sect. 5. And to the intent that all persons required by this Act to return lists or

schedules of any slaves, may be duly apprised and have sufficient notice of the respective times of returning the same; Be it further enacted, That every period after the first registration, the time for which it is by this Act appointed, the said registrar shall and is hereby required, some time, not less than two months immediately preceding the period herein appointed for the making such returns as aforesaid, give due notice thereof in the official gazette of the Colony, once at least in every week of the said two months, purporting such respective periods for giving in such returns to the said registrar, or otherwise the said returns shall not be required to be made; and in case me said registrar shall in any respect fail therein, for every such offence he shall forfeit six thousand guilders, Dutch currency.

Sect. 6. And he it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall carefully preserve the said lists and schedules so returned to him, and cause the same, within six months after the return thereof, to be copied as clearly and distinctly as may be, into one book or set of books, duly paged and indexed, to be by him kept in his office, to which all persons may have free access during office hours, viz. from ten to two, to examine the same, every person paying the sum of three guilders for such access and examination. And the said registrar is hereby further directed and required, upon application for the same, to give copies in writing, certified by himself, of any list or lists that may be desired; the person requiring the same paying for each several list so required, the sum of one guilder ten stivers, if

8 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BERBICE.

the number of slaves therein contained do not exceed twenty; and the further sum -of fifteen stivers for every further number of slaves not exceeding ten, after the first twenty that shall be contained therein.

Sect. 7. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the returns* lists or schedules, which shall have been delivered to the said registrar pursuant to this Act, shall have been entered and recorded as aforesaid, the said registrar shall give notice thereof to the inhabitants of this Colony in manner as aforesaid, that uie said books are and will continue open at the proper office, for the inspection (free of expense) of all persons who have made returns of slaves for insertion therein, for the tenn of two months from the date of each notice, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied with the accuracy of the said book, and of the said returns therein contained: And also, if any owners or possessors of slaves within this Colony, shall from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have omitted to return full and proper lists or schedules of their slaves, as by this act required, they may immediately on discovering such error or omission, apply to the Governor for the time being of this Colony, in non-session of the honourable the Council of Government, or to the same, in conjunction with the honourable the Council of Government, during its established and ordinary session; who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, may thereupon order the admission, registration, and correction of such returns or schedules, by the said registrar.

Sect. 8. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons whatever shall wilfully neglect to give into the said registrar a list or lists, schedule or schedules of his, her or their slave or slaves, as above directed, every such person or persons so neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twelve hundred guilders, Holland’s currency, for every such slave so neglected to be given in; or in case any person or persons whatever shall make excessive or false returns thereof, he or they shall for every such offence be subjected to the penalty of six thousand guilders, Holland’s currency, and be imprisoned in the common jail of this Colony for any period not exceeding two years, the said penalties to be distributed and disposed of as hereinafter directed with respect to fines and penalties to be levied in and by virtue of this Act; such forfeiture or fine to be levied and recovered by the honourable the fiscal, or by the registrar himself, who in such mutter is hereby empowered and authorized to levy and recover the same by fiscal action, before the honourable the court of civil justice of this Colony; and all or every slave or slaves so neglected to be given in or falsely returned, if such slave be an African, shall be entitled to his, her or their freedom, unless such persoh so omitting to give in any such slave or slaves shall, within six months after the discovery of such omission, establish by sufficient evidence before the Governor for the time being, that such African slave or slaves so omitted to be given in, had been legally imported; and such African so rendered free, shall hereby become entitled to the usual sum for maintenance, in case of pauperism, allowed in such or similar cases by the Colony.

Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no default of any tenant for life or year, or of any mortgagees or mortgagers respectively in possession, nor of any trustees or guardians, in not registering slaves as directed, shall entitle such slaves to freedom, or otherwise prejudice the interests of minors, infants or persons entitled in remainder or reversion, who shall within nine months notice of such omission by the plaintiff or prosecutor, in any action, suit or information concerning such slave, conform to the directions of this Act.

Sect. 9. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who may be at any time resident in this Colony, and who may have, keep and retain in his, her or their possession, as a slave or slaves, any African or Africans who may have been illicitly imported into this Colony, shall, upon conviction thereof, in iike manner as above mentioned, by action brought by his honour the fiscal, or by the registrar himself, ns empowered and authorized so to do by this Act or Ordinance, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding six thousand guilders, Holland’s currency, and be imprisoned in the common jail of this Colony for a time not exceeding the period of two years.

Sect. 10. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid’ That all persons who may think themselves aggrieved by any proceedings of the said registrar, in any manner relating to this Act, may petition the Governor and Council of Government for the time being, who are hereby required and fully empowered

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 9

to hear the parties upon any such application, and determine thereon, and either to remit, or otherwise, as to them may seem just and fitting, the penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed.

Sect. 11. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said registrar shall make and prepare, or cause to be made and prepared, perfect and accurate duplicates of the said books, and shall authenticate and certify the said duplicates by the following affidavit:

“ Before A. B. [inserting the name and title of the Governor for the time being,]

“ personally appeared C. D. [naming himself] registrar of slaves of this “ Colony, who being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists, maketh oath and “ saith, That the said C. D. has carefully examined and compared all the “ preceding entries in this book, with all the different returns of slaves delivered to him, or to his knowledge or belief, to any deputy, clerk, or assistant by him appointed; and that he is hereby enabled to depose, and does “ depose, that the preceding return of the slaves of this Colony, is in all “ respects correctly and faithfully made.”

Which affidavit, being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the Governor for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto the follow ing certificate under his hand :

“I, A.B. [inserting the name and title of of)ice,] do hereby certify, That “ the above affidavit was duly sworn before me, this day of

“ one thousand eight hundred and Witness my

“ hand, this day of one thousand eight hundred

“ and (Signed) “ A. B.''

And the said duplicate books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the said registrar to his Excellency the Governor for the time being, who shall forthwith transmit the same to His Majesty's principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

Sect. 12. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no erasure shall, on any pretence or for any cause whatever, be at any time permitted to be made in any of the said books; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description or particulars contained in the schedule or return from which the same was made, or if any other mistake occurs in the making up and keeping the said books, a line of red ink shall be drawn through any word or words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or words legible; and the correction thereof, by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall either be interlined or written in the margin; and the registrar shall, either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length.

Sect. 13. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said registrar shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent entry into the book or books in his office, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudulently obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been duly made in the said book or books, or any fraudulent entry in the returns themselves, or in the abstract which he may be required to deliver; or, in case he the said registrar, shall refuse to receive proper legal returns made according to the directions of this Act, when duly presented to him or offered, by receiving false, excessive, improper or illegal returns, the said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence, before the honourable the court of criminal justice of this Colony, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, Dutch currency, and be imprisoned for any time not exceeding two years, in the common jail of this Colony; and if any deputy, assistant, or clerk of the said registrar, shall in the like manner transgress, lie shall, upon the like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders, and be imprisoned in the common jail of this Colony for any time not exceeding the period of two years; and if any other person or persons in this Colony shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made, any false, excessive or fraudulent entry in the said book or books, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated or altered, any entry which shall have been made in the said book or books, every such person or persons so offending, shall, upon like conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of six thousand guilders of

BERBICE

10 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

BERBICE.

like current money, and be imprisoned in the common jail of this Colony for any time ----' not exceeding the period of two years.

Sect. 14. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the forfeitures and penalties arising out of this Act or Ordinance, shall be distributed in such manner and in such proportions as is directed by local provisions, in respect to lines or penalties in general.

Sect. 15. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to the said registrar, hereafter to be appointed, out of any of the public monies of this Colony, at and after the rate of two thousand four hundred guilders, colonial mo my, annually and every year, by four equal quarterly payments, to be made in guilders, Holland's currency, during all such time as he shall hold and exercise the said office of registrar; and the further sum of two thousand four hundred guilders, Holland's currency, at such time as he shall complete and produce to his Excellency the Governor for the time being, authenticated duplicates of the first books of registry, and of them only.

Sect. 16. That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor for the time being of this Colony, to appoint, and he is hereby authorized and required to appoint, by commission under his sign manual, some fit and proper person, resident within this Colony, to be registrar of slaves therein; and that such registrar shall be personally resident within this Colony while he shall continue to hold his said office, except when from ill health or other necessitous cause, his temporary absence from this Colony shall be permitted by the Governor for the time being: Provided nevertheless, that such temporary absence shall not exceed the period of twelve months; and if the said registrar shall be at any time absent from this Colony, without such permission or licence as aforesaid, he shall absolutely forfeit his office: And in case of death, absence or incapacity of said registrar, or any avoidance of the said office, a new registrar shall be in like manner appointed, under the sign manual of the Governor for the time being, as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That the registrar so appointed as aforesaid, shall, previous to entering on the execution of his office, take the following oath, to be administered by his Excellency the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or officer administering government for the time being:

“I, A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will not knowingly or “ willingly receive any false, excessive or fraudulent returns, or refuse proper “ and legal ones; nor make, permit or suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent entry, erasure, alteration or obliteration, in the registry of slaves “ committed to my care, or in the returns of slaves given in to me, or in the “ extracts which I may from time to time be required to deliver; but if any “ such false or fraudulent act shall become known to me, I will immediately “ give notice thereof to the Governor for the time being; and that I will, “ in all respects, faithfully discharge the duties of the office of registrar of “ slaves of this Colony.

“So help me GOD.”

And moreover the said registrar shall become bound himself, together with two sureties, to be approved of by the Governor and Council, unto His Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a penal sum of twenty-four thousand guilders, Holland’s currency, for the due and faithful performance and discharge of all the duties of this office; which said penalty, in case of forfeiture, to be recovered and applied under the directions of the Governor and Council, for the purposes of the Colony.

Sect. 17. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the lines, forfeitures and penalties hereinbefore imposed, shall be recovered on complaint to his honour the fiscal, or to the registrar, as an officer of the Colony for the especial purposes or matters arising out of this Act or Ordinance, who shall bring the aforesaid claim, and levy of forfeitures and penalties, before the honourable the court of civil justice, in the usual and ordinary manner, os in the case of fiscal action.

Sect. 18. And in order to prevent the giving in of double returns, which might occur from a doubtful construction of this Act or Ordinance, as to the party, whether the actual proprietor or the party in possession shall make the aforesaid return: It is hereby enacted, That the actual proprietor or his representatives, end not the party

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. n

who by hire or otherwise, may have temporary possession of any slave or slaves, is bound to give in the returns as above directed.

Sect. 19. And whereas in the case of litigated claims to and concerning any individual slave or slaves, where returns under this Act or Ordinance shall have been made by different persons claiming the same, it may be difficult and impossible for the registrar as above named, for the purpose of this Act or Ordinance, justly to ascertain the rights thereto of such litigated parties; he the aforesaid registrar, L hereby directed and authorized, as much as in him lies, to insert the required return with reference solely to the direct occupation and possession, at the time of the return made, of the party making the same: And therefore it is further hereby provided and enacted, that the returns of registry under this Act, shall in no wise be received as evidence to substantiate the claims or questions arising between individuals, but that they shall be received only as evidence of the senile condition of the slaves; and no estate, right, title, property, or interest whatever, at law or in equity, of, in, or to any slave or slaves within the Colony, shall be created or transferred, or in any manner pass by sale, mortgage, gift, grant, or other voluntary alienation, or by judgment or condemnation at law', or execution, nor by marriage, succession, inheritance, will, devise, administration or otherwise whatever, unless such slave or slaves have been first duly registered, according to the directions herein contained; nor shall any deed or instrument of any kind whatever, made with the view' of affecting the purposes above narrated, be valid in law, unless the registered name and description of every slave therein mentioned, or intended to be affected thereby, be truly set forth in such deed or instrument, or in some schedule thereupon endorsed, or thereunto annexed, according to the latest registration of such slaves; saving, however, all clerical errors or omission, in the names and description of such slaves.

Sect. 20. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the opening of the said registry, whenever, in any action, suit, or other judicial proceedings within this Colony, it shall be necessary for any owner or claimant of any slave or slaves, to prove their property therein, such owner or claimant shall, in the first place, be forced to show that such slave or slaves hath or have been duly registered.

Lastly. His Excellency the Governor and the Council of Government reserve to themselves all right, from time to time, of explaining further the enactments of this Ordinance; hereby confirming, however, all previous laws and regulations touching and concerning this matter, not contrary to the regulations of this Act or Ordinance now published and established.

And that no ignorance may be pretended of the several orders contained in this Ordinance, these presents shall be published and sent round for general information.

Thus done and enacted at our adjourned session, held at the King’s House, New' Amsterdam, Berbice, this third day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen; present, his Excellency Ii. W. Bentinck Lieutenant Governor, and the honourable J. G. C. de Nicuwerkerk, B. J. Schwiers, A. Melville, John Cameron, and Simon Fraser; and published the same day, in presence of his Excellency and the honourable Members aforesaid.

By Command, F. White, Dep. See.

SCHEDULE

BEUWr

13

PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

berwce^ SCHEDULES to the preceding ACT.

SCHEDULE (N'i.) RETURN of SLAVES, the property of

This Return made by [name.] [quality,J

Names. Sex. Age. Colour. Employment. Place of JVirth. Conspicuous, Natural Marks. Remarks tending further to identify.

i

Total number to be inserted here in words at length.

Assemblies. 1 TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

*3

BERBICE.

SCHEDULE (No. 2.)-or, Triennial Return. s“'

RETURN of SLAVES, the property of

This Return made by [name.] [quality.]

The whole number contained in the preceding Return to be inserted here in words at length.

ADDITIONS since last RETURN.

Date, Day. Name. Sex. Age. Colour. How acquired. If Ly Birth, Name of Mother. Place of Birth, as in Schedule No. 1. ! If by Purchase, Name of Seller. By whom or on whose Account last Registered. Employment. Conspicuous natural Marks. Remarks tending further to idntify. ft

REDUCTIONS since last RETURN.

Date. Day. i •A Sex. Age. Colour. ft How deducted. If by Death, natural causes thereof. By whom certified. By whom or on whoso Account last Registered. If by Sale, Name of Purchaser. Employment. Conspicuous natural Murks. Remarks tending further to Identify.

t

NUMERICAL SUMMARY.

Number formerly returned - - 1 Deductions since lost Return

Acquisitions since last time - - J Number remaining at this date

The number remaining to be inserted here in words at length.

D

DOMINICA.

Preamble,

Clause t.

Preamble.

Clause 'i.

Preamble.

PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DOMINICA.

AN ACT for regulating the government and conduct of Slaves, and for their more effectual protection, encouragement, and the general amelioration of their condition. - 22 April 1818.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws respecting the slave population of this island should be revised and amended, as far as is consistent w ith due order and subordination, and the welfare of the Colony: We therefore. Your Majesty’s dutiful, loyal and obedient subjects, the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Dominica, do humbly pray Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained,-

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That every owner, renter or director, or the attorney, agent or representative of such owner, renter or director of any slave or slaves, except us is hereinafter excepted, shall issue and distribute, or cause to be issued and distributed to every and all such slave or slaves, belonging to or under his or their charge or care, a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome food, in the proportions and of the articles following; that is to say, adults, of salt fish, herrings, mackarel or other pickled fish, two pounds, or two quarts of salt, and to children under the age of twelve years, half that quantity per week; and also shall issue and distribute to them, good and .sufficient clothing once in every year, that is to say, a pennistone or drugget jacket, hat or cap, and oznaburgs or pennistone trowsers, with three yards of oznaburgs, to the male adults; a pennistone or drugget wrapper, and an oznaburg or pennistone petticoat and hat, with three yards of oznaburgs, to female adults, and to children according to their size and age; and also a blanket to each adult, male and female, once in every three years, and shall provide for them dry and comfortable lodging; and in cases of the sickness of any of the said slaves, the owner, renter or director, or the attorney, agent or representative of such owner, renter or director of such slave or slaves, shall provide proper medical assistance and advice, and shall also provide for and furnish such slave with all such food, wine, nourishment, and with all and every such other necessary and necessaries of every kind, us the medical person whose assistance may be called in, shall order or direct: and in case of failure of such ow'ner, renter or director of such slave or slaves, or the attorney, agent or representative of such owner, renter or director of such slave or slaves, to issue such sufficient proportion of good and wholesome food, and such sufficient clothing, comfortable lodging and medical assistance as aforesaid, such owner, renter or director of slaves, or his, her or their attorney, agent or representative, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable to be fined in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, to lie recovered by indictment in His Majesty’s court of King’s Bench and grand sessions of the peace; one moiety of the fine so imposed to be puid to the informer, and the other into the public treasury, for the benefit of the Colony.

And whereas slaves frequently sell the clothing and necessaries directed to be issued to them by their owners or employers by this Act, to their own personal detriment, and that of their owners;-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever to purchase any clothing or necessaries from any slave or slaves; and if any person or persons, either white or free persons of colour, or slaves, shall detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive of any slaves their clothing or necessaries so issued as aforesaid, such person or persons shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two of His Majesty's justices of the peace, if a white or free person or {lersons of colour, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be levied by a warrant under the hands of such justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety thereof to lie paid to the informer, and the remainder into the treasury, for the public uses of the Colony: and if a slave, shall and may Ikj punished by indicting any number of lashes not exceeding thirty-nine.

And whereas from the extensive quantities of land not occupied in the cultivation of the staple commodities of this Island, and the facility nftorded the slaves of

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 15

DOMINICA.

raising ground provisions thereon, it has been found in many instances, and almost generally among the coffee planters, that by the allotments of proper portions of ground, and time to work them, the produce has beep, more advantageous to them than the afore-mentioned allowance of rations;-

Be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may clause 3. be lawful and optional for the owner, renter or director, or the attorney, agent or representative of such owner, renter or director of such slave or slaves, either to feed such slave or slaves in the manner prescribed by the first clause of this Act, or by allotting to each and every such slave or slaves a sufficient portion of land, not less than half an acre for every slave, and one day in every week to all such slaves, for the purpose of cultivating the same, over and above the Sundays and holidays hereinafter prescribed; and any owner renter or director, who having adopted this mode for the support of his, her or their slave or slaves, who shall fail or neglect to afford to his, her or their slave or slaves such sufficient portion of land and time as aforesaid, shall on conviction be fined in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be sued for, levied and appropriated in manner and form directed by the first clause of this Act.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, clause 4.

That from and after the commencement of the operation of this Act, the slaves belonging to or employed on every plantation or settlement receiving the usual allowance of food and clothing, shall, over and above holidays to be hereinafter mentioned, be allowed one day in every fortnight to cultivate their ow n provision grounds,

(exclusive of Sundays) except during the time of crop, under the penalty of twent; pounds, to be sued for and recovered in manner and form aforesaid, against the manager or person having the care of such slaves : Provided always, that the number of days so allowed to the slaves for the cultivation of their grounds, shall not be less than twenty-six in a year.

And be it enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That during the crop, Clause 5. not only shall the slaves as heretofore be exempted from the labour of the estate or plantation on Sundays, but that no mill shall be put about or worked between the hours of seven o’clock on Saturday night and five o’clock on Monday morning, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid against the manager or other person having the charge of such slaves; .and no store or shop shall be kept open during the time of divine service, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid against the keeper of the same.

And whereas a relaxation from labour on certain fasts and festivals, and indulgence Preamble, in innocent recreations and amusements, are but reasonable and just;-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, clause a.

That the slaves in this Island (house-servants, stock-keepers, watchmen and fishermen excepted) shall not be required to labour for their masters or owners on any Sunday throughout the year, Christmas day and the day following, New-year’s day, and Good Friday; and in cases w here any one of the said holydays falls on a Sunday, then the Wednesday following shall be allowed such slave or slaves in lieu of such Sunday.

And bo it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, clause 7.

Tluit it may be permitted tor any slave or slaves on any plantation, or in any house of the said Island, by and with the consent and approbation of the said owner or renter, or the attorney, agent or representative of such owner or renter on each and every estate and plantation of the said Island, to use uny instrument or instrument* of music for the purpose of dancing, or in the indulgence of any innocent umusc-ments; provided the said dancing and amusements do not continue after eight o'clock in the evening in the town of Roseau, nor beyond the hour appointed by the manager or overseer on plantations.

And whereas on the different days ullotted for holydays and times of recreation, Preamble, slaves may become riotous and disorderly from the absence of the managers, overseers or persons in cl large of them: to prevent the mischief arising therefrom,-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, <-l«we 8. that any manager not having an overseer under him, who shall absent himself from the plantation of which he has the charge, on such holydays and festivals aforesaid,

(divine service and militia duty excepted) shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; and any overseer who shall absent himself from the estate he lives on at such time,

DOMINICA.

Piemnble.

Claii'P 10

Preamble.

Clause 11.

Preamble.

Clause >2.

Clause >3.

16 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

(with the above exception only) without the leave of his manager or employer, shall forfeit the sum of three pounds; such tine and forfeiture to be recovered and appropriated as prescribed by the first clause of this Act.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all owners and possessors, or in their absence, the managers and overseers of slaves, shall, as much as in them lies, promote and encourage the religious instruction of all slaves belonging to them, or committed to their charge.

And whereas, since the late distresses particularly, some instances have occurred of owners and renters of slaves permitting infirm, disabled and diseased slaves to wander at large as mendicants, to the great nuisance of the inhabitants of the towns and parishes;-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That no owner or possessor of any slave or slaves, whether in his or her own right, or as attorney, guardian, trustee or executor, shall discard or turn away any such slave or slaves on account or by reason of such slave or slaves being rendered incapable of labour through age, sickness, infirmity, or any other cause, but shall be, and he, she or they is and are hereby obliged to keep every and all such slave or slaves upon his, her or their properties, and provide them with proper necessaries as aforesaid, and not suffer them to wander about and become burthensome to others for sustenance, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every such offence, to be recovered in a summary manner on complaint before any two justices of the peace for this Island, who are hereby authorized, empowered and required to cause such master, owner or possessor, his, her or their attorney and agent, and such other persons as they shall judge proper, to be summoned before them, to enable them to determine on the propriety of such complaint.

And whereas instances have occurred of slaves afflicted with contagious disorders, l)eing allowed to wander about the streets of the towns, and public highways and bye-roads of the country;-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That any owner or possessor of any slave or slaves, whether in his or her own right, or as attorney, guardian, trustee or executor, or otherwise, who shall knowingly suffer any slave or slaves to leave the property to which they belong, and to wander about the country or in town, shall for each offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as prescribed by the ninth clause of this Act.

And whereas it is just and proper that the slaves should be protected in their persons from the violence and inhumanity of such white persons, or free persons of colour, as may have no lawful authority over them, or who‘having, may exert such authority in an unjustifiable or cruel manner;-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any white person or persons, or free person or persons of colour whatever, shall be convicted of the wilful murder of any slave or slaves, or shall be accessary thereto, such white person or persons, or tree person or (tersons of colour, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as the court may adjudge.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any master, mistress, owner or possessor, attorney, manager, overseer or employer, shall at his, her or their own will and pleasure, or by his, her or their direction, or with his, her or their knowledge, sufferance, privity or consent, mutilate or dismember any slave or slaves, or wantonly or cruelly whip, beat, bruise, cut, wound, or imprison or keep in confinement without sufficient support, any slave or slaves, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the said Island, and they are hereby authorized and required upon complaint or information thereof, to summon the offender to appear before him, and all such witnesses as may be material to prove the said offence, and shall take down the examination of such offender in writing, and also the state, appearance, marks and condition of the slave or slaves, and all other circumstances that may be necessary to prove the fact, and shall return the same to the clerk of the crown, and shall also bind over the ?*id offender in any sum not exceeding three hundred pounds, with two securities, to appear at the next court of King’s Bench and grand sessions of the peace; and the clerk of the crown shall before the sitting of the said court of King’s Beneh and grand sessions of the peace, send such recognizance to the attorney general of the said Island, who

---

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 17

DOMINICA.

is hereby required to proceed against such offender by indictment; and upon trial of such offender, his examination if signed by him, or the statement in writing of the magistrate, shall be prima facie evidence of such offender having committed the offence, and upon conviction he shall be punished by fine not exceeding two hundred pounds, or imprisonment not exceeding six months, or both; and in atrocious cases the court before whom such offender shall have been tried and convicted, are hereby empowered, in case they shall think it necessary for the future protection of such slave or slaves, to order the marshal to sell and dispose of such slave or slaves to any person except the owner, at public outcry, for the best price that can be procured for such slave; and the monies arising from such sale, after the payment of the said fees, shall be paid to such owner.

---

And whereas by the present existing law, although punishment by fine is denounced Proaml),t" against any white person or free person of colour, who shall beat, wound, maim or ill treat the slave or slaves of any other person, or deprive such slave or slaves of his, her or their property; yet as the testimony of such slave or slaves is inadmissible for his or their conviction, by which such enactment has proved of little effect, as such offence may occur when no white or free person of colour is present, and the offender or offenders from hence may escape with impunity;-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, clause 14‘

That from and after the publication of this Act, any white person or free person of colour, who shall beat, maim, wound or ill treat any slave or slaves the property of another person or persons, or deprive such slave or staves of his, her or.jtheir property, on complaint being made thereof by the owner or owners of such slave or 'slaves, or his, her or their representative, to any justice of the peace, and the slave or slaves being produced, and the marks of the blows or wounds being exhibited before any one of His Majesty's justices of the peace, such justice shall and he is hereby empowered, authorized ana required, should he deem the complaint sufficiently founded, to summon the party so accused before him, and to examine him on oath, and on his refusal to be examined, such contumacy shall be construed an admission of the fact; and thereupon to bind over such white person or free person of colour charged with such offence, himself in the sum of two hundred pounds, with tw o securities, bang freeholders, in the sum of one hundred pounds each, to appear at the next ensuing court of grand sessions of the peace, then and there to answer die charge alleged against such white or free person of colour, the said justtceh&ving previously examined upon oath such slave or slaves, (should he, she or they have been baptised) and duly explain and enforce to them the nature and solemnity of an oath, which examination the justice shall return, with the recognizance, to the clerk of the crown, prior to the sitting of such court; and on the parties appearing before the court, the testimony of any slaves who may have been present (he, she or they having been duly baptised) shall be received, as fur as it shall appear clear and consistent in the opinion of the court: Provided always nevertheless, that no white person or free persons of colour shall be convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, on the testimony of any slaves, unless two of the said slaves at least do deariy and consistently agree with each other, and depose to the same fact, act or circumstance, and also unless the said slaves are examined apart and out of the hearing of each ether; and provided also, that no person shall be convicted on the testimony of any slaves for any of the offences aforesaid, unless the same shall be prosecuted within twelve months after the commission thereof: and on the conviction of the person or persons charged with such offence, such offender or offenders shall be subject to a fine not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, at the discretion o f the court; and the proprietor thall or may moreover liave his action of damages in the court of Common Pleas, against any white person or free person of colour so offending, for any loss of time anc labour sustained of such slave or slaves by him, her or .them so beaten, maimed, woutded or ill treated.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any white or free Clsuae 15. coloured person, who is not the owner or director of any slave, shall take away from any slave any article or thing whatsoever, or shall take away, or cause to be token away from any slave, any stock, vegetables, provisions, grass, fops, or any article or thing which such slave shall .be authorized by any present or future existing laws, usages or customs of the Island wherein he resides, to sell or possess, or shall after purchasing from any such slave any of the articles or things aforesaid, refuse or omit to pay him or her me price agreed upon for the same, or shall remove or take away by force from any slave, or trample on the ground, or scatter about or destroy, any

DOMINICA.

Preamble.

Clause 16.

Prcarabie.

Clause 17.

18 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

article or thing whatsoever aforesaid, or cause the same to be done; in any such cases,

' on complaint made by the owner or director of the said slave, though it may be without oath, to any justice of the peace in or near the parish where the offence is committed, such justice shall, and he is hereby authorized and directed, by an order in writing under his hand, stating the complaint made by such owner or director, to command such person or persons against whom such complaint was made, to appear, at a time and place to be specified in such order, before him, and any other justice who may be then and there present, that such complaint may be examined into; and such justices are hereby authorized to take the examination of such person complained of, upon his or her own oath with respect to the said complaint, who shall be compelled to ahSVver upon oath such questions as the said justices may put to him or her; and if such person shall not fully answer such questions, or having been duly summoned, refuse to appear as aforesaid, he or die shall be considered as convicted of the said complaint; or if such person having fully answered such questions, shall not fully exculpate him or herself, or shall be otherwise convicted before the said justices, Tie-or she shall be fined-6y die said justices in any sum not exceeding ten pounds current .money, to be recovered by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices, directed to any cbn£table^ commanding him forthwith to levy on the goods and chattels of such offender, sufficient to pay such fine, with all costs and charges attending all the proceedings aforesaid; and for want of such goods and chattels, to commit such offender to die common gpol for any time not exceeding one montii, and such constable shall executeSVC$l. warrant under the penalty of twenty pounds current money aforesaid; and the said justices shall and may if they think proper, dispose of the fine to the slave -so Of treated, as a compensation for the injuries he or she may have sustaumd.^

And whereas a practice hath formerly prevailed, but which has been so universally discountenanced as to be at present in almost general disuse, of punishing ill-disposed slaves, and such as are apt to abscond from their owners, by causing to be fixed round the necks of such slaves, heavy iron collars, with projecting iron branches or hooks, to prevent future desertion ;-

Be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That such practice is hereby declared to be utterly unlawful, and that no person shall on any pretence whatsoever, under the penalty of fifty pounds, punish any negro or other slave, whether his own property or otherwise, by fixing or causing to be fixed any iron or other collar round the neck of such slave, or by loading the body or limbs of such slave, for any offence whatsoever, with chains, irons or weights of any kind (except where'it is absolutely necessary for securing the person of such slave, by a light collar or hand-cuff, not exceeding four pounds weight); and all and every the justices of the peace within this Island, are hereby authorized, directed and required, under the penalty of fifty pounds, on information and view of such offence, to order such heavy collar, chains, irons or weights, to be immediately taken off from the slave or slaves wearing or bearing the same; and if the person ordered to take off the same, shall refuse or neglect so to do, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished accordingly: Provided always, that nothing contained in this clause shall prevent owners of skives having on their properties stocks, bilboes, or other secure means to confine refractory slaves, or such as are addicted to running away, so that they are thereby confined without bodily hurt

And whereas in cases of breaches of plantation discipline, it is necessary, for the sake of preserving order and the safety of the property, that prompt punishment should be inflicted to a certain-extent, at the discretion of those to whom the charge of such property is entrusted

Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, that in cases of breaches of plantation discipline or disorderly conduct, moderate punishments, for the purpose of maintaining due order on the plantation, shall be allowed; provided that no more than twenty lashes shall be inflicted at a time for one offence, by a manager, nor more than five by any overseer, unless the owper, attorney or supervisor be present; nor shall any owner, attorney or director 6f any slave or slaves, inflict, order or cause to be inflicted, more than thirty-hihelashes at onetime, and for one offence; nor inflict or suffer to be inflicted such last mentioned punishment, nor any other number of lashes, in the same day, nor until the delinquent has recovered from the effects of any former punishment, under a penalty not less than ten pounds or more than twenty pounds for every offence, to be recovered against

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 19

DOMINICA.

the person directing or permitting such punishment, in a summary manner, upon conviction before any two magistrates, by warrant, besides being subject to be prosecuted by indictment in the court of King’s Bench and grand sessions of the peace.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clause 18.

That every slave or slaves not attached to plantations, who shall disobey die order of his, her or their owner, renter or employer, or shall be guilty of drunkenness, quarrelling, fighting, neglect of duty, or absence without permission from such owner, renter or employer, shall be punished at the discretion of his, her or their said owner, renter or employer, by confinement, not exceeding fifteen days, or Hogging on the bare breech, provided the number of lashes do not exceed twenty for any one offence if inflicted by the owner, or twelve if inflicted by any renter or employer.

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, clause uj.

Hat all and every slave or slaves who shall be convicted of the wilful murder, or who shall have been accessary thereto, of any white person, free person of colour, fee black or slave, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death, or such other punishment as the court may direct.

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clause 10.

Hat if any slave or slaves shall be guilty and convicted of rebellion, conspiracy, or «f robbery', or the attempt of robbery, or of burglary, burning or destroying of any piece, house or houses, stores, shops, works or out-houses, or negro-houses, or of stealing thereout or therefrom, at any time, money or goods exceeding the •mount of twenty pounds, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as the court •my direct; and such slave or slaves convicted of robbery or theft under the value •f twenty pounds, or of gaming or any misdemeanor, shall be punished at the discretion of the court.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That any slaves clause si.

*bo shall be found assembled for mutinous or other dangerous purposes, and who dull refuse to go home to their different houses and plantations when ordered so.to do by any white or free person whatsoever, and who shall be convicted thereof, the Hug-leader or principal offender shall suffer death, and the others (according to the mfture of their crimes or offences) such other punishment by banishment or public dogging on the bare breech, provided such flogging does not exceed thirty-nine lashes ;

•Hd that if any free negro, free person of colour, or white person, shall hereafter mffer any unlawful assembly of slaves at his pr her house or settlement, every such we or white person shall, upon due conviction thereof, suffer punishment by fine, not ticeeding twenty pounds, or imprisonment not exceeding three months, provided Ait information shall be given on oath within ten days after such unlawful meeting.

-And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That any Clause 22.

*hve or slaves who shall be convicted of giving, selling or bartering gunpowder, fire-: *nns or other offensive weapons, salt, salt provisions, clothes or other necessaries, bd or shot whatsoever, with runaways, or having intercourse or correspondence

with runaways, directly or indirectly, shall (according to thj degree of the delinquency

such slave or slaves) suffer death, banishment, or such other punishment as shall •mm meet, at the discretion of the court where such slave shall be tried.

And whereas instances frequently occur of slaves assuming the art of witchcraft, Preamble.

pretending to supernatural powers, or professing what is commonly called by Atom obeah, and dealing in spells, charms and philtres, and thereby influencing fo minds of weak and credulous slaves, and frequently stimulating them to actions

file highest atrocity against their masters, renters, managers and overseers, by administering drugs and potions of secret, and generally of a poisonous nature, as as to their fellow slaves or others to whom they bear evil intentions;-

Be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clause 23.

H»at any owner, renter or manager, or overseer of any plantation, or any person whatsoever, who shall discover any slave or slaves practising any of the above arts,

pretending to any supernatural powers, or in possession of any drugs or potions, he the said owner, manager or overseer, shall cause the said slave or slaves to be committed to the common gaol of this Island, to stand his, her or their trial according to law; and on conviction of the said slave or slaves, of the aforesaid crimes, he, she or they shall suffer death, or such other punishment at the discretion of the

20 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DOMINICA.

Clause 24.

Clause 25.

Clause 26.

Clause 27.

Clause 28.

Clause ag.

court, by banishment or flogging on the bare breech, as to the said court shall seem meet, provided such flogging does not exceed thirty-nine lashes.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted, That any slave who, under the authority and by virtue of this Act, shall be sold for transportation by the provost marshal, shall, notwithstanding such sale, remain in the custody of the provost marshal until the purchaser of such slave shall have entered into bond, with sufficient security, to our Sovereign Lord the King, under the penalty of two hundred pounds for every such slave so purchased, that every such slave shall, if any opportunity should offer, be transported off this Island within three months after the date of such bond, and shall in the meantime be kept in close confinement; for which the provost marshal shall receive from the party entering into the same, all expenses incident thereto, and such bond shall be filed among the records in the office of the said provost marshal.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That every such purchaser of any slave so directed to be sold for transportation as aforesaid, shall at the time of executing such bond as aforesaid, also make oath in writing, on sonte part of the said bond, before the provost marshal as aforesaid (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same), that every such slave so purchased by him shall be transported as aforesaid, and that the said slave so purchased shall not with his knowledge^ privity or consent, be re-landed in this Island.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the provost marshal shall not, under the penalty of three hundred pounds for each offence, deliver over to any purchaser or purchasers any slave so sold for transportation as aforesaid, until such bond is entered into and oath taken as aforesaid; and in case any such slave so sold for transportation as aforesaid, shall be found within this Island after the expiration of three months before limited, provided any opportunity should occur for such for his or her transportation, such slave shall become forfeited to the Colony, and re-sold for transportation by the provost marshal, in the same Planner and Under the like penalties as hereinbefore enacted, and the net proceeds of such re-sale shall be paid over to the treasurer, for the use of the public; which fine shall be recovered by indictment in the court of King's Bench and grand sessions of the peace.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave sold for transportation under and by virtue of this Act, who shall be found at latte within the Island at any time after such sale as is hereinafter directed, may and shall be lawfully apprehended by any person whatsoever, and immediately taken before any of His Majesty's justices of the peace; and ifitshaUappear to the satisfaction Of tile said justice, that such slave has been formerly sold for transportation by virtue of this Act, such justice shall, by warrant under his hand and seal, direct such slave to be delivered to the provost marshal, to be re-sold for transportation only; and the monies arising from such sale, after deducting the customary expenses and marshal's fees, shall be paid over, one moiety thereof to the person apprehending such slave, and the other moiety to the treasurer for the time being, for the public uses of this Island.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro, or other slave or slaves, who shall have been transported from this Island by virtue of this Act or of any other Act heretofore in force respecting slaves, for murder, or being engaged in rebellion, conspiracy, or obeah, or arson, shall return frotn transportation, such negro or other slave or slaves shall, upon conviction> suffer death, WltnoUt benefit of clergy.

And be it hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any master of any ship or vessel shall knowingly and wilfully bring back to this Island, any negro or other slaves who shall have been transported from this Island under and by virtue of this Act, or any other Act heretofore in force respecting slaves, such master being convidted thereof by indictment in the court of King’s Bench and grand sessions of this Island, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds for each slave so brought back, one moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his heirs and successors, for the public uses of this Island, and the other moiety to the party or parties at whose suit or complaint sudh person was convicted; and shall also Suftfer imprisonment at the discretion of the court, for any space of time not less than three months and not exceeding twelve months, without bail or tttOinpfize.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES. 21

DOMINICA.

And be it hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if the provost marshal or any constable, shall willingly or negligently sutler any slave or slaves to escape, who shall be committed to his or their custody for any offence Clause 30. under this Act, such marshal or constable who shall sutler such escape, shall, on conviction thereof before two magistrates, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner by warrant under the hands and seals of the said two magistrates, for tile use of the said Colony, and without injury to the rights of the owner to sue for the value of the same.

And be it, and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave Clause 31. or slaves shall have been committed to gaol, and who shall not be prosecuted at the, following court of petty sessions, the gaol fees of such slave or slaves shall be paid by the person at whose instance such slave was committed, if not otherwise ordered or directed by the court; such fees to be recovered by the marshal, by debt or action on the case.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no gaol-keeper in this Clause 32. Island, or any person acting under him, or clerk or deputy, shall on any pretence whatever, work or employ any slave or slaves sent to his custody, nor hire or lend such slave or slaves out to work for any other person or persons, during the time such slave or slaves shall be in his custody, but that all such slaves shall be and remain in the common gaol, in order to be inspected by any person or persons desiring such inspection; and in case any gaol-keeper shall offend herein, he shall for every offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered as provided by the first clause of this Act.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid. That all fines Clause 33. and penalties to be incurred by virtue of this Act, which have not been hereinbefore declared how they shall be recovered and applied, shall, if not exceeding twenty pounds currency, be recovered in a summary manner before any of His Majesty’s justices of tire peace, by distress and sale of the offender’s lands, goods and chattels; and if exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered in any court of record by action of debt, for the uses of the Colony.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons Clause 34. shall be sued for any thing done under and by virtue of this Act, he or they may plead the general issue, and give this Act in evidence, and if any plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his suit, or a verdict be given against him, he shall pay treble costs of suit; and all judges, justices and jurors are hereof to take notice and govern themselves accordingly; and no writ shall be sued out against, or copy of any process shall be served on any justice, for any thing done by him in the execution of this Act, until notice in writing of such intended writ or process shall have been served on him or left at his usual place of abode, by the attorney for the party, one calendar month before suing out or serving the same, containing the cause of action, and endorsed with the name and place of abode of the attorney; provided that no action shall be brought against any justice for any thing done by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall be commenced within six calendar months after the act complained of.

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That Clause 35. after passing of this Act, all free-born or manumitted persons of colour, and all such who may hereafter possess such rights, shall be and are hereby declared, and are competent to give evidence as witnesses in all civil and criminal cases whatsoever, any Act or provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That Clause 36. the Act of the Legislature of this Island, intituled “ An Act for the encouragement, protection, and better government of slaves,” be and same is hereby repealed.

And be it, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clause 37.

That one hundred copies of this Act be printed.

Passed the House of Assembly, this twenty-second day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. William Anderson, Speaker.

H. Nisbet, Acting Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Board of Council, this twenty-second day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. F. H. Garraway, Acting Clerk of the Board.

Assented to, this twenty-second day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Charles W. (l. s.) Maxwell

Duly proclaimed in the town of Roseau, this twenty-second day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. E. G. Armatrading, Acting P. M. G.

22

PAPERS. RELATING TO THE [Acts of

DOMINICA.

Preamble.

C'liitta.? i.

Clause f-

Preamble. Clause 3.

Clause 4.

Ciaux*

AN ACT for providing a Curate to promote Religious Instruction among the Slaves in the several Parishes in this Island.

WHEREAS from the extent of the parishes in this Island, and the great distance of many of the plantations from the town of Roseau, religious instruction cannot be extended to all the slaves under the present ecclesiastical establishment, and it is therefore proper to appoint a curate to officiate for that purpose: We, Your Majesty’s dutiful, loyal and obedient subjects, the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty’s Island of Dominica, do humbly pray Your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained; -

Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as possible after the passing of this Act, a curate duly qualified, in at least deacon’s orders, and being a white person, shall be appointed by his Excellency the Governor, and that the duty of the said curate shall be to propagate the Gospel amongst the slaves in the respective parishes of the said Island; and for this purpose, that the said curate shall, besides performing divine service on the Sundays, in each of the said parishes in rotation, in some convenient central place, to be appointed by the respective way wardens, appropriate at least two days in each week to visit the respective plantations in the said parishes, in order to instruct the slaves in the principles of the Christian religion, as far as their capacities will admit: Provided always, that the consent and approbation of the person in possession of the estate so visited, shall be first had and obtained.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the curate so appointed, shall receive as a compensation for his services, the sum of two hundred pounds, current money, per annum, to be paid quarterly by the treasurer, on his producing a certificate from the Governor that he has regularly performed the duties prescribed by this Act (sickness or other inevitable prevention excepted); and that for baptising each slave, registering the same, and granting a certificate thereof, the curate shall be entitled to receive from the owner, a fee of four shillings and sixpence currency.

And whereas promiscuous concubinage is no less injurious to health, and consequently to population, than repugnant to the principles of the Christian religion;-

Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said curate be authorized and required, with the consent and approbation of the owner or representative, to join together in marriage all such well disposed slaves as may be desirous of entering into that state; and that the said curate shall be allowed a fee of twenty shilling? currency, for every such marriage performed by him, to be paid by the owner of such slaves.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case a clergyman of the Church of England cannot be procured to accept the office of curate as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Excellency the Governor, or the Commander-in-chief for the time being, and he is hereby authorized to appoint a Moravian missionary, of good character, to perform the duties required by this Act, who shall be entitled to the salary aforesaid, and also to take and receive the fees for baptisms and marriages allowed by the second and third clauses of this Act: provided that such baptisms and marriages shall not be permitted to be performed by such missionary in the town of Roseau.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fifty copies of this Act be printed, and that the same be published in the newspaper of this Island, for three successive weeks. W. Anderson, Speaker.

Passed the House of Assembly, this twenty-eighth day of July, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. J. H. Neuman, Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Board of Council, this third day of August, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. J. H. Garraway, Acting Clerk of the Council.

Duly proclaimed in the town of Roseau, this fifth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Henry Nisbet, Acting P. Marshal General.

Assented to by his Excellency, and passed the Patent Office, the fifth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

J. M. Williams, Gov. Secretary and Clerk Patent.

Charles William Maxwell,

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OP SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

DOMINICA.

AN ACT to amend an Act of this Island, intituled, “An Act for the more effectual apprehending of runaway Slaves, and to oblige the Provost Marshal of this Island to receive into his custody, in the common gaol, all runaway Slaves, and to advertise them in the newspaper of the Island, and if not claimed within a limited time, to oblige him to sell them for the public benefit; for appointing a Committee of the Council and Assembly to inspect the common gaol from time to time; and for other the purposes in this Act mentioned.”

WII ERE AS the sum at present allowed to the provost marshal for feeding negroes Preamble, confined in the gaol, has lately been found insufficient, owing to the high price of all sorts of provisions: We, therefore, Your Majesty's loyal and obedient subjects, the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty s Island of Dominica, humbly pray that it may be enacted and ordained;-

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That Clause t. from and after the publication of this Act, the sum of one shilling and ninepence per day shall be allowed and paid to the provost marshal for feeding each slave confined in gaol, the whole of which to be expended by him in good and wholesome food to be regularly provided for and given to them; and he shall also be entitled to demand and receive the further sum of fourpence halfpenny per day for each slave so confined, as a remuneration for his trouble in feeding and attending them, in lieu of the sum granted to him by the fifth clause of the aforesaid Act.

And be it, and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such part of Clause 2. the fourth and fifth clauses of an Act of this Island, intituled “ An Act for the more effectual apprehending of runaway slaves, and to oblige the provost marshal of this Island to receive into his custody in the common gaol all runaway slaves, and to advertise them in the newspaper of the Island, and if not claimed within a limited time, to oblige him to sell them for the public benefit; for appointing a Committee of the Council and Assembly to inspect the common gaol from time to time; and for other the purposes in this Act mentioned,” as relates to the daily allowance of food . for slaves confined in gaol, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

W. Anderson, Speaker.

Passed the House of Assembly, this twenty-eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

J. H. Newman, Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Board of Council, this third day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

J. 11. Garraway, Acting Clerk of Council.

Duly proclaimed in the town of Roseau, this fifth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

Henry Nisbet, Acting P*. Marshal General.

Assented to by his Excellency, and passed the Patent Office, this fifth day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

J. M. Williams Gov. Sec & Clerk Patents.

(Signed) Chas. Wm. Maxwell.

24 PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

GRENADA.

AN ACT to repeal so much and such parts of an Act, intituled, “An Act for the better protection, and for promoting the natural increase and population of Slaves within the Island of Grenada, and such of the Grenadines as are annexed to the Government thereof; for compelling an adequate provision for and care of them, as well in sickness and old age as in health; and for constituting and appointing guardians to effectuate and carry into execution the regulations and purposes of this Act,” as relates to or direct the payment of one hundred pounds on the manumitting of each slave, and to the execution, in any other place than within this Government, of deeds of manumission of persons usually residing therein.

Preamble. WHEREAS by the nineteenth clause of the Act of these Islands, dated the

ninth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, “An Act for the better protection, and for promoting the natural increase and population of slaves within the Island of Grenada, and such of the Grenadines as are annexed to the Government thereof; and for compelling an adequate provision for and care of them, as well in sickness and old age as in health; and for constituting and appointing guardians to effectuate and carry into execution die regulations and purposes of diis Act;” it is among other things enacted, that from and after the publication of the same Act, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to manumit or set free any slave or slaves belonging to him, her or them, without first paying unto the treasurer of these Islands, the sum of one hundred pounds current money for each and every slave so manumitted; anti the treasurer is thereby directed and required to certify, on the back of the manumission, that such sum has been to him paid, and no manumission executed after the publication of the said Act, without such certificate, shall be of any force or validity whatsoever; and it is also further enacted, by the twenty-third clause of the said recited Act, that if any person or persons whose usual residence has been in this Government, shall, at any time after the publication of the said Act, be manumitted or set free by any deed of manumission executed in any other place than within this Government, such manumission shall be and is thereby declared null and void, until the sum of one hundred pounds be by each and every such person so manumitted paid into the hands of the treasurer as aforesaid : And whereas the compelling persons to pay, as hereinbefore mentioned, the sum of one hundred pounds on manumitting each slave, tends to discourage the making free and manumitting deserving slaves, and it is expedient that the said hereinbefore recited clauses of the said Act should be repealed : Be it therefore enacted, by his Excellency Major General Phineas Riall, Governor and Commander-in-chief in and over the Island of Grenada and its dependencies, the members of His Majesty’s Council, and the representatives of the people iu General Assembly convened;-

GRENADA.

Clause^.

19th Clause of Guardian Act repealed.

And it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That from and after the publication of this Act, the said nineteenth and twenty-third clauses of the said in part recited Act, and every matter and thing therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby, and each of them, repealed and declared to be no longer in force.

ft..

Preamble. And whereas many manumissions and other acts of freedom, for the purpose of

Clause 3. enfranchising slaves^ have been legally made and executed subsequent to the ninth

day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, when the said

Act, commonly called the Guardian Act, was passed, without paying the sum of one hundred pounds unto the public treasurer of these Islands, as required by the same Act: And whereas it would be contrary to justice and good policy to permit such parts of the same Act as require the payment of the said sum of one hundred pounds, and are now repealed hereby, to operate against and destroy the intention and effect of such manumissions or other acts of freedom so made, given,

granted and executed since the said ninth day of December one thousand seven

All manumissions hundred and ninety-seven: Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

and other Acts of ^jie originals of all such manumissions or other acts of freedom so made, given,

since°(ith Deeem- grante^ or executed, whether by last will and testament or otherwise, after being

her 1797, deemed duly proved according to law; and if proved and recorded in the registrar’s office

vulid, after being of these Islands in manner prescribed by law, (and such originals cannot be produced) duly proved; and if 'then

2.5

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

then office copies thereof, duly certified by the registrar of these Islands for the time GRENADA, being, or his lawful deputy, shall and may be received and admitted in evidence v -J

in all courts of law and equity in these Islands, and shall be valid to all intents g^[8 and purposes whatsoever. coming, office

copies good, and receivable in evidence in all courts of law and equity*

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be Clause 3. deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such Declared a Public by all judges, justices and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the Act' same.

Dated at the town of St. George in the Island of Grenada, this twenty-seventh Dated 27th July day of July, in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord 1818*

George the Third of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) Jn° Hoyes, Speaker.

Passed the Assembly this twenty-third day of July, in the year of our Lord Passed Assembly, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 23d July 1818.

Jn° Chs Ker, Clk. Assembly.

Passed the Council, this twenty-third day of July, in the year of our Lord Passed Council, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 23d July 1818.

(Signed) Owsley Rowley, D. Clk. of Council.

Assented to by his Excellency the Governor and Commander in chief, in Assented to, and over the Island of Grenada and its dependencies, Chancellor, Ordinary, 27th July 1818. and Vice-Admiral of the same, this twenty-seventh day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) Owsley Rowley, D. Clk. of Council.

Duly published in the town of St. George, in the Island of Grenada aforesaid, Published, this twenty-eighth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand 28th July 1818. eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) Ja, Edmiston, D. P. M.

(Signed) JPhineas (l. m. s.) Riall.

A true Copy, Owsley Rowley, D. Secretary.

AN ACT for the relief of Persons manumitted by last Will and Testament, or thereby directed to be manumitted.

WHEREAS the intentions of persons manumitting by last will and testament, Preamble, or thereby directing the manumission of slaves, may be defeated, by reason that, as the laws now stand, the slaves so intended or directed to be enfranchised, are in the first instance, not only liable to the satisfaction of all debts due by the deceased, but moreover cannot compel the executors or trustees of their testators, or other proper parties, to execute the necessary deed or deeds of manumission: Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Major General Phineas Riall, Governor and Commander in chief, in and over the Island of Grenada and its dependencies, the members of His Majesty’s Council, and the representatives of the people in General Assembly convened;-

And it is hereby enacted by authority of the same, That in each and every case Clause 1. where any slave or slaves is or are manumitted, or directed by last will and testament, manumitted duly executed in the presence of three or more credible witnesses, to be manumitted by last will and or enfranchised, it shall and may be lawful for any person as the guardian or next testament, or difriend, and for and on behalf of such slave or slaves, to institute any suit at law rected to be so, or in equity, against the executors or trustees named in such last will and testament, person by or any of them, and all other proper party and parties, for the purpose of establishing, guardian or next perfecting or confirming the freedom or manumission of the slave or slaves by their friend, institute

testator manumitted, or intended or directed to be manumitted and enfranchised, suit.at law ?r in

equity, against

executors, trustees or other persons, for the purpose of establishing or confirming their freedom.

And in case of doubt of solvency of testators estate, to call for, and take account thereof.

2d

PAPERS RELATING TO THE

GRENADA.

Clatto I. IfmtoHtaay be odparerit to court, slaves to b» ttp-praised; and if slaves, or other person for them, offer to pay appraised value into court}

court authorized and required to decree manumissions to be executed.

If party out of jurisdiction, judgment directing such numMatlsion to be valid.

Clause 3.

Guardian or next frierid, it absent or about to depairt, to give security for costs.

Clause 4. Declared a Public Act.

Passed Assembly, 22d May iftiS;

Passed Council, 22d July 1818.

Dated, 37th July 1818.

Assented to, 27th July 1818.

Published,

28th July 1818.

{Acts Of

and if ftettfssary, in east of any doubt or dispute m to the solvency of the testator’s, estate, to call for dntl take an account of such testator’s estate.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of any doubt or dispute as to the solvency of such estate, and the insolvency thereof be apparent to the court in which any such suit may be instituted, itshall and maybe lawful to and for the judge of the same court, to direct the slave or slaves so manumitted, or intended or directed to be manumitted and enfranchised, to be appraised; and in case such slave of slaves, of any person or persons on his, her, their, or any of their behalf, shall offer to pay into court, to the use and credit of such testator’s estate, the amount of the appraised value of such stave or slaves, or any of them, in order that he, she or they may be manumitted and enfranchised, then the court shall and may forthwith, and is hereby accordingly authorized to decree, that on payment of the appraised value as aforesaid} for the use and Credit aforesaid, such slave or slaves shall be manumitted and enfranchised, and shall further Order and decree all proper party and parties to execute the necessary deed or deeds of manumission; or in case such party or parties shall be out of the jurisdiction of such courts, then the judgment or decree directing such manumission, shall be as valid and effectual as if the deed or deeds of manumission decreed co be executed, had been actually executed.

And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the court in which any such suit may be instituted, to order such guardian Or next friend to give security for the costs of such suit, in case of his or her absence, or being about to depart from this Government, and not otherwise.

And lie it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed d Public Act; and all judges, justices and jurors, are required to take notice thereof accordingly.

Passed the Assembly, this twenty-second day of May, in the year of our Lord OnC thoUSahd eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) John Charles Kef', Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Council, this twenty-second day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

Owsley Rowleys. D. Clerk Council.

Dated in the town of St. George and Island of Grenada, this twenty-seventh day of July, in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred' and eighteen.

^Signed) John Hoyts, Speaker.

Assented, to by, his Excellency the Governor and' Commander in chief, in and over the Island, of Grenada and its dependencies. Chancellor, Ordinary and Vice-Admiral of the same, this, twenty-seventh day of July, in the year of cur Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen;

(Signed) Owsley Rowley, D. Clerk Council.

Duly pubMieffm thetowii of Saint GeOrgc, in the Island of Grenada aforesaid, this twenty-eighth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred: and eighteen*

(>Sigrted)i James Edmislen, D. P. M.

A true Copy,

(/Signed), Phincus (<l. m> s.) Riall. Omltty Rmyley, Deputy Secretary-.

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OP REAVES IN THE COLONIES. 27

GRENADA.

AN ACT to amend an Act, intituled, “An Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves, in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies.”

WHEREAS by an Act of these Islands, intituled, “An Act for establishing a Preamble. Registry of Negro and other Slaves, in the Island of Grenada and its dependencies,” it is among other things enacted, that when and so soon as the original returns delivered to the registrar, agreeably to the provisions of this Act, shall have been respectively enrolled, the registrar shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Governor or Coriimander in chief for the time being; who shall thereupon publicly notify to the inhabitants, in such manner as he shall deem most fit and effectual, that the registry of slaves is ready to' be verified before him, and that the same is and will continue open at the proper office for the space of two months, for the inspection of all persons who may be interested therein; and if at any time within the term prescribed by the said notification, any owner or possessor of slaves shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the said Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, that the nondelivery of his or her return to the registrar within the allotted period, or any error or omission therein, had arisen from accident, insurmountable impediment, or any other sufficient cause, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief for the time being, to make an order in writing, by him subscribed and directed to the registrar, commanding him to receive and enrol any stich return or rectified return, as if the same had been made and delivered to him in proper "time, which order the registrar is thereby enjoined to obey.

And whereas by the said Act it is also enacted, that on the thirty-first duy of December then next ensuing, the registrar shall finally close and authenticate the primary or original registration of all the slaves within this Island and its dependencies, which shall thenceforth be called “ The original registry of Slaves of the Island of Grenada and its dependencies,” in manner following; (to wit) in each of the said books, or in the last of the said books, the said registrar shall write with hi6 own hand, in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves, either on the same folio or double page, oron the back of the last, leaf containing the same, “ Registry of Slaves, of the Island of Grenada and its dependencies, up to the thirtieth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen: ” And die said registrar shall thereto subscribe his name and affix his seal; and before the said signature, shall be written in like characters, by the same registrar, the following affidavit:

Grenada. “ Before A. B. [inserting the name and title of the Governor, Lieutenant “ Governor, or Civil Commander in chief for the time beings personally “ appeared C. D. [meaning himself ] the registrar of slaves in the said “ Island of Grenada and its dependencies, who being duly sworn on the “ Holy Evangelists of Almighty God, makes oath and saith, That the said “ C. D. has carefully examined and compared all the preceding entries in “ this book [or, in this set of books,] with all the .different returns of slaves “ delivered to him; and that the preceding registry of slaves of this Island of “ Grenada and its dependencies, is in all respects correctly and, faithfully “ made.”

Which affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar, shall he stVom before the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief for the time being, who is thereby authorized to administer the said oath, and who shall subjoin the following certificate underhis h&nd and the great seal of this Island:

“I, A.B. [inserting the name and title of office,\do hereby certify, the “ above affidavit was duly, sworn before me, this day of

“ one thousand eight hundred and Witness my hand and

“ the great seal of the Island of Grenada and its dependencies, this « day of one thousand eight huiirired

“ and

And whereas it appears to have been the cigar intention of the Legislature, in passing the hereinbefore recited clauses of the safd Act, that" the primary registration of all slaves within this Government should be completed and be ready for closing on or before the thirty-first day of October then next ensuing; that two months shall he allowed to the inhabitants for correcting or rectifying any errors or omissions in their said primary or original returns, to the satisfaction of the Commander in chief; and that on the said' thirty-first day of December next ensuing after the date of the

PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

2&

GRENADA.

said Act, the said original registry of all slaves within this Government should be finally and absolutely closed and authenticated.

And whereas notwithstanding the most diligent exertion on the part of the registrar of slaves, it was found impossible to receive, transcribe, record and compare the said original returns in the period aforesaid, or to complete the record thereof before the thirty-first day of December last, being the day peremptorily fixed for the, final closing ana authenticating the same, and the said record was on the said thirty-first day of December last, closed and authenticated by the said registrar, before his Excellency the Governor; by reason whereof the inhabitants of these Islands have been deprived of the opportunity intended to be given them, during the two months calculated to exist between the completing and the closing of the said original record, of correcting or rectifying any error or omission in their original returns, which may have arisen from accident, insurmountable impediment, or any other sufficient cause.

And whereas the inhabitants of these Islands have felt themselves severely inconvenienced by this deprivation, and have endeavoured to rectify the said original returns, when in any case incorrect, by explaining or correcting the same in the subsequent or annual return of increase or decrease given in to the said registrar, under the authority of the said Act, in the month of January last.

And whereas doubts have arisen how far the said registrar is justified in receiving the said amended returns, explanatory of errors in the original returns; and the parties remain liable to all the pains and penalties incurred by reason of giving in false returns, or incorrect original returns for registration : For remedy whereof, and for the purpose of enabling all persons who are, or at any time were, bound to make returns of slaves under or by authority of the said recited Act, and who hgve committed any errors, either by omitting the names of slaves who ought to have been returned, or by making double returns or otherwise, to correct their returns, and to enable the Commander in chief to give all necessary orders and directions in regard to the registration thereof; and for preventing all persons who may have committed involuntary errors from incurring the penalties inflicted by the said Act; and for enabling the registrar to insert all such corrections in the books of registry kept by him,-

Clause i.

Any person making it appear to satisfaction ofGovernor that error in last annual return arose from accident, insurmountable impediment or other sufficient cause, lawful for Governor to make an order in writing directed to registrar, commanding him to receive ana enrol such rectified returns, and registrar required to obey; to class all omissions in original returns separately and d istinctly at end of last page of book; and all

Be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of these Islands, that if at any time within the space of one month after the passing of this Act, any ow-ner or possessor of slaves shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the said Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, that any error or omission in the original or the last annual return of slaves in their possession, on the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, being the dates of the original registry and of the first annual returns, had arisen therein from accident, insurmountable impediment, or any other good and sufficient cause, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor or Commander in chief to make an order in w'riting, by him subscribed, and directed to the registrar, commanding him to receive, enrol and record such rectified return or returns; and the said registrar is hereby required to obey the said order, classing all slaves coming under the head of omissions in the original returns, separately and distinctly at the end or on the last page of the book containing the increase or decrease, in order that the same may be seen and exhibited at one view; and all person or persons having obtained or obtaining such order or orders as aforesaid, or acting in pursuance of or in obedience to the same, shall be. exempted, indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred or to be incurred under or by virtue of the said Act, by reason of such error or omission, previous to the passing of this Act.

persons obtaining such orders, exempted from penalties incurred under former Act.

Clause 2.

Recites insufficiency of registrar’s snlury.

Twenty-first clause of Registry Bill repealed.

And whereas, by the twenty-first clause of the Registry Bill, the registrar’s salary, for the second and following years, is fixed at two hundred pounds per annum; and such sum being found altogether inadequate to the trouble and responsibility of the office; Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said twenty-first clause of the said Act for establishing a registry of negro and other slaves, with every matter and thing therein contained, shall henceforward be repealed and no longer in force, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

Clause 3.

New salary fixed at 8ool. per annum, payable half yearly.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the ninth day of April last, the salary to be allowed the said registrar shall be fixed and established at eight hundred pounds currency per annum, to be paid to him at half-

yearly

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES.

li'O

yearly periods, out of the public treasury of these islands, for each and every year GRENADA.

during the continuance of this Act, and while he the said registrar shall reside in this * v'-^-1

Government, and perform the duties of such situation aforesaid.

Passed the Assembly, this thirteenth day of November, in the year of our Lord Passed Assembly, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 13th November

(Signed) John Ch. Kerr, Clerk of Assembly. 1

Passed the Council, this thirteenth day of November, in the year of our Lord Council, same da) one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) Owsley Rowley, Deputy Clerk of Council.

Dated at the town of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, this fourteenth Dated, 14th day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and November 1818. eighteen, and in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, See.

(Signed) John Hoyes, Speaker.

Assented to by his Excellency the Governor and Commander in chief over the Assent, 14th Island of Grenada and its Dependencies, this fourteenth day of November, November 1818. in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) Owsley Rowley, Deputy Clerk of Council.

Duly published in the town of Saint George in the Island of Grenada aforesaid, Published, 16th this sixteenth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight November 1818. hundred and eighteen.

(Signed) James Edmiston, D. P. M.

NEVIS. NEVIS.

AN ACT further to extend the Provisions of a certain Act of the General Council and Assembly of the Leeward Islands, intituled, “An Act more effectually to provide for the support, and to extend certain Regulations for the protection of Slaves; to promote and encourage their increase, and generally to meliorate their condition in the Island of Nevis.”

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws now in force relating to slaves should be revised, and other provisions enacted for their benefit, and to promote their moral and religious instruction, by means whereof their general comfort and happiness may be increased, as far as is consistent with due order and subordination, and the well being of this Colony ;-

May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty’s Island of Nevis, That from and after the commencement of this Act, all owners, proprietors, and possessors, or in their absence, the managers or overseers of slaves, shall as much as in them lies, endeavour to promote the instruction of their slaves in the principles of the Christian religion, whereby to facilitate their conversion; and shall do their utmost endeavours to fit them for baptism, and as soon as conveniently may be, cause to 6e baptised, all such as they can make sensible of a duty to God and the Christian faith; which ceremony the clergymen of the respective parishes, are to perform when required.

And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no shop shall be kept open upon the sabbath day.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the crop, not only shall the slaves be exempted as heretofore from all labour in the field on Sundays, but that no mills shall be put about or worked between the hours of eight o’clock on Saturday night and five o’clock on Monday morning, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to be recovered against the manager, overseer or other person having the charge of such estate.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to prevent any person from mutilating, dismembering, or cruelly beating or confining any slave or slaves, that if any master, mistress, owner, possessor, or otherperson whatsoever, shall at his, her or their own will and pleasure, or by his, her or their direction, or with his.

PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

NEVIS.

her or their knowledge, sufferance, privity or consent, mutilate or dismember any slave J or slaves, or wantonly or cruelly whip, maltreat, beat, bruise, wound, or imprison or keep in confinement without sufficient support, any slave or slaves, he, she or they shall be liable to be indicted for such offence in the supreme court of judicature of this Island, and upon conviction thereof shall suffer such punishment by fine or imprisonment, or both, as the said court shall think proper to inflict; and in atrocious cases, the court before whom such offender or offenders shall have been tried and convicted, are hereby empowered, in case they shall think it necessary for the future protection of such slave or slaves, to declare him, her or them free and discharged from all manner of servitude to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and in all such cases the court are hereby empowered and authorized, if to them it shall appear necessary, to order and direct the fine imposed on the offender or offenders, to be paid into the public treasury of the Island; and in consideration thereof, the said treasurer shall be required to pay to each of the said slave or slaves so made free, the sum of twenty pounds per annum for his or her maintenance and support during life.

And in order to restrain arbitrary punishment, 13e it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no slave on any plantation or settlement, or in any situation whatever in this Island, shall receive more than ten lashes at one time and for one offence, unless the owner, attorney, guardian or manager of such estate, having such slaves in his care, shall he present; and that no owner, attorney, guardian or manager shall on any account punish a slave with more than thirty-nine lashes at one time and for one offence, nor inflict or suffer to be inflicted any other number of lashes, until the delinquent has recovered from such last mentioned punishment, under a penalty not less than fifty pounds or more than one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered against the person directing or permitting such punishment in a summary manner, upon conviction before any two magistrates, by warrant, besides being subject to be prosecuted by indictment in the supreme or assize court or courts of sessions in this Island, as for an offence against this Act.

And whereas complaints and informations may originate in malice against the owners or directors of slaves, and be for the purpose of injuring the party against Whom they are made: Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tnat every magistrate receiving such complaint, if upon investigation it shall appear groundless or tdbfe of that nature, shall and he is hereby required to give up the name or name of such complainant or complainants, informer or informers, under a penalty of fifty pounds, that the injured party may be enabled to seek redress by law.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties hereby imposed, and not hereinbefore provided for, shall be recoverable by indictment or information ’’ * any of His Majesty’s courts of record in the said Island; and that such penalties, when recovered, shall be paid into the public treasury of this Island, to be appropriated for the public uses thereof.

And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ of certiorari or other process shall issue or be issuable, to remove any proceedings whatsoever had in pursuance of this Act, into the supreme court of judicature, or any other of the courts of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence, continue and be in force from the passing and publication of the same.

Dated at Saint Christopher’s, this eighteenth day of May, in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and i.< the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Magnus Morton.

Passed the Assembly, this fourteenth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. John Huggins, Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Board of Council, this fourteenth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. John R. Small, Clerk Secretary.

Thomas (l. a.) Probyn.

Published by beat of Drum, this twenty-second day of May, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen. William Keepe, Deputy Provost Marshal.

A true Copy of the Original Act,

John R. Small, Colonial Secretary.

Assemblies] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES 31

TOBAGO.

AN ACT to amend an .ct, intituled, “An Act to establish a Public Registry of all Slaves in the Colony of Tobago.”

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, intituled, “An Act to establish a public Registry of all Slaves in the colony of Tobago,” it was by the fifth clause thereof enacted, that the original returns of slaves should be made to the registrar of slaves on or before the thirty-first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And whereas by the thirty-eighth and last clause of the said Act, it was enacted, that the force, effect, and operation of the said Act should be suspended until Ilis Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting for and in behalf of His Majesty, should declare and make known the Royal pleasure and assent thereto: And whereas it has so happened that the Royal assent to the said Act was not declared and made known in this Island until the twentieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighteen : And whereas the period at w liich the original returns of slaves should be made and delivered to the registrar, had elapsed before the Royal assent to the said Act was declared and made known in this Island; and it is highly expedient that some other time should be appointed for the purpose of making, delivering, and registering the said original returns of slaves :-

Now therefore, We, His Majesty’s most dutiful and loyai subjects, his Excellency Sir Frederick Philipse Robinson, Knight Commander of the most honourable order of the Bath, Major General of His Majesty’s forces, Captain General and Governor in chief in and over the Island of Tobago and its dependencies; the Council and General Assembly of the said Island of Tobago; do humbly pray His Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted accordingly, by the authority aforesaid, That the period for making up the original returns of slaves, as required by the said recited Act, is hereby extended unto the first day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

And the schedules, lists, and particulars in writing, as directed by the fifth clause of the said recited Act, shall be delivered upon oath to the registrar of slaves within thirty days after that day.

And whereas the schedules annexed to the said recited Act (which are a model for the future returns of slaves) are not sufficiently particular and minute: Be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the printed blank forms of returns, schedules, or lists of slaves, directed by the fifth and sixteenth clauses of the said hereinbefore mentioned Act, to be provided by the registrar of slaves at the public expense, (which printed forms all persons are hereby required and directed to make use of for the purpose of making the returns of slaves required by this and the said recited Act,) whether the same shall be made use of for an original or annual return, shall contain one certain other perpendicular column, the head whereof shall be intitled, “ Remarksin which said column the person making such return shall, and he is hereby required and directed to note opposite to the name of any male or female slave, the loss of any limb or eye, if such slave shall luive lost the «ame; to the end, purpose and intent, that the said slave may thereby be the better known and more easily identified; and the remurks noted in the said column ''hall be part of the description of the slave opposite to w hose name the same shall be inserted; and the said description shall be, and shall be construed to be, within the meaning of the words, “ description or descriptions of any slave or slaves,” in the twenty-sixth clause of the said hereinbefore mentioned Act. And be it further enacted, That the register books, whether the same be for the entry of the original or annual returns of plantation or unattached slaves, shall also contain one certain other column, to be intitled, at the head thereof, “ Remarks in which said column the registrar of slaves, his clerks or assistants, shall insert the remnrks noted and made in the like column of the return, schedule or list aforesaid : anti in case the said registrar shall refuse to insert such remarks in his said books, or shall falsely insert any remarks, with an intention so to do, he the said registrar shall be deemed

TOBACO.

Preamble.

Clause l.

Period for making returns prescribed by the Registry Act, extended to ist January i8iy.

Clause 3.

Printed blank forms directed to be made use of by persons making returns, to have an additional column, to be intitled “ Remarks," in which the loss of uny limb or eye is to be inserted, if the slave shall hove lost either.

Registry books to have alike column.

Registrar refusing to insert such remarks in his books liable to penalties, imposed liy 33rd

32

PAPERS RELATING TO THE [Acts of

TOBAGO.

to have refused to receive a return, or to have made a false entry within the meaning ' ' J of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth clauses of the said recited Act, and shall

iiud i4th clauses be subject and liable to the penalties thereof accordingly, of Registry Act. J 1

Gause 3- And whereas by the hereinbefore mentioned Act, no provision was made as to

whom and in what manner the registrar of slaves, for the time being, should make any such original or annual returns of slaves as therein required, or which he the said registrar might be subject to make: Now' therefore be it, and it is hereby enacted Registrar of slaves by the authority aforesaid, That the registrar of slaves for the time being, shall,

theTommander in "*^im ^ie l^r^s appointed by this or the said recited Act, or at the first privy chief within the*11 C0UI1C^ w'hich may be next subsequently held, appear before the Governor, Lieutenant periods appointed Governor, or Commander in chief, for the time being, in Council, and there make and tor making returns, deliver upon oath, in duplicate, the schedule, list and particulars in writing, of all

oadi^lndu Ucate s^aves vv^c^ he *s owner, renter or possessor, or for which he is, or may by the Particulars in’ this or the said recited Act be required to make a return, in like manner as the original writing of all slaves and annual returns of slaves are appointed to be made to the said registrar; one of which he is the copy of which shall be delivered to the said registrar, to be by him registered in the owner, Ac. book or books appointed for the registering the original or annual return of slaves,

as the case may be; and the other copy, or the duplicate, shall be kept and preserved Registrar liable to by the clerk of the Council: And the registrar of slaves, for the time being, shall be ^oACTpa^onsT5 an<* *s hereby declared to be subject and liable to the same penalties, as touching the for omission or said original and annual returns of slaves so hereby appointed to be made to the neglect in making Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in chief, for the time being, in returns. Council, on the omission or neglect thereof, as all other persons are by this or the

said recited Act liable and subject to, as to the original or annual returns of slaves appointed to be made to the registrar of slaves, on the omission and neglect thereof; such penalties to be sued and recovered in manner and form prescribed by the twenty-sixth clause of the said recited Act, and applied to the uses therein directed. I

Clause 4. And be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That notwithstanding

No default, &c. of any thing contained in this or the said recited Act, that no default, neglect, or making returns for ® e ^ ,

registrations shall omission of returning for registration, or m the registering any slave or slaves

entitle slaves to required by this or die said recited Act to be registered, shall entitle such slave

freedom, to the or slaves to freedom, to the prejudice of any person or persons having, or lawfully

prejudice of any claiming, any right, tide, estate or interest whatsoever, either at law or in equity, person having a e’ j'9 » 7 . . . , V . , • . J

right tosuch slaves, or by mortgage, or m reversion, or m remainder, or otherwise howsoever, in, to or

outer than the ’ out of the said slave or slaves, other than the persons actually making, or fraudulendy

person actually and wilfully neglecdng or omitting to make the said return, being the person or

lend ° omittf”Uto" Persons seise<I of an absolute and unconditional estate in fee, of, in and to the said

such return, slave or slaves, and being then in his, her or their actual possession.

he having an absolute estate in fee to such slaves.

Clause 5. And be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the annual

In the annual re- returns prescribed by this and the said recited Act, to be made as per schedule

be"*8 to and C. attached to and forming part of the said recited Act, in the return

schedule B^and C. of “ Increase by Births,” after the date, shall be added the name of the mother

attached to former of the child; and in the return of “ Decrease by Deaths,” after the date, shall be

Act, under the added the disease, or other cause, of which it is supposed the individual has died, head of u Increase

by Births,’' after the date, the name of the mother of the child to be added; and under the head of “ Decrease by Deaths," after the date, the disease, or other cause of death.

Clause 6. And be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person

No person liable or persons shall be liable for any penalty or forfeiture imposed by this or the said noiureturn^of run- recRed Act, for the non-return for registration, or the non-registering of any slave or away slaves, pro- slaves who may have absconded, or have been out of his, her or their controul, at vided the names of the time of making such original or annual returns, as required and prescribed by this runaways or recited Act; provided such person or persons do and shall specify the

in die schedules name or names of such slave or slaves in the schedule, lists, and particulars in writing,

directed to be re- required to be returned by this and the said recited Act.

Clause 7. And be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That three hundred

300 Copies of this copies of this Act shall be printed at the public expense, and distributed or otherwise Act to be printed, disposed of as the Governor or Commander in chief for the time being, the Presidend of the Council, the Speaker of the Assembly, and the Registrar of Slaves for the time being shall direct.

And

Assemblies.] TREATMENT OF SLAVES IN THE COLONIES 3.5 / ,

TOBAGO.

And be it, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act. and be judicially taken notice of Clause 8. as such by all courts, judges and justices whatsoever. judicially token

John Robleu, President of the Council. notice of as a

Passed the Council, the thirtieth day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

Samuel Co.v, Acting Clerk Council. FJphimtone Piggott, Speaker of the House of General Assembly.

Passed the House of General Assembly, the thirtieth day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

James Wilcoc/i, Clerk of General Assembly.

Assented to, this fourth day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

/’. P. Robinson, Governor.

Duly proclaimed by ine, this fourth day of August one thousand eight hundred

Public Act.

and eighteen.

John Barnes, Deputy Provost Marshal. GOD save the King.

AN ACT to regulate the conduct, and tofix tire value of the labour of Negroes acting as Porters and Labourers in the Towns of Scarlxtrouglt and Plymouth.

WHEREAS there are a number of negroes acting as porters and labourers in the Preamble, towns of Scarborough and Plymouth, who demand most unreasonable and exorbitant prices for their services; and it is expedient that regulations be made for the conduct of such persons, and that the value of their services should be fixed

and dealt with as a slave absenting himself from his owners service.

Be it therefore enacted by His Majesty's most loyal and dutiful subjects, his Ex- Clause 1.

cellency Sir Frederick Phiiipse Robinson, Captain General and Commander in chief No s,ave to act

in and over the island of Tobago and its dependencies, the Council and General a lakourerand . , , /• 1 m ® * / , 1 , . . porter in the towns

Assembly of the same, that no slave shall act as a porter and labourer m the towns kr harbours of

or harbours of Scarborough or Plymouth without a ticket from their owners, and a Scarborough or

licence from two sitting justices in Scarborough, signed by them; which licence may Plymouth without

be granted to a porter and labourer upon his producing to two sitting justices a ticket ^mathelr

from his owner, which ticket shall be filed and recorded by the sitting justices; and licence’from the

every porter and labourer to whom a licence is granted shall wear the same on the sitting justices

front of his hat; and any slave presuming to act as a porter and labourer in the mSonborough;

said towns or harbours without such licence worn as directed, shall be considered womht the'hat

Any slave acting without it, to be dealt with as a runaway.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a licensed porter and Clause 2. labourer shall be paid, if employed on shore by the day as a labourer, six shillings A licensed porter per day by the person employing him; and if employed in the harbour on board a and labourer to be vessel, he shall be paid eight shillings and three-pence per day; and if employed for per day onshore, a less time than a day, he shall be paid one shilling and sixpence per hour on shore, and eight shillings and two shillings per hour on board; and the master or other person having charge a»d three-pence on of the vessel shall furnish the labourers he employs with a boat, manned, to bring f 5 an<*

them on shore to their breakfast and dinner, or shall pay them double wages: and eighteen-pence per any licensed porter and labourer refusing to be employed, shall, upon complaint hour on shore, and thereof made to any tw o sitting magistrates, forfeit his licence, and be rendered two shillings on

incapable of being licensed within two months. board “vessel.

1 ® Licensed labourers

and porters refusing to be employed, to forfeit licence for two months

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a licensed porter and Clause 3. labourer, if employed to carry letters or burthens not exceeding fifty pounds, shall port<;rs

be paid by the person employing him one shilling and sixpence per mile from tfoyed^otxrry1' town, if the distance be not more than five miles, and the sum of four pence half- letters and bur-penny per mile for every mile beyond five miles; and any licensed porter and labourer thens not excecd-refusing to be employed to carry letters or burthens not exceeding fifty pounds, shall inS solbs.tobe upon complaint made to the sitting magistrates, be punished in manner directed by the pence pennHe preceding clause. from town, if not

more than five miles, and four-pence halfpenny for every mile beyond.

Licensed porters and labourers refusing to be employed, to be punished as by the second clause.

34 PAPERS RELATING TO THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES, &c.

TOBAGO.

[Clause 4.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of any dispute between a licensed porter and labourer and the person employing him, two

Sitting magistrates magistrates are hereby empowered and required to adjust and settle all such

to adjust and settle disputes, and to issue their warrant under their hands and seals, for the recovery of disputes between all hiring and wages payable under and by virtue of this Act, in the nature of an bnirev their execut*on issuing out of the court of Common Pleas, on a judgment obtained therein.

[Clause 5. Persons employing

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person employing a licensed porter and labourer, shall give him a ticket, specifying the mode in porters and labour- which he is to be employed, whether by the day, or by the hour, or by the mile, ers, to give them a before he shall be compelled to do any work whatsoever; and such licensed porter thenatur«»ndterm an(* labourer shall not be subject to the penalties of this Act, for refusing to be em-ofsendee required; ployed, if the person desirous of employing him shall refuse to give him such ticket and porters and la- as required by this clause, bourers may refuse to be employed without such ticket.

---

[Clause 6. Act to continue three years.]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in force for space of three years from the publication thereof, and from thence until the end of the next meeting of the Legislature, and no longer.

Elphinstone Piggott, Speaker of the House of General Assembly.

Passed the House of General Assembly, the thirtieth day of July, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

James Wilcock, Clerk of the General Assembly.

John Robley, President of the Council.

Passed the council, the thirtieth July one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

Samuel Cox, Acting Clerk of the Council.

Assented to, this fourth day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

F. P. Robinson, Governor.

Duly proclaimed by me, this fourth day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

John Barnes, Deputy Provost Marshal,

GOD save the King.

