A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 31 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed

or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Con-

fumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported

into England; and upon Foreign Spirits imported into

Great Britain; and to continue certain Acts for discon-

tinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in

Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts,

Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Di/lillation of

Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu

thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-

made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scot-

land to England; and to continue, for a limited Time,

an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, to difeentinue, for a li?nited Lime, the

Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for

Hotne Covfu?nption, and for granting and fear ing the due

Payment of other Duties in Hen thereof; and for the bet-

ter Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Malt.

3. An Act to give further Time to John Alachride Esquire,

and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances,

in respect of his Petition presented to the House of Com-

mons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for

the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

4. An Act to continue and amend so much of two Acts,

made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the

Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to

31 Geo. III.

the authorising his Majesty to permit the Exportation of

Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Im-

portation thereof on the low Duties.

5. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on

the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein men-

tioned.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

7. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-one.

8. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua-

lify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to in-

demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omit-

ted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Offi-

cers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or, having been stamped, have been

lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such

Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the

Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Artornies and Soli-

citors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and

Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the

Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving

further Time for that Purpose.

l> 9. An

