The TITLES of

19. An Act for puniflVing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarter*.

20/ An Act for providing a Woilchouse for the Reception

of the Poor of the Parish of Stmt, in the County of

Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor

therein. ’

21. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in ‘

the Revenue of Excile with relpcct to the manufacturing

of Soap.

22. An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to

the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the

Greenland Seas and Davis's Sir eights; and to amend the

Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fishe-

jies carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Green-

land Seas and Davis's Streights* 9 ;

23. An Act for rectifying Millakes in the Names of several

of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the

last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act

made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting

an Aid to his Alajc/ly by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great

Britain , for the Service of the Year one thoujandJeven hun-

dred and ninety-one; and for appointing other Com mi f-

sioners, together with those named in the firil-mentioned

Ad, to put in Execution an Act of this Seffioii of Parlia-

ment, for granting an Aid to his Majesh by a Land Tax,

x to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

one thou fund seven hundred and ninety-two; and for in-

demnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners

for executing the Paid Ad, for granting an Aid to his Ala-

k je/ly by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year one thousand J even hundred and ninety-

one.

24. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the

twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, as relates to

the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as

an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery; and to

enable his'Majesty to grant the said Premises.

25. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Scotland, further to increase die Capital Stock of

the said Company.

26. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England\ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

27. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or otners, who have

omitted to register cr deliver in their Quallocations within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers

irv Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad-

missions have been omitted to be damped according to

Law, or, having been damped, have been loll or millaid,

and for allowing them l ime to provide Admissions duly

{lamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of

Indentures of Clerks to Attormcs and Solicitors; for in-

demnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Mi-

litia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their

Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time

limited by Law, and for giving further 'Time for that Pur-

pose; and for, allowing further l ime to such Persons as

have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Con-

tracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

29. An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief

S

the STATUTES.

and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed in tho

Coal Trade on the River Wear, in the County of Dur-

ham, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or

by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and

their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and

Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

30. An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and

Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Alary AlagdAeny

in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salo!), and for rebuilding

the fame, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said

Parish.

31. An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and

otherwise improving, the Bland of Guivey, in the County

of Esex.

32. An Act to rev ive and continue so much of an A<St, made

in die sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as

relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Gozvcs in the

Me of flight, and the Ports of Southampton and Port/--

mouth; and to extend the fame to Horles and Lambs ;

and to amend the said Act.

33. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in

the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encourage-

ment of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for ejla-

blishing a regular Ale t hod for the punctual, frequent, and

certain Pay inert of their IGages \ and for enabling them

more tafdy and readily to remit the Jame for the Support cf"

their I Gives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and

Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending

the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-

cammiffiuned Officers cf Marines^and Marines, serving,

or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty *s

Ships.

34. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in

the, twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds

and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money,

and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers

and Stamen on Beard any of his A If e fly's Ships; and for

further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and

Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and

Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board arty

cf his Majesty’s Ships.

35. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money put of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-two; fgr

further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament; and for making forth ^Duplicates of Ex-

chequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts,

Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loll, burnt, or otherwise

destroyed.

36. An Ac« to continue several Laws therein mentioned, re-

lating to the ciifcontinuing the Duties payable upon the

Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grealc; to the

free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from

Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the

prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made

ule of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this King-

dom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and

Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into

Fails beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots*

for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal*

and the Ifu cf Thanrt; to the ascertaining the Strength

of‘Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer; and to the allowing

the lmjKjrtation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Sale*

free of Duty.

37* An

