353

Vacancies of

Governor*, &c.

to be filled up by

the Diic£Lr3,

If th* Directers

nested! to fill up

Vacsncie-, his

M ij* fiy may

fu;»p!y them.

Directorx may

appoint Pets.;ns

protifioniUy

to supply Va-

cancies.

Act nor to vacate

any Appoint-

ments already

made.

How Vacancies

are ta be supplied

when no Sue-

ctflors are on

the Spot, Scc.

Next Member

of Council to

Commander in

Chief to succeed

to the temporary

Government of

a Presidency,

iinleft the Com-

irander in Chief

shall have been

provisionally

appointed.

C. 52. Anno tncefimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

as have been and now are under the Admini ft ration of the Government or Presidency of Fort Saint George,

shall be and are hereby vested in a Governor and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency of Fort

Saint George, subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as aforesaid ; 2nd that the whole Civil and

Military Government of the Presidency and island of Bombay on the Coast of Malabar, and the Ordering, '

Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues on the said Coast of Malabar^

shall be and are hereby vested in a Governor and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency and Island

of Bombay, subject as aforesaid, and the said Governors and Councils of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint

George and Bombay respectively, being also subject to the Superintendance and Controll! of the said Governor

General in Council, in Manner by this Act provided or directed in that Behalf, any Act or Acts to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Vacancies happening in the Office of Governor General of

Fort William in Bengal, or of any of the Members of the Council there, or of Governor of either of the

Company’s Presidencies or Settlements of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of any of the Members of the

Council of the fame reflectively, or of Governor of the Forts and Garrisons at Fort IVilHam, Fort Saint

George, or Bombay, or of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, or of any Provincial Commander

in Chief of the Forces there, all and every of such Vacancies shall be filled up and supplied by the Court of

Directors of the said United Company, the Vacancies of any of the said Members of Council being always

supplied from amongst the Lift of Senior Merchants of the said Company, who shall have respectively redded

twelve Years in India in their Service, and not otherwise, except as is herein-after otherwise provided.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That when and so often as the said Court of Directors

shall neglect, for the Space of two Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day whereon the Notification

of the Vacancy of any Office or Employment in India, in the Appointment of the said Court of Directors,

shall have been received by the said Court, to supply such Vacancy, then and in every such Cafe it shall be

lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to constitute and appoint, by Writing under his or their

Royal Sign Manual, (under the fame Restrictions and Regulations as are herein-before provided with re-

speCl to the Nominations and Appointments made by the said Court of Directors,) such Per foil to supply such

Vacancy as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think proper; and that every Person so coristituted

and appointed shall have and be invested with the fame Powers, Privileges, and Authorities as if he or they

had been nominated and appointed by the said Court of Directors, and shall be subject to recall only by the

King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors to appoint any

Person or Persons provisionally to succeed to any of the Offices aforesaid, forsupplying any Vacancy or Va-

cancies therein, when the fame shall happen by the Death or Resignation of the Person or Persons holding

the fame Office or Offices respectively, or on his or their Departure from India, or on any Event or Con-

tingency expressed in any such proviftonal Appointment or Appointments to the fame respectively, and such

Appointments again to revoke, but that no Person so appointed to succeed provisionally to any of the said Of-

fices shall be entitled to any Authority, Salary, or Emolument, appertaining thereto, until he shall be in the

aCtual Possession of such Office, any Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this ACt contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to vacate or disturb any Appointments already lawfully made, whether provisionally or

otherwise, to any of the said Offices, any Thing herein contained to the conti ary notwithstanding.

XXfX. And be it further enacted, That if any Vacancy shall happen in the Office of Governor General of

Fort TVifUam, or of Governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay respectively, when no provisional or other Suc-

cessor shall be upon the Spot to supply such Vacancy, then and in every such Cafe the Counsellor of the Prefi-

dency wherein such Vacancy shall happen, next in Rank to the said Governor General, or Governor respeC-

tively, shall hold and execute the said Office of Governor General or Governor, until a Successor shall arrive, or

until foine other Person on the Spot shall be duly appointed thereto ; and if the Council Board shall happen

during that Interval to become reduced to one only Member, beftdes the Acting Governor General or Go-

vernor, then and in such Cafe the Person f> acting as Governor General or Governor shall be, and is hereby

impowered to call to the Council Board such one of the Senior Merchants of the said Company, at such Pre-

fidency where the Vacancy shall occur, as he shall think fit, to be a temporary Member of the said Board, and

that the Person so called mall accordingly fit and aft as a Member of the said Council, and shall have the

fame Powers in all other Rcfp^fts as are given to Persons appointed to the Council Board by the said Court

of Directors, until the Arrival of a Successor or other Appointment made to the Office of Governor General

or Governor respectively ; and thatevery such Acting Governor General, Governor, and occasional Coun-

fellor, shall, during the Time of their continuing to act as such respectively, be entitled to receive the several

Emoluments and Advantages appertaining to the said Offices by them respectively supplied, such AftingGo-

vernor General and Governor foregoing their Salary and Allowances of Counsellor for the same Period.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the Time of any Vacancy happening in the

Office of Governor General, or of a Governor of any of the said Presidencies, no eventual Successor ap-

pointed under the Authority of this Act shall be present upon the Spot, any Commander in Chief, although

he shall be then a Member of the Council of the Presidency where such Vacancy shall occur, shall not fuc-

ceed to the temporary Government of such Presidency, unless such Commander in Chief shall have been

provisionally appointed to supply the fame, but that the Vacancy shall be supplied by the Counsellor next in

Rank at the Council Board to such Commander in Chief, any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XXXI. And

C.

