A.D. 1793* Anno tricedmo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

%

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Vacancy shall happen of the Office of a Counsellor at

either of the said Presidencies, when no Person provisionally or other wise appointed to succeed thereto shall

be then resident on the Spot, then and on every such Occasion such Vacancy (halJ be supplied by and at

the Nomination or Appointment of the Governor General in Council of Fort TFtUiaWy or the Governor

in Council of Fort Saint George or Bombay respectively, from amongst the Senior Aderchants in the said

Company’s Service in India \ and that the Person or Persons so nominated shall execute the said Office, and

shall have the fame Powers in all Respects as are given to Persons appointed to the Council Board by the

said Court of Directors, until a Succefl’or or Successors shall arrive, duly appointed by the said Court of

Directors, and shall have and be entitled to the Salary and other Emoluments and Advantages appertaining

to the hid OfHce or Offices during his or their Continuance therein respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the Office of Governor General, and the Office of

Commander in Chief of all the Forces in Lidia, shall not be vetted in the same Person, such Commander

in Chief shall and may, if specially authorized for that Purpose by the said Court of Directors, and not

otherwise, be a Member of the Council of Fort IPilliam \ and that when the Offices of Governor of Fort

Saint George, and Commander in Chief of the Forces there, shall be vetted in different Persons, or the

Offices of Governor of Bombay, and Commander in Chief of the Forces in Bombay, shall be vetted in

different Persons, such respective Commanders in Chief shall and may, if specially authorized by the Court

of Directors, and not otherwise, be a Adember of Council at the said respective Presidencies; and that

when any Commander in Chief shall be appointed a Member of any of the said Councils, such Comman-

der shall have Rank and Precedence at the Council Board next to the Governor General, or Governor of

the fame Presidency; but no Commander in Chief shall be entitled to any Salary or Emolument in respect

of his being a Member of any of the said Councils, unlcls the fame shall be specially granted by the Court of

Directoi s of the said Company.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Commander in Chief of all the

Forces in India (not being like wife Governor General) shall happen to be refluent at either of the Prefi-

dencies of Fort Saint George or Bombay, the said Commander in Chief shall, from the Time of his Arrival,

and during his Continuance at such Presidency, be a Member of the Council of such Presidency, and

during that Period the Provincial Commander in Chief of the Forces of the fame Presidency, if he shall be

a Member of the Council thereof, shall and may continue to fit and deliberate, but shall not have any Voice

at the Council Board.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the ATembers of the Council of either of the said

Presidencies shall by any Infirmity or otherwise be rendered incapable of acting, or of attending to act as

such, or if any of such Members shall be absent from the Presidency, and the Governor General, or either

of the said Governors, shall be desirous of having the Advice of a full Council upon any urgent Business,

the Governor General, or such Governors respectively, shall by virtue of this Act have full Power and Au-

thority to call any provisional Successor appointed, then on the Spot, or, there being none such on the Spot,

then any (enior Merchant on the Spot, to assist at the Council Board for that Turn ; but that such provU.

fional Successor, or other Person, shall not be entitled to any Salary or other Emolument in respect thereof,

nor shall his acting as an occasional Member of Council, in Manner aforesaid, deprive him of any Office or

Employment he before enjoyed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ring’s Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, by any Writing or Instrument under his or their Sign AIanual,countersigned by the Pre-

fident of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to remove or recall any Person or Persons holding

.any Office, Employment, or Commission, Civil or Military, under the said United Company in India for

the Time being, and to vacate and make void all or every, or any Appointment or Appointments, Com-

missionor Commissions, of any Person or Persons to any such Offices or Employments; and that all and

every the Powers and Authorities of the respe£live Persons so removed, recalled, or whole Appointment or

'Commission shall be vacated, shall cease or determine at or from such respective Time or Times, as in the

said Writing or Writings shall beexprefTed and specified in that Behalf: Provided always. That a Duplicate

or Copy of every such Writing or Instrument, under his Majesty’s Sign Manual, attested by the said Prefi-

dent for the Time being, shall, within eight^)ays after the fame shall be signed by his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, be transmitted or delivered to ffc Chairman or Deputy Chairman for the Time being of the

laid Company, to the Intent that the Court of Directorsof the said Company may be apprized thereof.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to preclude or take away the Power of the Court of Directors of the said Com-

pany from removing or recalling any of the Officers or Servants of the said Company, but that the said Court

shall and may at all Times have full Liberty to remove, recall, or difoiils any of such Officers or Servants,

at .their Will and Pieafure, in the like Manner as if this Act had not been made, any Governor General,

Governor, or Commander in Chiefi appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, through the De-

fault of Appointment by the said Court of Directors, always excepted; any Thing herein contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Departure from India of any Governor General, Go-

vernor, Member of Council, or Commander in Chief! with Intent to return to Europe, shall be deemed in

Law a Resignation and Avoidance of his Office or Employment; and that the Arrival in any Part of

Europe of any such Governor General, Governor, Member of Council, or Commander in Chief, shall be

asufficient Indication of such Intent; and that no Act or Declaration of any Governor General, or Go-

vernor^ or Member of Council, during his Continuance in the Presidency whereof he was so Governor

33 Geo. III. 3 A General,

359

Vacancy of

Counlclicri

when 00 Sue-

ceflors are^on

the Spot, to be

suppl.cd by the

Governor in

Council from

the Senior M«r-

chants.

The Comman-

der in Chief,

when nor rhe

Governor at the

Presidency, may,

by the Authori-

ty of the Direc-

tors, be the fe-

cond Member of

the Council.

The Comman-

der in Chief in

India, not bong

Governor Gene-

ral, while refi-

dent at tort

Saint George or

Bombay, /ball

be a Memberof

Council.

If any Member

/hall be incapa-

ble of attending,

the Governor of

the Presidency

may call to the

Coon-il a prnvi*

fional SucctlTor,

&c«

His Majesty, by

Sign M-nual,

ccunterfigned by

the President of

the Board, ra*y

remove any Of-

ficer or Servant

of the Company

in India,

A& not to pre-

clude the Direct

tors from re-

calling their

Officers or $er*

vania.

Departure from

India of any Go-

vernor General,

&c. with Intent

to return to Eu-

rope, to be

deemed a Refig-

nation 0/ Em-

ployment, dec.

