228 C. 42. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792

Rolls, though

the Othces

/fcould kc built

out of tbc Li-

J»ctty.

Bodies Politick,

4ez. miy fell

House?, Sec, for

the Purpokst of

vfthis Act.

I i/1 1 L liAl IIJ 1 v/1 aviiv .......

diars of such T ennnts for Life as may be Imams, and the Hu! oat ids of such Tenants for J -Ye as -v'*

Eernts Covert, for aid on Jiehult of them Lives, and all Infants, Issue unborn, Funaticks Idio-s Fm«

Covert, or under any other Di/.ibiluy, and also for all Persons who are or fh ill be fei7C 1 ' 'r

reditamenis, Eafcments, or

Direction* for

the Oifposal of

Purchatc Money

of Lands, Sec,

belonging to

CorpuiaiionP)

4cc*’

As fan as the.

*1,2951. ty.

2 d. to be paid

pursuant to 17

Geo. 3. c. 59.

/hall be replaced,

the Securities

purchased under

former Acts,

and to be pur*

chafed under

this Act, to

<nake one ag-

gregate Fund,

Ac.

i or pci idled of, or

Privileges which may

*nce of this

Hereditaments, balements, ana rrivuegt-v, UK , u. w_1Vi , __________ convey the Cra

for the Purposes aforesaid: And that all Commas, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances',’which lha l belo

.made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purpose s, any Law, Statute, Uflge, Settlement Will Cu'loni or

other Matter or '1 hing whatsoever to the comrai y thereof in any wile notwithstanding: And all’ Bod spo’i

tick. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Truitces, Executors, Administrator* fW

bands, Guardians, Committees, and all other Persons whotnloever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for

what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act. ‘

VIII. And be it further enacted That all Sums of Money which shall be so agreed to be paid for the

Purchase of any Houses, buildings. Lands, 1 enements. Hereditaments. Falements,or Privileges which Ibail

belong to any Corporation Sole, infant, Lunatick, Feme Covert, or shall be a Trurt FIrate or limited in

ftrid Settlement, shall, in case such Sum or Sums of Money respectively thall amount to or exceed the Sam

of two hundred Pounds, be laid out as soon a<; conveniently may be, with the Content of the said Court of

Chancery, (upon a Petition to be for that Purpose prtfented in a luminary Way.) the Purch/e of other

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled in lieu of the Lands Tene

ments. Hereditaments, Easements, or Privileges, winch may be ibid as aforesaid; and that the Chlrees of

such Conveyances and Settlements, and the Petitions for that Purpote, hail be paid in th“ fanw Manner as

the other Expences relating to the building the said Offices and Rcpoiitorics are hereby dlrc-fed to he mid

and in the mean 1 tme, and until such Purchase or Purchales shall be made, and in Cales where the Pu chali

Money shall not amount to the Lid Sum of two hundred Pounds, the Money agreed to be paid for such Pu

chales respectively as aforesaid shall be laid out in some Government Securities, in the Name and with the

Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, according to the general Rules and Orders

of the said Court, andI without F ee or Reward; and the Imereti and Dividends, arising upon such Securities

shall from Time to I ime be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been intitfe.l m ,h.

Rents and Prohts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fafements, and Privileges!

which may be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, in case the lame had not been fold; and in Cafes where the Fur

chafe Money shall not amount to the said Sum of two hundred Pounds, such Money shall belong absolute v

to the Person or Persons who would have been able, by t ine, Recovery, or otherwise, to have acauired the

absolute Dominion over, or Property of or in, and to have d.lpoled of the Hereditaments which maV be fold

for the Purposes aforesaid, tn case such Hereditaments had not been fold; and the Security or Ser,ri.;«

wherein such Money shall be inverted shall be transferred to the Person or Persons to whom sech Money El

belong, upon a I etit.ontobc presented for that Purpose to the fa.d Court of Chancery, in a summary Wav

the Expence of wh.ch shall be paid in the same Manner as the Expences of building the said Offices and Re

pofitories are hereby direcicd to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Sum of twenty-one thousand two hun-

dred and ninety-hve Pounds thirteen S.nlimgs and two Pence, herein-before mentioned to have been n-id

out of the Common and General Cash of the Suitors of the Court of Ciiancery, pursuant to th» feid

the seventeenth^Year of his present Majesty, shall be replaced, all the Securities,’ purdufed purfuS so the

. n,m,n,«L or imv of them, shall be transferred to the Account here-

C UIM.VIVV* - -

High Court of Chancery, and shall make one aggregate Fund, with the Securities to be purchased pursuant

to this Act, and to be placed to that Account; *>nd if there shall lie any Surplus Interests, or Dividends°of

the Securities so to be transferred to the said last-mentioned Account, after the said Sum of twenty- one tliou-

sand two hundred and ninety-five Pounds thirteen Shillings and two Pence, and the several Salaries/payable

out of the said last-mentioned Interest and Dividends, up to the Time of such Transfer as aforesaid being

made, then such Surplus shall be carried to the Account herein-belbre directed to be raised, of Interop arifin*

frorn^ Monies placed cut for the Benefit and better Secuiity of the Suiters of the High Court of Chancery’

i ,m,i, ,1,. and Dividends to arile from the Sect ’

four Clerks for whom Salaries are provided oy the teverai ru ts or i ariiiuuciu iita-iiM>uuu.- mcmiuntu lc_

lating to the said Office of the Accountant General, and the Salaries provided by the said Act of the fifth

Year of the Reign of his prelect Majesty, for the Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery, and also the several Sa-

laries and Payments by tins Act directed or authorised to be made, shall be paid out of the aggregate Fund of

Money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security

of

