5°

C. 4-2> 43'

Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1790.

monly made use of for the Purpose of extradting Oil therefrom, being the Growth of the said Colonies, Plan-

tations, and Provinces, on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling per Last, whenever the Prices of middling

British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of seventeen Pounds ten Sellings per La ft, and under the

fame Conditions, Rules, and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Seeds are now allowed to be im-

ported from Ireland, and also Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed commonly used for the Purpose of

Manure Duty-free.

iray he imported

in Brit' rh-built

Ship*, 0'i Pay-

ment of is.

Duty per Last,

when th* Price

of mi idling

Rape Seed rtull be 17I. 10?. pe* Last, and Rape Cakes Duty-free.

Rape Seed from

Ireland, or the

said Colonies,

mav be imported

without Duty,

and lod$»*d in

Warehouses, &c,

as Com, &c.

undtr 13 Geo.

III. Cap. 43.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import, enter, and land Rape Seed from

Ireland, or the said Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces, without Payment of Duty, and to lodge and secure

the fame in Warehouses under the joint Locks of the King and the Importer, and under such and the like Re-

gulations, Provisions, and Restrictions, with respeci either to the Warehousing, the taking it out for Home

Consumption, or the exporting thereof, as Corn, Meal, and Flour, are permitted to be imported, landed,

and warehoused, taken out and exported, by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reigaof his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carry-

ing into execution certain Orders of Council respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain9

and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of his Majesty s Colonies in America ; and for prevent-

ing Suits in consequence of the fame; and for making further Provisions relative thereto, relating to the Im-

portation and Exportation of Corn and Grain ; and to authorize his Majesty to permit the Exportation of*

Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

<€ So much of Act 30 Geo. III. Cap I. as relates to the Importation or Exportation of Corn and Grain, to

continue in force till Feb. 28, 1791 ; before which Day his Majesty, with the Advice of the Privy Coun-

ts cil, may permit the Exportation of Wheat, &c. and prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wheat, See. on

« the low Duties, &c.”

CAP. XLIII.

Preamble*

CommissioneM

cf Customs

may order the

Expences of

Seizure, &c, of

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out

of his Majesty’s Share of Seizures in general.

4 WHEREAS, by several Acts of Parliament now in force, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Cuf-

4 VV toms are empowered to cause all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and all Goods, of what Kind soever

4 they may be, which shall be leized by any Officer of the Customs for any Cause of Forfeiture, and con-

4 demned according to Law to be sold, or burnt or otherwise destroyed, in the Manner in the said Acts men-

4 tioned : And whereas the respective Officers seizing such Goods are intitled to certain Allowances arising

4 out of the nett Produce of such Seizures as shall be fold, after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and

4 Sale from the Whole, and to certain other Allowances where such Seizures are burnt or otherwise destroy-

i , pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts: And whereas, in Cafes where any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or

4 Goods shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, which are by Law liable on

4 Condemnation to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, or where the Produce arising from the Sale of any par-

4 ticular Seizure shall not be sufficient to answer the Expences of seizing, prosecuting, or condemning the

4 fame ; or if, upon any Trial, a Verdict shall be given for the Claimant, or the Ship, Vessel, Boat, or

4 Goods seized, shall not be condemned, the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs are by Law iin-

4 powered, if they think proper, to order the Charges arising by the Condemnation and Sale, and by the

4 Seizure and Prosecution of such Ships, Vessels, and Boats or Goods, whether they shall be condemned or

4 not, and all Manner of Law Bills, and other Charges of Management, to be paid out of his Majesty’s

4 Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of any Goods, which had been or might be seized and condemned :

4 And whereas, in order to encourage the Officers of the Customs to be vigilant in the Exertion of their Duty,

4 it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Laws, by authorising the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

4 Customs, in all Cafes where they in their Discretion and Judgment shall think proper, to pay out of his

4 Majesty’s Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of Goods seized and condemned, the Whole or any Parc

4 of the Charges and Expences that may arise from the Seizure and Detention of any Goods whatsoever, or

4 from the Prosecution, Condemnation, or Sale thereof, whether the Goods so seized shall be condemned or

4 not, or whether the Produce arising from the Sale of any Seizure shall be sufficient to answer the said

4 Charges and Expences or not, and in all such Cafes to allow to the Officer or Officers who shall leize any

4 such Goods, his or their full Share or Proportion of the nett Produce arising by the Sale or other Disposal

4 of such Seizure, without deducting therefrom such Charges and Expences, or such Part thereof as afore-

4 said :’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s moit excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. T hat in all Cafes where any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, of what Kind loever they

may be, shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, it shall and maybe lawful for the

said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, if they shall think proper, to order the Whole or any Part of

the Charges and Expences arising either from the Seizure, Custody, Removal, Detention, or Prosecution of

any

