A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 50, 5t. 349

the before-mentioned Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, contribute greatly to the Navigation of

the British Dominionsby building greatNumbers of Ships in the Ports of the said Provinces, but are in Want

4 of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine for the Purposes aforesaid P Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, pitch, &c. the

from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to import Pitch, Tar, Production of.

and Turpentine, being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories belonging to the said United States the

of America, from any of the Territories of the said United States into the Provinces of Nova Scotia and Now f*sm°ayA”c~

Brunswick; provided that such Pitch, Tar, or Turpentine shall not be imported except by British) Subjects, imported from

and in British-\>\jl\\t Ships owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law. thence into

Nova Scotia and New Brunswick by British Subjecb, Sec

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels, Goods, or Commodities, or other Things, which How Forfeitures

shall be forfeited by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, shall and may be seized and prosecuted, and aret0 prose-

the Produce thereof applied and disposed ot in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways, c“led and

Means, and Methods, as are provided in any of the aforesaid Acts respecting the Seizure and Prosecution of p ,e

Forfeitures.

CAP. LI.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intitu-

led, A i Act for enabling his Majesty to dire ft the IJJue of Exchequer Bills to a limited

Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned. —[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS, by an Act made and passed in this Session of Parliament, Commissioners were ap- Geo. ITT.

pointed for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills in the Manner therein mentioned; who have taken cap. 29. recited.

c upon themselves the Execution of the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

ena'sted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by tue said Act to ChmmJflbners

advance and lend Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of the said Act, to any Person or Persons, on under recited

the Security of any Wares or Merchandizes the Property of any other Person or Persons, with the Consent Act ma>'fend

oLtbe lawful Owner or Owners thereof, such Consent to be testified and proved, to the Satisfaction of such ^Xp^#ro®llIs

Com^niftioners, in such Manner as they, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that such the Frosty of

Wares or Merchandizes, being pledged with such Consent as aforesaid, shall be bound as fully and effec- others, with the

tually as if such Exchequer Bills were advanced and lent to the true Proprietor or Proprietors thereof re- Confem of the

spectively, under the said Act. ^ Ownersj

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by and may take

the said Act, in all Cafes where they shall lee Occasion, to accept and take, as a further and additional Se- ^35Atonal

curity for any Loan already made, or to be made, of any such Exchequer Bills, or any Part of such Loan, secuVhy, above

over and above the Security required by the said Act, any Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Ex- the Security re-

change, or other negociable Securities for Money whatever, which shall be deposited for that Purpose, as- quired by recited

the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct; and all such Exchequer Bills, India

Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities \ 1 Money, so deposited, shall, in Default of Pay-

ment of such Loan in the iVlanner directed by the said Act, become and be vested in the Lid Commijlianers^

and shall and may be fold and disposed of, or the Monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be

sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, for the Use of the said

Commissioners under the said Act.

,111. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons carrying on Trade in a Partnership or Partner* togiver

Firm with any other Person or Persons, shall apply for any Exchequer Bills to be advanced by virtue of the b^J9s!‘ceu^

said Act, or any of the Securities therein mentioned, and shall ihew, to the Satisfaction of the said Commit- a^omiifory^*

sioners, that such Exchequer Bills are to be advanced to such Person or Persons for the Use of the said Part- Note f.,r such

nership, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so applying for such Advance to give to the said Sum a* ihe

Commissioners, over and above the Security required by the said Act, a Promissory Note or Promiflbry Comwiflnners

Notes, in the Partnership Firm, in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, not exceeding in the Whole <lialUirc<a*

the Amount of the Sum to be advanced to such Person or Persons, with Interest for the fame, according to

the said Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct; which Promiflbry Notes as aforesaid shall respectively

be made payable to the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the 'l ime being, at such Times, and in such

Proportions, as the Advance to be made to the Person or Persons lo applying shall be stipulated to be paid

by the Obligation or Obligations to be entered into by such Person or Persons pursuant to the said Act;

which Notes shall be respectively made in the Form following; (that is to lay,)

41 J/ffB promise to pay to the Secretary of the Commifioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills for the Form.of Nets,

44 'Time being, the Sum of with Inierejlfor the fame, at the Rate of

44 Five Pounds per Centum by the Tear, from the Date hereof on the Day of

44 now next enjuing”

Provided that separate and distinct Notes shall be made and given by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in f**"^

’ respect of each lnftallment to be paid of the Sum advanced, pursuant to the said Act; and it shall be lawful JC u?on " ° '

for the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being to sue upon every such Note.

c.ooooie

