*5°

A(\ not to de-

prive the Mayor,

Ac. of London

of Jurisdictions

in Southwark*

Continuance of

}his A&.

Preamble,

From Atigyfl r,

1792, the Orfi-

ters of the Cuf-

toms to ctufe

printed, &c.

Paper imported

to be marked.

Commissioners

of the Customs,

by June I, 1792,

to provide

Frame?, &c and

<?ifliibute them

to the Officers,

who areto mea-

sure and matk.

every Piece of

such Paper in the

Manner herein

mentioned.

Penalty for

coumcrfeiting

Frames, Stamps,

<3cc*.

Penalty for cut-

ting out Frame

Marks, &c.

and for affixing

Frame Marks,

<3cc. that have

been used*

Prom August i>

1792, the Com.

aniffionersof the

Customs, or a

Justice, may au-

thorife an Offi-

ce# of the Cuf-

tarns or £xcif«|

C. 53, 54. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of

the City of London, of any Rights, Privileges, or Jurisdidlions ujhich they have heretofore lawfully claimed,

exercised, or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of , and the Liberties thereof, or to prevent

the Mayor of the City of London for the'Lime being, and such of the Aldermen of the said City who have

borne the Office of Mayoralty, and the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, from acting as Justices.

of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of South, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the

like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the first Day of , which

shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for more effectually securing the Duties upon foreign printed, painted, or stained!

Paper, imported into Great

T* JTHEREAS the Laws already provided for securing the Duties payable on printed, painted, or ftainecT

‘ Paper, for Hangings or other Uses, imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great , are not

‘ sufficient to secure the due Payment of the Duties imposed by Law, for or in respect of such Paper;’ be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the Officer

or Officers of the Customs of the Port or Place where any printed, painted, or stained Paper, for Hangings

or other Uses, shall be imported, shall cauie every Piece or Sheet thereof to be marked, (according to the

Direction1; herein-after contained ;) and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotlandrefpee-

tively shall, on or before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, provide proper

Frames and Stamps, and such Numbers or Marks as they shall think fit, to denote the Measure of all

Pieces of such* printed, painted, or stained Paper, so imported or brought into Great , and proper

Stamps or Seals to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective Frames,

Numbers and Marks, and the said Stamps and Seals, to be distributed to the proper Officers of the Cuf-

toms, for the several Purposes before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required to mea-

sure every such Piece of Paper, and to mark the fame with such Frame Mark and Stamp in Manner follow-

ing; (that is to say,) Every Piece of less than Half a Yard in Length to be marked and stamped at one-

End only; and every Piece of Half a Yard in Length, or upwards, to be marked and stamped at both Ends

of such Piece; which Frames, Numbers, Marks, Stamps, or Seals, to be provided in pursuance of this Act,

may be altered or renewed, from Time to Time, as the said respective Commissioners shall, from Time ta

Time, think fit; and if any Person whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Frame, Number,

or Mark, provided by the Commissioners of the Customs in and Scotland respectively, for or in

marking such Paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the Impression of the fame upon any printed, painted, or

stained Paper, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person

whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, or resemble any Stamp or Seal which

shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, to denote the charging of the Duties payable on the Importation

of such Paper into Great Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Imprelfion of the fame upon any such

Paper, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties on such Paper, then every

such Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds and in case any Person shall

at any Time fell any printed, painted, or stained Paper with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knovving.the

fame to be counterfeited, and with any Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, every such

Offender thall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Performs whatsoever, shall.

with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully fuf-

fer to be cut out, obliterated,or defaced, the Frame Mark, Number, or Mark put by any such Officer or

Officers on any printed, painted, or stained Paper to denote the Measure thereof, every such Person or Per-

fons shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper on which the Frame

Mark, Number, or Mark, put by any such Officer or Officers, shall be so wilfully cut, obliterated, or defaced.

III. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or l’erfons whatsoever,.

shall, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, affix upon any Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper

printed, painted, or stained, any Frame Mark, or any Stamp or Seal which shall have been before affixed

on any other Piece or Sheet of printed, painted, cr stained Paper, then, and in every such Cafe, every

Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also every

Piece or Sheet of such Paper whereupon such Frame Mark, Stamp, or Seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoteLid, That at any Time or Times after the first

Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, upon Oath made by any credible Person or

Persons that he, she, or they have Reason to suspect or believe that any Foreign imported printed, painted,or

stained Paper, for which Duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been stamped as by

this Act is directed, is or shall be in the Custody or Pofilffion of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper.,

or other Person trading or dealing therein, or of any Person or Person?, for the Ule or on Account of such.

Printer

