Trustee may b:

discha'g-d by

the Court.

Act to be libe-

rally interpret-

cd» and to ex-

rend to Women,

No Duty on

ffraies fold un-

der this Act.

tHates fequef-

tra under

1.5 Geo. II t.

Cap. 72. to be

finally divided,

an I frulleedif-

tharged.

’Bankrupts dis-

charged under

the Act 23 Geo,

III. entitled to

the faTe Bene-

fits as if dis-

charged under

this Act.

Continue ice of

Act.

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793,

to be held, upon due Advertisement, for choosing a new Trustee or Trustees in Succession, and in any of these

Cait s ihe new acting Trustee {hall immediately call to account his Predecessors in Office, or their Heirs and

Representatives, and {hall be vested with the fame Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as

any former acting Trustee.

LX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a final Division is made among the^re-

ditois in any Sequestration awarded under the Authority of this Act, or of the aforesaid Acts passed in the

twency-thild and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or when a Trustee or Factor named

under the Authority of this or of the said former Acts intends to resign his Office, it {hall be competent for

him to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, craving to be discharged of the Trust, and the Couit

Hull appoint the Petition to be advertised in the JSewfpaper before-mentioned, and at the End of four-

teen Days born the Date of the Advertisement, if no valid Objection is stated, the Court {hall grant the

Desire c f the Petition; but if any Objection is stated, the Court {hall proceed to determine the fame in a

summary Manner.

LXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed by all Judges in

the most beneficial Manner for promoting the Ends hereby intended, and that the fame shall be con-

strued to comprehend unmarried Women and Widows coming within any of the Descriptions before-

mentioned, and also married Women carrying on Trade or Merchandize independent of their Husbands.

LXII. And be it.enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rates or Duties imposed by any Statutes

upon Estates or Effects sold by Auction shall be exigible upon any Estates or Effects fold under the Autho-

rity of this Act.

LX III. And whereas several personal Estates of Bankrupts, sequestrated under the Authority of an Act

‘ palTerl in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of

c the Creditors of infohent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by

4 Arreffluent and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promiffbry Notes, and for limiting Ac-

M tiens upon Bills and Promiffbry Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have not yet been finally

c divided, and Doubts have arisen how the fame ought to be divided, and the Trustee finally discharged ;* be

it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cafes where the Sequestration was not re-

newed under the Authority of the aforesaid Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, it shall be competent to and incumbent upon the Factor, Trustee or Trtiftees, named under the

Authority of the foresaid Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, within fix

Months after the Commencement of this Act, to make up a Scheme of Division of the wholeFunds in his

Hands amor g the Creditors, who, in Terms of the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, have Right thereto, and to present the said Scheme, with a Petition, to the Court of Session, craving

that Warrant may be given for dividing the said Funds in conformity to the said Scheme, and for relieving

him of his Office, or continuing him, as the Circumstances may require, and the Court {hall appoint Notice

theretf to be given in the Newspaper before mentioned; and after the Elapse of a reasonable Time from the

Date of such Advertisement, the Court shall resume Consideration of the Petition, and proceed in a summary

Manner in the Division of the Funds among the Creditors having Right thereto, and the Exoneration of the

Factor or Trustee, or giving him such further Directions as may be necessary; and in case no such Scheme

and Petition are presented by the Factor or Trustee, it {hall nevertheless be competent for the common

Debtor, or for any of the Creditors, to make a summary Application to the Court for calling the Factor, or

Trustee or Truftccs, to account, and for winding up the Affairs of the Trust in such a Manner as {hall ap-

pear to the Coui t to be most proper and effectual in the Circumstances of the Cafe; and failing any such Ap-

plication to the Court, within six Months after the Commencement of this Act, it {hall be held and considered

that the Sequestration or Trust created under the said Act of the twelfth of his Majesty, and not renewed un-

der the Act of the twenty-third, is entirely at an End; and if there be still any Part of the Estate or Effects

falling under such Sequestration or Trust remaining undivided, the lame {hall be open to the legal Diligence

of any Creditor of the Bankrupt, prior or posterior.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Bankrupts who have obtained

their Discharge from their Creditors prior to this Act, and under and by virtue of the Act passed in the

twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, {hall be entitled to the fame Benefits and Advantages as

they would have been entitled to if such Discharge had been granted under this Act, and their future Effects

{hall be no otherwise liable than they would have been had such Discharge been granted under and by Autho-

rity of the fame.

LXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force for five

Years from and after the Commencement thereof* and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

.and no longer.

CAP.

