478

C. 116—127. Anno tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.JD. 1793V

Marshes and Lands from being overflowed with the Sea, and for altering an Act passed in the thirty-first

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing cind inclosing the Commons, Marjhesy

Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney and Ha?nlet thereof called Gedney Fen, in

the County of Lincoln, --

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stain-

forth, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent at or

near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River

Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

C* A P. -CXVIII. .

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness; and for levying Conversion Money

in lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said

Shire ; and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness.

CAP. CXIX. ■ -

An Act to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-

first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the City of Hereford to the City 0/Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town

of Ne-went, in the County ^Gloucester, and to amend the said Act.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in

certain Cafes, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the Coupty

of Caithntfs.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester,

to the IVorccfter and Birmingham Canal now making at or near Selly Oat, in the said County; and also

certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

c a p. cxxir.

An Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint

Ag?ies, in the County of Cornwall.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for enlarging, deepening,-cleansing, improving and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the

County of Carnarvon.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for rebuilding the Tron Church of the City of Glasgoiu ; for opening certain Streets; for removing

Obstructions in the Trongate Street 5 for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt

Market Street; for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and

Timber on the Streets of the said City; for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there; and for felling Part

of the High or Calton Green, and also -the Glebe belonging to the Inner High Churchy and Parish of

Glasgow.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle

Anglcjey.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for amending an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred oj Blything, in the County of Suffolk, and for

granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the fame more effectually into Execution.

CAP. CXXVIL

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objedis, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits

of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poof

and other Objedis of Charity, of the Town of Bedford ; and for the better Management and Disposition of

the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof.

X

c. ooooie

