The TITLES of

to Glynd BriJge, and from thence throne?) Firle Street un-

der the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in

the County of Suilex (except so far as the said Acts relate

to that Part of the said Road ;vhich lies between a Place,

commonly called Bopcep, in the Parish of Alcijhn, and

Longbridge aforesaid); and for amending and keeping in

Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said

County of SujJex.

14S. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading

from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of

Suffolk, to and through the Town of The!ford, in the

County of Norfolk, to the prcfeiU Turnpike Road leading

from Lynn, through the Parish of Cranwich, in the said

County of Norfolk.

149. An Act for repealing an Act of the twelfth Year of his

present Majesty, intituld, An Act for repairing and widen-

irg the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick,

at or near Banghouse iVails, to Compton’s Lanes and

Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and

from Whitclaw Muir to Compton’s Lanes, in the County

of Berwick; and for repairing, widening, and amending

(cveral Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in

the said County of Berwick.

450 An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing, 1widening, turning, and altering the

Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great r ar-

ringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County

cf Oxford.

151. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at

Cockham Hill, in the P drift) of Welterham, in the County

of Kent, through the Village of Limps field, to the Village of

Titfey, over Botlcy Hill, Worms Heath, and Wallingham

Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to

Godftone, in the County ^/Surrey.

152. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Akl to continue the Term of two

Arts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh Tears of

the Reign of his late Alajefly King George the Second, for

repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow,

so far as the fame relate to the Roads from the City of

Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the

Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the

Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuflang, in the

Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as the said Act re-

lates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Taker

Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, re-

pairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the

Road of Communication between the said Road from

Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to

The Clyde.

.153. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering

the Road leading from the Town of Burford, in the

County of Oxford, to Leacklade, in the County of Glou-

ce/le r, and for making a Road from thence to the River

Jfis or Thames $ for building a Bridge across the said

River, and for making a Road from thence to join the

present Road leading from Leacblade to Inglejham; and

for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said

Tit-mentioned Road to and through the Town of High-

worth, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike

Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the fame

.County.

12

the STATUTES.

154. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an

Ad, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingston,

by the Kirk of Shots, to the City of Glasgow, and other

Roads therein mentioned; and for building a Bridge over

the River Clyde, at or near Theevesford, and for opening

and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glof.

gow \ for altering a Part of the Hign Road betwixt Edin-

burgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to

the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the

South, and for straightening and making the Roads more

convenient; as also for altering the Road from the City of

Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a

Bridge over the River Qyde below the present old Bridge,

called Bothwell B rid re; as also for altering the Road from

the Town of Hamilton, Eastward, until it joins the Great

Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow.

155. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the

Powers of two Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,/$r

repairing the Road leading from T adcaster Bridge, within

the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said

City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

156. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the

Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llandilo-

fawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the New Bridge

over the River Toivy to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of

Llandarog; and also several other Roads therein men-

tioned, all in the County of Carmarthen.

157. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the eleventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the

Road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from

Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stablcford, in the

County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for

those Purposes; and for repairing and improving the Road

from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Ec-

cleshall, in the said County of Stafford.

158. An, Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

Enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road leading from the Erjl End of the Bridge

acrqfs the River Ouzc, in Downham Market, to The

Queen’s Head, and from The Chequer Inn, in Down-

ham AJarkct aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile

Elfe, in the Parish ^ Barton, and towards Watton, to a

Place called'The Devil’s Ditch, in the County of Norfolk ;

and for flopping up the Road leading from Stcacliet, through

Barton Layes, towards Wattoru

159. An Act for amending and more effectually repairing

the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunflable, in the

County of Bedford, to The Xing’s Arms, in HockliffE in

the said County.

460. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty,/cr repairing and widening

the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadleand

Leek, and from Bucknall to Wcfton Coyney, and from

the Road between Cheadlc and Leek to the Turnpike Road

above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road

between BTyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate*

in the County of Stafford, so far as the fame relates to the

Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head$ and from Buck—

nail to tVeston Coyney,

PRIVATE

