498

Postage may be

taken for Let-

ters between

Cieat B#itafn

and Jersey or

Guernsey, or

between Jersey

’and Guernsey.

R*ites.

Post Office! and

Road? may be

ftAablifeed injef-

fey and Guctr-

fcy, and tbc like

Rate* taken for

JnUndPoftage M

in England.

Powers of 9

Anne, Cap. id.

6 Geo. I. Cap.

at.

*6 Geo. U.

Lap. 13.

4 Geo. 111. Cap.

*4*

5 Geo. 111. Cap.

. *5*

7 Geo. III. Cap.

5*

*2 Geo. III.

Cap. 70.

23 Geo. HI.

C<*p. 69, or

>4Gro III. Self,

*• Caf . 37.

or any other

Act relating to

the Post Office,

to extend to Jer-

fey and Guern*

fey.

Surplus of Rates

u the I:nd of

C. 18. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

1 Britain, as his Majesty’s Postmaster General for the Time being shall appoint, and the Ports of Jtrfey

* and Guernsey or one of them be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Post-

master General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use

of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to demand, have, re-

ceive, and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried

or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Weymouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient

Port in the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or from any of the Ports of Jersey and Guernsey aforesaid, or

either of them, and to or from the Ports of Jersey from or to the Ports of Guernsey, (over and above all

other Rates payable for such Letters or Packets,) according to the Rates and Sums in Sterling Money here-

after mentioned, the fame being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce $ that i$ to say*

For every Single Letter Two-pence:

For every Double Letter Four-pence :

For every Treble Letter Six-pence:

And for every Ounce Eight-pence:

And so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his

Majesty’s Postmaster General, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to establish Post Offices and

Post Roads within the said Blands of jersey and Guernsey, or any of them, wherever it shall appear to him

to be necessary and convenient for the Benefit of Trade and Correspondence so to do ; and that it shall and

may be lawful for such Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently au-

thorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take,

for the Inland Port of Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Post within the said

Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or any or either of them, such Rates of Portage, in Proportion to the

Number of Miles or Stages such Letters and Packets are carried or conveyed determined by the Post, as now are re-

spectively settled, established, and ascertained, to be paid for the Inland Port or Conveyance of Letters and

Packets, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Establishmcp.t of one

or more Packet Boats, between Great Britain and the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, all and every the

Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods, for the Recovery of

the fame, and all other Matters and Things contained in an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of

her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An At7 for establishing a General Post Office for all her Maujh's

Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof \ for the Service of the War, ana ewer

her Majesty's Occaftom (and not repealed or altered by any subsequent Law); as also in an Act, made in the

sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and

At use s in the publick Revenues of Excise, Ctstoms, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money, so far as the

said Act relates to the Post Office j as also in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more ejfcflually preventing the fraudulent Removal if

Tobacco, by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco, and for ascertaining the Rates

payable for the Portage of certain Letters, and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of

Spirituous Liquors by Retail, so far as the said Act relates to the Post Office 5 as also in an A&, made in the

fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Afl for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in re*

lotion to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Post age \ as also in an Act,

made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Afl to alter certain Rates of Post*

age, and to amende explain, and enlarge several Provisions in an Afl* made in the ninth Year of the Reign of

Queen Anne, and in other Afls relating to the Revenue of the Pft Office $ as also in an Act, made in the

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Afl for amending certain Laws relating to

the Revenue of the Post Office; and for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets,

between Great Britain and thelfe of Man, and xvithin that Istand \ as also in an Act, made in the twenty-

second Year of the Reienof his present Majesty, intituled, An Afl to enable the Commander in Chief of his

Majesty s Forces, 'and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces, to send and receive

Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage \ as also in an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Afl to enable the Adjutant General of his Majesty's Forces, and

the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of P ft age;

and likewise in an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

> Afl for granting to his Majfty certain additional Rates of Post age, for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by tie

Post within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Convey-

alice of certain Goods in Letters and Packets, and for further preventing Frauds and Abtfes in relation to the

sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage, or in any other Act relating to the Post Office,

shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend to the said Islands of Jersey and Guerrfey, and to each

and every of them, and to all his Majesty’s Subjects within the same Isles, as fully and effectually in every

Respect, as if the said several Hies, and his Majesty’s Subjects therein, had been expressly included in the

said several Acts, or in any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus which shall remain at the End

’ of each Quarter, of all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, after defraying the

additional

