The TITLES of the STATUTES.

?5. An Act for naturalizing Noah Turmine.

16, An Act for naturalizing Matthias Koops.

17, An Act for embanking the Common oalt Marsh within

the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's, and Terrington

Stint John's, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing

and inclosing the lame, and other Commons within the

fad Parishes.

iS. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

monable Lands within the Manor of Deverill Longbridge,

Hfey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the County of

Witts.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester.

to. An Act foi dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of

Lticester.

21. An Act for naturalizing TVillem Blaatnv.

22. An Act for dividingand inclosing the Open Fields, Com-

mon Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands,

in the Liberty or Lordship of Alicklcover, in the County

of Derby-

23. An Act for dividingand inclosing Part of a certain Com-

mon or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the

Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road

and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and

Kilts.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bleaiarn, in the

Parish of (Varcop, in the County of JVijbnorlond.

23. An Act to confirm and establish the Division, Allot-

ment, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the

P.jith of Cot grave, in the County of Nottingham, and

alloseveral Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

OpenFields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of

Northampton.

27. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Mod Noble

Henry Duke of Newcastle to lay out Part of his settled

Money in the Purchase of a Leaichold Manor, Messuages,

Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his

settled Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and York,

upon the like Trusts, and with the like Powers, as his said

Estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to.

28- An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Richard

IVdprj, Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, and for

settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York,

in Lieu thereof.

29. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend

Suphen White, D oft or of Laws, in London, Middlesex,

Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and

for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be

settled to the fame Ules, and for enabling the Trustees in

the mean Time to grant Building and Repairing Lcalcs.

30. An Act to enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the

Surname and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will

of Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for veil-

ing cerrain Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks,

deviied by the said Will to the Ufcs therein mentioned, in

Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances

thereon, and to lay out the Residue of the Money arising

by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the

Lme Ufcs, and for other Pur polls*

31. An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reve-

rend John Tempter, in the County of Kent, for another

Estate of greater Value in the County of Devon, to be

settled in Lieu thereof.

32. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Sfuintine-

Jpie, Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage,

and Vicarage of the Lands of Rede fie, and others, lying

in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of

Mistress Margaret Lcnurie of Redcastle, Widow of the

deceased Andrew Lawrie, Esquire, of Redcojlle, and the

fame Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the fame

Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and con-

tained in two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years one

thousand seven hundred and twemy-seven and one thousand

seven hundred and thirty-three, by Mr. (Valter Laurie

of RedcajHe, and for vesting in the aforesaid Mistress Mar-

garet Lawrie, and her Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple,

the Lands of Mool and Cairn, and others, in the County

of IVigion.

33. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of

Thomas lylcourt, Lfquire, in the Counties of Gloucrjier

and (Vilts, in Trustees to be sold and exchanged, and for

laying out Part of the Money arising by Sale in other

Estates, to be settled to the fame Ufcs, and for applying

the Reliduc in Discharge of Incumbrances.

34. An Act to efteftuate and establish an Exchange between

William Cclhoun, Esquire, with the Provost and College

of Eton, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and

to the Consolidated or Lmited Reftories of (betting Ad

Saints and Crceting Saint ()Saves, in the County of Suffolk,

for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the

Rectory of Bast IVrctham, in the County of Norfolk.

33. An Act to efieftuate and establish an Exchange between

IPiiii.un Cclhoun, Esquire, and the Provost and Scholars

of the King’s College of Bif id Mary and Saint Nicholas,

of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronrge

of and to the Rectory of BLtworth, in the County of

Suffolk, and certain Pieces of Land and Hereditaments in

Blepworth aforesaid, for the Advowson and Right of Patro-

nage of and to the Rectory of (Vejl (Vrethanu in the

County of Norfolk.

36. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the mod

Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the County of Sussex,

in him the said Duke, in Fee, and for settling other Estates

of the said Duke, in the same County, of equal or greater

Value, in Lieu thereof. '

37. An Act for vesting the Manor of Fisherton Ddamere

otherwise Fisherton Dclamore, and other Hereditaments,

in the County of (Lilts, deviled by the Will of the most

Noble Charles, formerly Duke of Belton, with the Ap-

purtenances, in Trustees, discharged of the Ufcs and

l'rusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more efPeftual-

ly carrying into Execution certain Decrees or Decretal

Orders of the Court of Chancery for the Sale of the said

Estates.

38. An Act to confirm a Lease lately made by Henry Nevill,

Earl of Abergavenny, of certain Entailed Mines, and

other Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, and

to enable granting future Leases of the said Entailed

Mines, and other Hereditaments, and also of all other

Estates of which the said Earl is leized, as Tenant in Tail

Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the second

and third Years of the Reign of Ring Philip and Queen

Alary, and under the Limitations in the la ft Will of George

Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Alary

mentioned.

, 39. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Richard Hat-

chett,

