55°

Par.stet bound

to repair the

Pam so allotted.

How Cods of

Proceedings

fh all be defray*

, &C.

Boundary of

Counties, &C.

Hot to be chang-

, except for

the Purpose

aforesaid.

AQ not to relate

to Highways re-

pairable by Bo-

dies Pol tic, &c.

which may how-

ever on Con sent

be put under the

Regulations of

nor to extend to

Scotland.

Appeal may be

nade to the

Quarter Seffiom.

Complaints, 8ce.

may be made in

the annexed

Forms.

C.64. Anno tricesitno quarto G c or on III. A.D. 1794,

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Order and Plan shall be so filed with the Clerk of

the Peace as aforesaid, such Parishes, and the Inhabitants thereof respectively, mall be bound as of Com*

mon Right to maintain and keep in Repair such Parts of such Common Highway so allotted to them as

aforesaid, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and indicted for Neglect of such Duty, and shall in all Respects

whatsoever be liable and fubjc£f to all the Provisions, Regulations, and Penalties contained in any Actor

Acts of Parliament for the Repair of the Highways which are or shall be in force, in like Manner as they

are liable and subject to with respect to the Repair of any other Common Highway within such Parishes.

respectively, and also shall be discharged from the Repair of such Parts of such Highway as shall not be in-

eluded in their respective Allotments.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Expences, to be incurred by reason of any

of the Proceedings before mentioned, shall be borne and defrayed by lurch two Parishes, the fame being

settled and ascertained by such two Justices; and in case the said Parties shall refuse or neglect to pav and

discharge their respective Share of such Cods and Expences, it shall and may he lawful for either of such

Justices, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said County, Riding, or Division to levy the same by

Distress and Sale, with the Costs of such Distress, on the Goods and Chattels of any Surveyor of the High-

ways of the Parish so refusing or neglecting to defray such Costs and Charges as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ai£t contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-

tend, to affect, change, or alter in any Manner whatsoever, any Boundaries of Counties, Lordships, Hun-

dreds, Manors, or any other Division of publick or private Property, nor the Boundaries of any Parishes,

otherwise than for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair such particular Portion of the Highways,

in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned. v

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall relate, or be construed to relate, to

apy Highways, the Repair of any Part of which belongs to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, Township*

or other such Place, or to any private Person or Persons, by the Reason of Tenure of any Lands, or other- ,

wife howsoever, but that the fame shall be construed to -relate to such Highways, the Repair of which be-

longs to Pari (lies only: Provided always. That in calc any such Body Politic or Corporate, Township,

or other litch Place, or any such private Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any other Person arid Persons who

shall be bound by Law to repair out Side of any Part of any Common Highway, shall be desirous that the

fame should be placed *nder the Regulations o( this Act, and that a Division and Allotment thereof should

be made according to the Provisions thereof, and the Parties who are bound to the Repair of the other

Side of the said Highway shall consent thereto, it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices to make

an Order for the Division and Allotment of such Highway; and such Order, when filed with the Clerk of

the Peace, shall have the like Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as is herein directod

with respect to the like Order where Parishes only are concerned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this ASt shall not be construed to extend to that Part of Great JSrr-

tain called Scotland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for either of the two Parishes, between

whom any such Allotment of any Highway shall be made by virtue of this Act, by an Order in Vefhy,

specially called for the Purpose, to appeal to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County where such

Parishes shall lie, to be holden next after the Time when such Order and Plan shall be filed with the Clerk

of the Peace as aforesaid, and not otherwise; and that upon the hearing of such Appeal, the Justices at such

Quarter Sections shall make such Order as shall appear to the n to be Just, either by affirming, qua(hing,or

amending the Order of the two Justices, and shall allow Costs to either Party as in their Discretion they

shall think right; which Order of the Quarter Sessions shall not be removed by Writ of Certiorari or other-

wife, but shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Complaint, Summons, Adjudication, and Plan may be in

the several Forms stated in the Appendix hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances and

Nature of each particular Cafe may admit.

A P P E N D I X.

INFORMATION.

Couniy 7 A T a Petty Session, holden before J. P. and K. P. two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace

* for the said County, this Day of J. S.

one of the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parrfh of\A. came before the Justices aforesaid, and

See Plan, gave them to be informed. That there is in the said County a certain Common Highway, leading from

M. to N. 'i and that there is a certain Part of the said Highway, that is to say, so much thereof

as lies between a certain Place called C. and a certain other Place called D., being in Length

[as the Cafe may be] one Side of which last-mentioned Part of ;hc said Highway

adjoining to the Parish of A. lies within the said Parish of A.y and is to be, and of Right ought to

be, repaired by the said Parish of A.; and that the other Side of the fame Part of the said Highway

adjoining to the Parish of B. lies within the Parish of and is to be, and of Right ought to be,

repaired by the said Parish of B.; and Rating that the Repair of such Part of the said Highway is

very inconvenient to the Parishes aforesaidl and the Want thereof detrimental to therublick:

And

