518 C. 23—27. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

worked, or copied such Original Pattern or Patterns, or shall print or reprint, or cause to be printed or re*

printed, any such Pattern or Patterns, and shall publish, (ell, or expose to Sale, or in any other Manner

dispose of, or cause to be pubUflicd, fold, or exposed to Sale, or in any other Manner disposed of, any Linen,

Cotton, Calico, or Mufiin, so printed, (without the Content of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof hr ft

had and obtained in Wiiting, signed by him or them respetlively in the Presence of two or more credible

Witnessis,) knowing the fame to be so printed or reprinted without the Conlent of the Proprietor or Pro*-

prietors of such Pattern; then every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, if the Offence be com-

mitted in England^ by and in a special Action upon the Cafe, to be brought against the Person or Persons

\ so offending, recover such Damages as a Jury on the Trial of luc’n Action, or on the Execution of a Writ

of Inquiry thereon, shall give or a fiefs, together with Costs of Suit, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin,

Privilege, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And that in all other Respects

A(\ made per- the said first recited Act, and all the Cluufes, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except sofar as the

PclU4l# fame is varied by this Act,) shall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham, AyJtfbury. and fVvndover^ in

the County of Buckingham, to communicate with the Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made

by an Act of the last Stlfion of Parliament; and for amending the said A£h—[28th March 1794.J

CAP. XXV.

An Act for extending the V/yrlcy and Efjhigton Canal.—[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XXVI.

An A<£t for making and maintaining a Navig dole Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Man-

chester to or near Asht on-under-Lyne, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended

Aqueduct Bridge in Dakinfield, in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel Alilton, in the County of

Derby; and a Communication by Railways or Slone Roads from thence to Load's KnowL within Peak

Fore/L in the said County of Dirty; and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to IVbalej

Bridge, in the said County of Chester.—[28th March 1794.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into, or

made in Great Britain.—[17th April 1794.]

4- Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s- publick Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge occa-

4 fioned by any Loan to be raised or Stock to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be

4 passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Ma-

4 jesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties hereinafter respectively mentioned ;’ and do therefore

most humbly befccch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Adv ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this

Ad, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceflors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things hereinafter mentioned, over and above ail Duties

Additional Du. already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise

tres to be paid: hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

ForFrenrhPlate For every Scjuare Foot superficial Measure of French Plate Glass which shall be imported into Great

Gur« imported Britain, the Sum of Eight-pence three Farthings, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

8d. jq. per Foot! Quantity:

For French Flint For every Hundred Weight of French Flint Glass, or French Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, or French

ciafe, &c. 141. Phial Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of fourteen Shillings and Sixpence, and so in

6d. per Cwti Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity:

For French For every Hundred Weight of French Window Glass, (not being Spread Glass,) whether flashed or

Window Glass otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German

(not Spread Sheet Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of nine Shillings and Eleven-pence, and so in

Giah) 9s. 1 id. Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity:

Haf- rVi For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass and other Glass Manufactures not hereinbefore particularly

cnr8,r&c*t(e*. enumerated or ddcribed, (and not being Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glqfsl nor Bottles

cept^preadwin- other than Phials,) which shall be imported intp Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or

dow GUf«, &c) lesser Quantity, the Sum of fourteen Shillings:

14s. per Cwu

The said feverw Duties upon Glass imported to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

4 For

c.oooo[e

1

