520

ike Remulation*

of »hv AOy and

recited Atf of

*8 Geo. Jil.

for making it,

replied.

Duty imposed

on I’la'e O.tfr,

by reci' Aii

17 Geo. Jil.

Cap. i 3, revived,

• nd payable,

ever tke addi-

tional Dut’-es

under tris A O.

Revived rVy

to be raiftd, &c.

agreeable to A ft s

in ft rce, respect-

ir>g making of

Cia>6.

17 Geo. III.

Cap. 20* r<cited.

In lieu of Al-

lowance by re-

curd Act cn

lV1 aterii Is fur

making Plate

GUfs, certain

©'her A 1 w-

ances to be nri2de

for Pots enntain-

irg fnuie than

I Cwt.

OfFceri may

me a Cure Cast

Plate Glass.

Directiom about

the Gauge in

making it.

Cast Plate Clafi

of left than 1

of an 1vch in

Thicknefi to be

broke,on Penal-

ty of 50!.

Monies to be

paid into the

Etchequer, and

carried to the

Gcn'olidated

Fund.

C. 27. Anno tricesimo quarto

feitures, relating thereto; and also saving ar.d excepting so far as the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

and Provisions respectively, or the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, imposed for any Breach thereof respec-

tivtly, may be applied to any Cafe relating to Cast Plate Glass, which shall have been made at any Time

before the passing of this Act, and for and in respect whereof all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations,

Rtstrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively shall, and the fame are hereby di-

rected to be and remain in full force, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had

not been made; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the

Duty of Kxcise which was granted by the said iirft recited Act for or in respect of the Materials or Metal,

or other Preparations, made use of in the making of Call Plate Glass, shall be, and the fame is hereby re-

vived, and made chargeable and payable over and above the several additional Duties by this Act imposed

for and in respect of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, made use of in Great Britain, in the

making of Calf Plate Glass, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last-recited

Act iud not been made; any T hing in the said lad-recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife not wit hfl and ing.

VI. And be it Anther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty by this Act revived shall from

Time to Time be raised, received, levied, recovered, secured, and paid, by fitch Ways and Means, and

under f ich Management, and under such Penafties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and

mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Allowances, Draw-

backs, Rules, and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, (except where otherwise expressly

directed by tins Act,) as by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the Duties imposed for

or in respect of the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, or for or

in respect of the paying or allowing a Drawback upon Glass, is directed or prescribed ; and that such Acts

respectively, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters,

2nd Things therein, (except as aforesaid,) for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or pay-

ing the said Duties, for cr in respect of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the

making of Glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing any Drawback upon Glass, are and shall be

continued, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the Duty by this Act revived, as fully and

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VII. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, for

4 repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu

4 thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass, it was enacted and provided, that, in Pots used

4 for the making of Plate Glass, an Allowance should be made to the Makers of one-fourth Part of the

4 Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of four Inches deep at the Bottom : And whereas it is ex-

4 pedient to alter the said Allowance, with respect to such Pots used for the making of all Plate Glassbe it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu and instead of the said Allowance in all Pots con-

taining more than one hundred Weight used for the making of Blown Plate, or Cast Plate Glass, the fol-

lowing Allowances shall be made to the Makers of such Glass; that is to say, one-third Part of the Metal

or other Materials contained therein, and of four Inches at the Bottom of every such Pot, used for the

making of Blown Plate Glass, and one half of the Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of four

Inches r.t the Bottom of every such Pot, used for the making of C.ift Plate Glass; and the respective

ComiTiiilioners of Kxcise in England and Scotland respectively are hereby authorized and required to make

the respective Allowances by this Act directed; any Thing in the said last-recited Act contained to the

contrary in anywise notwithstanding; whiciv Allowances are hereby declared to be in full Compensation

for all Walk, Damage, or Loss whatsoever, except the Allowance by the said Act of the nineteenth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty made and provided, where Pots used for the preparing and mixing of

Metal, and other Materials for making of Glass, shall crack or break.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for

the Officers of Kxcise under whole Survey any Maker or Makers of Cast Plate Glass shall be, from

Time to Time, and at all Times, to inspect, examine, and measure, as to such Officers shall seem meet,

all Cast Plate Glass in the Custody or Possession of such Maker or Makers; and that no Maker or Makers

of Cast Plate Glass shall at any Time set the Gauge at less than a Quarter of an Inch above the Surface of

the Table, for the Purpose of calling any Plate Glass; nor shall he, Ihe, or they have or keep in his, her,

or their Custody or Possession any Plate Glass, the medium Thickness whereof, after the rough and irre-

gular Edges are cut olF, shall be less than a Quarter of an Inch ; but every such Maker of Cast Plate G.Vs

shall, in the Presence of the Officer of Kxcise under whose Survey such Maker shall be, immediately, upon

being requested so to do by such Officer, break into small Pieces, to the Satisfaction of such OiScer, all

Cast Plau? Glass which shall be of less Thickness than as aforesaid, so as to render such Glass unfit for

any Purpose but that of remelting ; and if any such Maker shall neg’eft or refuse so to break any such Cast

Plate Glass, or shall have or keep in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Call Plate Giaf of

less Thickness than as aforesaid, such Maker and Makers shall, for each and every such OfKnee, forfeit

the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the neeeiiary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectivciy excepted,) shall, from and after the passing of

this Act, from Tune to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at r/'cjimirjier^ and

7 the

