220

able upon th«

Importation of

Tallow, &c.

continue! to

March 15,1794*

See,

C.

o A

0°*

, at

So much of 9

C o. 3. c. 39<

relates t»free

Importation of

Raw Hides and

Skins from Ire*

l«nd and he

r.ri ifh Planta-

in n» in America,

continued to

Ju,ic X» »796*

A'C.

26 Cm, 3. c. Sg,

extending to

other Tool? and

Vtenft's 15 Geo,

3. c. 6 con-

tinued to the

End of the next

SeiTioni

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. . A; D. 1792.

iion of Tallow% Hois Lard, and Gtcafe, which was to be in force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ljxty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament*, and which by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nineteeth, twenty,

second, twenty-sixth, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued, from

the Expiratiou thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-one, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Pailiamentj shall be, and the fame is hereby further con-

tinued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence

to the End of the them next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from

Ireland, and the British i'flotations in America, which was to continue in force for five Years, from the first

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffiort

of Parliament; and which by several Acts, made in the fourteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-sevenrh Years

of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of June one thousand feveri hundred

and ninety-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is

hereby further continued until the Hrlt Day of June one thousand ieven hundred and ninety-six, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign.of his present Majesty, intituled, An Ati to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utevjih,

an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, M An Act to prohibit the

Exportation to Foreign Parts of Fools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this

thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session

of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further* continued until the End of the next Session of

Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the third Year of the

Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships

and P'JJi'ls from Dover, Deal, and the Ijie of Thanet, up the Rivers cf Thames and Medway, which was

to continue in force for seven Years, from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause in an Act of the seventh

Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the lfte of Thanet,

which was to continue in force during the Continuance of the said Act of the third Year of his said Majesty’s

Reign; which said Act, together with the said Clause, were by several subsequent Acts, of the tenth Year of

the Reign of his said Majesty, and of the eighth and twenty-third Wars of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, and the fourth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further

continued until the twenty-filth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be; and the fame are hereby further continued until

the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eigne hundred and six, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty-

feveiuh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Atl for making Allowances to the Dealers in

foreign I Vines for the Stock of certain foreign I Vines in their P offession, at a certain Time, upon which the Du-

ties on Imputation have been paid \ and for amending fever a I Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise \ as

directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer

commonly called Clark's Hydrometer, shall, upon trial by any Officer or Officers of Excite, denote any such

Spiiits to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

c>f "thfonext*Sc?- eight, an(^ vv^c^ by several Acts, made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-first Years

lion/ of his present Majesty’s Reign, was continued until the End of this Session of Parliament, shall be, and the

fame is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with foreign

Salt, free of Duty for a limited Time, which was to continue in force from the fourteenth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and

the fame is hereby further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight, and Irom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

3 Geo. 1. t. 13.

far regulating

Pilots of Ship*

from Dover, &c.

«nd 7 Gfo. I.

.c. 2 r. /. 14. for

further regu-

lating such Pi-

lot*, continued

io March 25,

»Sc6, &C. ’

So much of 27

Geo. 3. c. 31. at

directi that all

Spirits shall be

.detmed of the

Strength denot'd

by Clark’s Hy

drometer, conti-

nued to the End

3 r Geo. 3.e. 26.

all v*»ng the Im-

portation ot Seal

Skins, cured

with foreign

Salt, Duty-free,

continued to

June 14, 1798,

Jtt,

CAP.

;

