C. 79—91. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792*

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for amending an Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour

of Bo/lon, in the County of Lincoln; and for regulating the Mooring and Removing of Ships and other

Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for better paving, cleaning, and otherwise improving the Borough of Bo/lon, in the County of

Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or from near Wyrley Bank, in the County of

Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham Canal, at or near the Town

of Wolverhampton, in the said County j and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described, from the said

intended Canal.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for building a New Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Corredion, within the City of Bristol,

and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the fame ; and for disposing of the present Common Gaol

of the said City of Bri/lol and County of the fame City, and for other Purposes.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe in the Parish of

Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called s, other-

wife Fletcher’s Leap, in the Parish-of Decrhurst, in the said County.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchejlcr, to or near Ashton-underlync, and , in the

County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whit-

church as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadjlairs, in the Iff o/Thanet, in

the County of Kent-, and for the better preierving the said Harbour; and for removing and preventing

Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the

(hid Harbour.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the Weft End of the Cathedral Church of

Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard of Lane End, within the Parish of Stole

upon Frent, in the County of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York. '

CAP. XC.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wear, from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bijhep

Wear mouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk JVearmouth, in the

fame County.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Great Carlton,

in the County of Lincoln.

3

CAP.

boogie

