A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. C. 37—39. 331

4 Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any Thing as or for or mixed

4 with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which should not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the

4 Grain the fame should import to be, and ought to be, upon Pain thnt every Person who should offend in

4 the Premises, and {hould be thereof convicted in Manner therein-after prescribed, should forfeit and pay,

4 for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the Magistrate

4 or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders should be convicted, should

4 think fit or order; and the said Act directs that no Person should be convicted, in Manner therein afore said,

4 for any of the Offences in the said Act before-mentioned, unless the Prosecution, in order to such Con-

4 vidlion, should be commenced within three Days next after the Offence committed: And whereas the

4 Powers and Remedies by the said recited Act given and granted- for enforcing the Intention thereof, have

4 been found by Experience insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and that it would be

4 of great publick Benefit and Utility to have further and more effectual Powers given for carrying the ln-

4 tentions of the said Act into Execution ; and a further and other Time given for convidling any Offender

4 or Offenders guilty of adulterating any Corn, Meal, or Flour, which should be ground, dressed, bolted,

4 or manufactured for Sale as aforesaid, with any other ingredient, Mixture, or Thing whatsoeverMay it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be itenadled by the King’s most excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the herein-before recited Proviso, contained in the forty-first

Se£lion of the said in Part recited Act, limiting the Time of Cor.viftion for three Days next after any of the

Offences committed, and in the said recited Act mentioned, be repealed; and that, from and after the said

first Day of June, no Person shall be convicted for any of the before-mentioned Offences in the said recited

Clause’mentioned and set forth, unless the Information or other Prosecution, in order to such Conviction, be

laid or commenced within seven Days next after the Discovery of any such Offence or Offences.

Proviso limiting

the I ime of

Conviction, in

Se£t. 41 of re-

cited Act, re-

pealed, and Pro*

fecution to he

commenced

within 7 Da)S#

II. And be it further etiafted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; Publick A&.

and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, with-

out the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford\ irv

the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto or near to the Parish of Birmingham, in the

County of IVarwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain navigable Canal in or near to the Town of

'Birmingham, called the Digbcth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Naviga-

tiens.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County

of Warwick, for pay ing the Damages and Colls incurred on Account of the late Riots

within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being.

[3d 1793.]

4 '\^7KERE AS Judgements having been obtained in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, by divers

4 y, Persons against the Inhabitants of the Hundred of Heinlingford in the County of Warwick, on Ac-

4 tiens brought to recover Damages for Injuries done by Rioters to the Property of the Plaintiffs, in the Month

4 of July one thousand seven hundred and ninty-one, Application was made to two Justices in the said Hun-

4 dred to raise the said Damages, together with the Plaintiffs Costs, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of

4 twenty-three thousand six hundred and fifteen Pounds, or upwards, and also to raise the further Sum of fix

4 thousand and eighty-eight Pounds, or upwards, being the Costs and necessary Expences incurred in de-

4 fending the said Actions, by assessing the said Inhabitants according to the Statutes in such Cafes made and

4 provided : And whereas the said Justices, having first ascertained the Amount of the said Costs and necessary

4 Expences in Manner prescribed by Law, did accordingly, under the Authority and Direction of the said

4 Statutes, afiefs rateably and proportionably the several Parishes and Townships wfithin the said Hundred,

4 towards raising the Sums aforesaid, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of twenty-nine thousand seven hun-

4 dred and four Pounds, and upwards: And whereas the raising so large a Sum forthwith by one Assessment

4 will be a grievous Burden to the said Inhabitants ; but if Power be given to borrow certain Proportions of

4 the said Sum, and a further Time allowed for coliedling the said Money, and paying off and discharging the

4 fame, it will be a great Ease to the Inhabitants ; but the fame cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament

May i t therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c. 44

44 The Justices of the Hundreds and the Knights of the Shire for the Time being appointed Commissioners

44 for carrying the Act into Execution. Commissioners to hold Meetings; and to treat for the borrowing

44 of Money on Security of the Rates; and to make Assessments upon the Inhabitants. The Assessments to

44 be raised by Warrant of the Commissioners, and in such Manner as by the Laws now in force is recovered

44 against any Hundred,. for Injuries done by Riots. Constables or Head-boioughs making Default in levy-

13 “ing

