A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 27.

c after mentioned on tanned Goat Skins imported, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

c enadledand be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand {even hundred and ninety-

one, the said Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; Give and except in all Cafes

relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may at that 'Lime remain unpaid, or to

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been

incurred at any Time before or on the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-one.

II- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all tanned Goat Skins which shall he imported into Great Britain,

an additional Duty of Customs of fifteen Shillings the Dozen, and lo in Proportion for any greater or less

Number of such tanned Goat Skins, to be paid in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, by the

Importers of such Skins before the Landing thereof; and that there shall be all'o raised, levied, collected, and

paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all GoatSkins tanned with Shomack, or

otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and for and upon all Sheep Skins tanned for

Roans (being after the'Nature of Spanish Leather) in Great Britain, to be paid by the Tanners thereof

respectively, the following Duties of Excise 5 that is to say.

For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned with Shomack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble

Spanish Leather, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of such Goat Skins, four Shil-

lings:

And for every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of SpaniJJ: Leather) in

Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of such Sheep Skins, two Shillings and

three Pence.

91

From July 5,

1791, the fc’x-

cife Duiie>, im-

posed by the re-

cited Act on

tznned Go*t

and SheepSkin6,

repealed}

and the follow-

ing Duties tu be

levied:

On tanned Goat

Skins imported,

an sddi'ioml

Duty of Customs,

15 3, th; Dozen.

On Goat Skins

tanned withSho-

mack in Gicat

Britain, 4 s. a

Dizen;

and oh Sheep

Skins tanned for

Roans, zs, 3d.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July

one thousand (even hundred and ninety-one, there shall be allowed for and upon all tanned Goat Skins, on

which the additional Duty of Customs by this Act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be ex-

ported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, a Drawback of the said additional Duty; which said Drawback

shall be allowed and paid by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively,

in such Manner, and at such Times, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as the

Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs are now allowed and paid on the Exportation of Goat Skins of lrc~

land undressed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all tanned Goat Skins which may have

been imported into this Kingdom iince the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

but of which Entries have not been made, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty of Customs

imposed by this Act, and shall be allowed the like Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof from this King-

dom, in like Manner as if the fame had been imported after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-one.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Atl for taking away the Court cf Wards

and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and J'or settling a Revenue

gon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of

<cife, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering,

adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, in such Cales for which other Pro-

visions are made and prelcribed by this Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the

managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties by this Act im-

posed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties of Excise by this Act im-

posed shall, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and

Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of ad-

judging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Rules

and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form as by any Act or Acts of Parliament (as the Cafe

may require) in force at the Commencement of this Act, for or in respect of (Joat Skins tanned with Sho-

mack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and Sheep Skins tanned for Roans (be-

ing after the Nature of Spanish Leather), in Great Britain, is directed and prescribed; and that the said

Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, xMat-

ters and Things herein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the

said Duties respectively, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, receiving,

levying, recovering, securing, and paying the respective Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, as fully

and eftedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in

lh,# Act* N a VII. And

A Drawback of

the additional

Duty of Customs

to be allowed on

Exportation.

Tanned Goat

Skins imported

since June 1,

1791, but not

entered, liable

to the additional

Duty.

iz Car. a. c, 24i

Sec. to extend to

this Act,

Duties of Excise

hereby imposed

to be raised, »s is

provided >y any

Act in frree re-

speftir g Goat

Skins, See. tan-

ned in Great

Britain,

