332 C. 39, 4.0. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.'

“ ing the Rates, subjected to Penalties. Commissioners may appoint a Clerk and Treasurer. Treasurer

“ to account. When there is no Constable or Headborough, the Commissioners may appoint Persons to

44 levy the Rates. Account Books to be open to Inspection. Power given to borrow Money upon the

44 Rates. Securities not to be subject to Stamp Duties. Money borrowed and arising by the Rates to be

44 paid to the 'Treasurer. The Money raised to be applied in Payment of the Sums recovered against the

4‘ Hundred, with five per Cent. Intereil from first January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in

*44 such Order as the Commissioners {hall direct, lb that the Whole {hall be discharged within three Years from.

44 the first September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. Mode prescribed of recovering Rates

44 where Persons quit the Premises before Payment, -arrears of Rates to be accounted for and paid by the

44 Representatives of deceased Collectors, and the Afllgnees of such as become Bankrupt. Arrears of Rates,

u &c. may be recovered from Collectors removed. Deficiencies of Rates to be made good by a Re-

4‘ assessment upon the Inhabitants. No Proceedings to be had in the Actions commenced until after 29th

4* September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. Limitation of Actions. Publick ACt.”

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the landing* Rum or Spirits of the British

Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving" further En-

couragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies iw America \

to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any

cf his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies directly to foreign Ports, in Ships built in Great Britain.

and navigated according to Law; to che permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe

Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies;

to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Iriflj Linens exported, and

taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to

the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Uienfils made use of in the Iron and Steel

Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Work-

men, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the alcer-

taining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue

an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the more

effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

[3d 1793.]

So much of t 5

and 16 Ceo. II.

Cap. 25, as re-

lates to landing

Rum, &c. before

Payment of

Duty, and lodg-

ing it in Ware-

house*, conti-

nued to Sept, 29,

*729)

So much of S

Geo. I. Cap. i2»

as relates to the

Importation of

Timber, &c.

Irom America,

continued to

Stpt, 29, 1795.

&Cr

WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial,

'and are near expiring May it therefore please your Adajesty that it maybe enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That so much of an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British

Sugar Plant ations to land the fame before Payment of the Duties of Exc/fs charged t hereon, and to lodge the fame

in Warehoifcs at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in rfpM to the Duty on fine Rock

Salt lofi by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver^/ Dane, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the

British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the fame in

Warehouses at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof; which was to continue in force from

the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdfion of

Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-first: Years of the Reign

of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Ac! made in the twenty-

fifty Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the twenty-ninth

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of &/>-

tember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

II; And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth Year

of the Reign of King George the Pirft, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation

of Naval Stores, anil for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Limber,

and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s

Britishb Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impofiiions whatsoever,-which was to

be in force for twenty-one Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

twenty-two, and which, by several subsequent ACts made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth, twelfth, nineteenth, and twenty-

sixth

