372

DI^Aors to

lorm.Rulrt for

the Sale* of raw

fcilk, fiec. and

lay the farre be-

fore the

for Revifrl, 8cc.

Onods 5mported

in pri* aie Traee,

to be fc.urcd in

the Company*e

Wareh uf-s, and

publickly fold,

&c»

Cords of pri-

vate Merchant!

to be regi^ered

previous to ship-i

& c.

^bods exported

•r imp irted by

pri vare Per on»

to be subject to k

ih« lame R ates

ns thi.fr of the

Company.

Company not

liable to pay for

iimberzlement,

Ajc. of Goods.

Securities given

by the Savants

»f li c C« mpany

to eatrnd to the

Property of In-

dividual*, Ac.

Application of

the Surplus

from the

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 1793.

4 therewith at the said Sales, it is expedient that proper Rules and Regulations should be made for providing

4 for speedy and frequent Sales of such Materials, and in moderate Lots; and for preventing, as far as maybe,*

4 any undue Preference being given in respect either of the Mode or Times of the making Sale of any of the said

4 Commodities, as between the Company and Individuals, or as between one Individual and another;’ be it

enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Company, and they are hereby

required forthwith, after the passing of this Act, to frame such Rules and Regulations for the future Sales of

all raw Silk, Sugar, Cotton Yarn, Cotton Wool, and other Wool, Skins, Dying Woods and Drugs, and;

other Articles of raw Material, imported either in private Trade or on the said Company’s own Account,as

in their Judgement shall appear best adapted for the several Purposes aforesaid, and to lay the fame before the

Board of Commifli oners for the Affairs of Indiay for their Revisal and Approbation; and that the Rules and

Regulations which shall be so framed and approved shall be deemed and considered of the fame Force as a1.

Bye Law of the said Company, (object nevertheless to such future Reviiion and Alteration by the said Court

of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board, as Circumstances may from Time to Time be found

to reauire in that Behalf.

Cli. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Manner of Goods imported in private Trade,

as well raw Materials as others, shall be secured in the Company’s Warehouses, and fold openly and publickly

by Inch of Candle, or by Way of publick Auction, and in no other Manner, under the Order and Authority*

of the Court of Directors of the saidCompany, on the Account of the proper Owners thereof; and that when

any of inch Goods shall l e bought in by the Owners, the whole Consignments so bought in shall and may

be delivered out to them with all convenient Speed after the Sales thereof, upon Payment of the Freight,

Duties, and other Charges to which the fame shall be liable, without the actual Payment of the gr,ofs Prices

or Sale Amount of the said Goods; and that the said private Trade, and the Sales thereof, shall be in all Re-

spedls managed and conducted according to the Bye Laws of the said Company, made and provided for

the Management of the said private /Trade, lave only and except as is otherwise directed, provided, or au-

thorifed by this Act.

CiII. Pro\ ided also, and be it further enacted, That previous to the shipping of any Goods under the Au-

thority of this Act, by private Merchants or Manufacturers, the fame shall be duly registered in Books kept

by the said Company for registering private Trade Goods, in which Registry shall be described the Marks, ‘

and Numbers of each Bale or Package of Goods so shipped, and the Amount of the Tonnage of allthe Goods ,

shipped by each Merchant or Manufacturer; and an Order or Licence in Writing shall be given, under the

Hand of the proper Officer of the said Company, for the shipping of such Goods; and all Goods which shall

be shipped either in London or the East Indies, without being so registered, shall be considered as Goods illi-

citly shipped, and the said Goods shall be subject to such Seizure and Forfeiture, and the Owners, Shippers,.

and Agents concerned therein, to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as any Person shall be subject to by Law,

for carrying on Trade to or from the East Indies without the said Company’s Licence.

CIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported or

imported by virtue of this Act, by or on the Account of any private Merchants, Traders, or other ftrfons,

shall be subject to the Payment of the like Rates, Customs, and Duties of Import and Export, both in India

and Great Britain, as the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the fame Kinds or Sorts, of and belonging to

the said Company, are or shall be subject or liable unto, and to no other Rates, Customs, or Duties whatever,

the aforesaid Duty or Allowance of three Pounds per Centum, granted to the said Company for the Purposes

aforesaid, always excepted, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Company shall, by virtue of this

Act, be wholly exempted, freed, and exonerated from the Claims of Individuals in respect to any Compen-

fation or Satisfaction which the said Company might otherwise be liable to atilwer or pay as Carriers of Goods,

for any Embezzlement, Waste, Losses, or Damages of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, during the

Time of their being on board the Ships of or employed by the said Company, or in any of their Warehouses

in Great Britain or India, or in their Transit to or from such Ships, any Law or Statute to the contrary not-

withstanding.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the Deeds of Covenant, and other Engagements and Securities,

made, given, or entered into by any of the Officers and Servants of the said Company, entrusted by them

with the Custody, Care, or Management of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, whether at Sea or on Shore*

for the due Execution of the Trust reposed in them, shall be deemed in Law to extend to and include as well

such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as are the immediate Property of the said Company, as such as are

the Property of Individuals; and that all or any of the Officers and Servants of the said Company, so by

them intruded, and all other Persons having at any Time the Custody or Care of any such Goods,'Wares, or

Merchandize, by or through whole Means, Default, Procurement, Neglect, or want of Care, any Em-

bezzlement, Walle, LolV, or Damage, shall or may arise or be sustained, shall be liable at Law to answer for

the fame in Damages and Costs to the proper Owners thereof; and that if such Owners shall be desirous of

being availed of the Benefit of any such Deeds of Covenant or Engagement, and shall give such Security or

other Indemnity to the Court of Directors of the said Company, as the said Court shall require for securing

the said Company, and keeping them indemnified from all Costs and Damages in that Behalf, it shall be

lawful for the Party or Parties aggrieved by any such Embezzlement, Waste, Loss, or Damage, in his Pro-

perty, to sue upon any such Deed, Engagement, or Security, in the Name of the said Company, and to

take the full Benefit of any Verdict or Judgement which shall be obtained or pronounced therein, and* to issue

or award Execution thereupon, any Law or Ufageto the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That for and during so long Time as the said Company shall be entitled

tQ the whole* foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffic in, to, and from the Ea/i, Imliesy and other Places within

the

