A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 31.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Question

shall arise respecting the Right of any Person to be summoned to either of the said Legislative Councils

respectively, or respecting the Vacancy of the Seat in such Legislative Council of any Person having been

summoned thereto, every such Question shall, by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Province,

or by the Person administering the Government there, be referred to such Legislative Council, to be by

the said Council heard and determined; and that it shall and may be lawful either for the Person desiring

such Writ of Summons, or re (peeling whose Seat such Question shall have arisen, or for his Majesty’s

Attorney General of such Province in his Majesty’s Name, to appeal from the Determination of the said

Council, in such Cafe, to his Majesty in his Parliament of Great Britain; and that the Judgment thereon

of his Majesty in his said Parliament shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor or Lieutenant Governor

of the said Provinces respectively, or the Person administering his Majesty’s Government therein respec-

tively, shall have Power and Authority from "I'ime to Time, by an Instrument under the Great Seal of

such Province, toconstitute, appoint, and remove the Speakers of the Legislative Councils of such Pro-

vinces respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purpose of conflicting such

Assembly as aforesaid, in each of the said Provinces respectively, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, by an Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, to authorise and direct

the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government in each of the said Pro-

vinces respectively, within the Time herein-after mentioned, and thereafter from Time to Time, as

Occasion shall require, in his Majesty’s Name, and by an Instrument under the Great Seal of such Pro-

vince, to summon and call together an Assembly in and for such Province.

XIV- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purpose of ele£ling the Mem-

bers of such Assemblies respectively, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

by an Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, to authorise the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of

each of the said Provinces respectively, or the Person administering the Government therein, within the

Tjme herein-after mentioned, to issue a Proclamation dividing such Province into Districts, or Counties,

or Circles, and Towns or Townships, and appointing the Limits thereof, and declaring and appointing

the Number of Representatives to be chosen by each of such Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns

or Townships respectively; and that it shall also be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to

authorise such Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, from Time

to Time, to nominate and appoint proper Persons to execute the Office of Returning Officer in each of the

said Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships respectively; and that such Division of

the said Provinces into Districts, or Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships, and such Declara-

tien and Appointment of the Number of Representatives to be chosen by each of the said Districts, or

Counties, or Circles, and Towns or Townships respectively, and also such Nomination and Appointment

of Returning Officers in the fame, shall be valid and effectual to all the Purposes of this Act, unless it

shall at any Time be otherwise provided by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province,

assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provision

herein-before contained, for impowering the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering

the Government of the said Provinces respectively, under such Authority as aforesaid from his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint proper Persons to execute the Office

of Returning Officer in the said Districts, Counties, Circles, and Towns or Townships, shall remain and

continue in force in each of the said Provinces respectively, for the Term of two Years, from and after

the Commencement of this Act, within such Province, and no longer; but subject nevertheless to be sooner

repealed or varied by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

obliged to execute the said Office of Returning Officer for any longer Time than one Year, or oftener than

once, unless it shall at any Time be otherwise provided by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly

of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

otherwise provided by an Att

123

Questions re-

setting the

Right to be sum-

moned to Coon,

-cil, &c. to be

determined as

herein mention-

.

The Governor

of the Province

may appoint and

remove the

Speaker.

His Majesty may

author^: the

Governor to call

together the

Assembly,

and, for the

Purposeot eieft-

ing the Mem-

bers, to issue a

Proclamation di-

viding the Pro-*

vince into Dif-

tritts, &c»

Fower of the

Governor to ap-

point Returning

Officers, to con-

tinue two Yean

from the Com-

mencement of

this Att.

No Perft n ob-

liged to serve a*

Returning Offi*

cer more than

once, unless

or the Province^

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Number of Mem- N,mbsr of

bers to be chosen in the Province of Upper Canada ftnll not be less than sixteen, and that the whole Number ^eb*rs,nca^

of Members to be cholcn in the Province of Lower Canada shall not be less than fifty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Writs for the Election of Members Regulations

to serve in the said Assemblies respectively shall be issued by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person forjOuing

administering his Majesty’s Government within the said Provinces respectively, within fourteen Days after ^rits.for the

the sealing of such Instrument as aforesaid for summoning and calling together such Assembly, and that Member?°to

such Wffts shall be directed to the respective Returning Officers of the said Districts, or Counties, or fervTin the

Oircles, and Towns or Townships, and that such Writs shall be made returnable within fifty Days at AtfembUe*.

fertheft from the Day on which they shall bear Date, unless it shall at any Time be otherwise provided by

any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors; and that Writs shall in like Manner and Form be issued for the Election of Members in the

Oafe of any Vacancy which shall happen by the Death of the Person chosen, or by his being summoned to

she Legislative Council of either Province, and that such Writs shall be made returnable within fifty Days at

R 2 fa: the ft

