The' TITLES of the STATUTES.

JWoor End, mar Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to tht

Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Bux-

ton to Afbborne, in the County of Derby, and from Black-

ton Moor, in the County ^Stafford, to the Turnpike Road

deeding from Buxton to A fhborne, near Newhaven, in the

County of Derby, and from Warilow to Edtan Mine, in

the County of Stafford.

»8. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the tenth

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening

the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Ox-

ford, and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road

leading to otow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bot-

tom of Stow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the /aid

County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the

County of Northampton.

U9. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

raffed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present

majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing into one Act cf

Parliament the several Laws now in force for repairing

the Road leading from the Town or Tillage of Tittenfor,

to the rnoji Northern Part cf Talk on the Hill, in Butt

Lane, in the County of Stafford ; and for repairing the

Road from Darlaftone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath,

through the Town or Tillage of Tittenfor afor fa id; and

for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching out

of the said Turnpike Road, near the House known by the

Sign of The Black Lien, to, or nearly to, Shelton Wharf

all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of

Stafford.

130. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads

leading from the Town of Bromyard, rn the County of

Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto.

131. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

|>aised in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jefity, for rrhairing and widening the Road from Dunham

Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in

the County of Nottingham.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from W orkfop

to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Dtbdale Hill

to the Great Nortloern Road at South 'Mufkham, in the

County of Nottingham.

133. An Act for amending and widening several Pieces of

Road, and opening and making several Pieces of new

Road therein described, (o as to make a convenient Car-

riage Road from Buckingham^ through Bracklcy, to join

the Dav entry Turnpike Read near Banbury.

134. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts,

made tn the first and twelfth Years of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Read from

the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of

Middlesex, to a Place called Baungitone, near the Town

ef bagfhot, in the Parish of Wmdicfham, in the County

ef Surrey ; and for maintaining and repairing Eg ham

Gtujeway, in the said County of Surrey.

ly,. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Great Marlow^ in the County of

Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

136. An Act for enlarging the Terms of two several Acts,

passed in the tenth and twenty-fifth Years of his present

Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury,

in the dounty of Buckingham, through Thame and Little

Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Benfington and

Shillingford, in the County of Oxford •, and for amending

the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford

Turnpike Road between Poftcomb and Tetsworth, in the

said County j and for making more effedtua! Provision for

repairing the said Roads.

137. An Act for continuing and amending certain Acts of

.the second and twenty-second Years of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from f limwell

Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in tht

County of Kent, and the Parishes cf Sandhurst, New-

enden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Suf-

sex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper’s Corner, in

the said County $/'Suifex ; and for repairing and widening a

Piece of Road communicating with one of the Rofth com-

prized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane*

PRIVATE ACTS*

Anno 31 Georgii III.

I* AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Com-

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships

or Liberties of Beal otherwise Beaghall and Kelli ugly, in

the Parish of Kellmgton, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York*

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commorr Fields,

Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parnh

of Doveridge alias Dovebridge, in the County of Derby.

3. An ASX for naturalizing Christian Noordingh.

4. An Act for vesting the Estates deviled by the Will of the

Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County of

Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for inverting the

Money arising Iry the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other

Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which the Eltates

so to be sold are subject.

5. An Act ta enable Trustees to cut down and fell Timber

upon the Estates deviled by the Will of Thomas Brand

Esquire, and to invert the Monies arising therefrom in the

Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the

Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

6. An Act to difiolve the Marriage of John Parflow Esquire,

with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and lor other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields*

Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands

and Waste Grounds, within the Lordiliip or Liberty of

Killingtm, in the Weft Riding of the County of K'ork.

8. A11 /Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcafler, in the

County of 1ork, and County of the City of York*

9. An Act for naturalizing Luke Foreman Esquire.

10. An Act for naturalizing, Nicholas Albert Martinius and

James La Fontaine.

11. An Act for naturalizing Peter Godeffrcy, Johanna Cathe*

rine Godeffroy, his Wife, and John Thornton*

12. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Krobn*.

13. An Act for establishing and confirming arr Agreement

made between Wiliam Parkes and Thomas Ready and

Mary his Wife, and the Right Honourable George Earl

Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of Warwick, for the

Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Warwick9

and in the Borough of Wanvick, in the said County.

14. An Act for enabling foe Dean and Chapter of Canter-

bury and Thomas Clutton to grant Building Leases* purfu-

ant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

15. An Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island

of Barbadces, and late belonging to Edward Day Ef-

quire, deceased, together with the Stock and Efforts upon

«C

