A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto

An A11owi??e

for Do ics on

Taper, &c.

djmageriin feed*

inp by Water

wi’hin this

Kingdom, to be

paid on Certifi-

cate by the Juf»

ticei at the

(^uaact SeificAla

his, her, ortheir Custody or Possession any such counterfeit Stamp, Mark, or Seal, knowing the fame to he

counterfeited, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Poileilion, or shall utter, vend, or fell any

Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark, or Impression of any such Stamp, Mark, or Seal thereon,

knowing the fame to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall, upon any Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper,

which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and charged with the

Duty of Cuiroms by this Act imposed for or in respectof such Paper, knowingly put or place the Impression

■of any such counterfeit or forged Stamp, Mark, or Seal, or shall knowingly affix upon any Ream or Quan-

tity of such Paper, any Stamp, Mark, or Seal which shall have been before affixed, marked, stamped, or

sealed upon any other Ream or Quantity of Foreign Paper, then, and in every such Cafe, every such Per-

son so offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And*be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Duties of Excite by this Act

imposed for or in respect of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, made in

Great Britain, shall have been paid, if any such Paper, Pasteboard, Miiiboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed

Paper shall happen to be damaged by the casting away or sinking of the Barge or Veil'd in which the fame

shall be transported from one Part of this Kingdom to another within the lame, that the Jufficcs of the

Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, or Divilion, where such Accident shall happen, shall, at the next

General Quarter Sessions to be held for such County, Riding, Shire, or Divilion, upon Proof of such Da-

mage and of Payment of the Duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the Quantity of the Damage done

to such Paper, Millboard, Pasteboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by the casting away or sinking of such

Barge or Vessel, and an Allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a Certificate under their Hands

and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them present at such Sections, of the Sum

allowed, which Allowance shall bear the fame Proportion to the Whole of the Duties so paid as the said

Damage shall appear to bear to the Value of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed

Paper before the fame was so damaged ; upon producing of which Certificate to the Officer appointed to

collect the said Duties, he shall repay or allow to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Paper, Paffcboaid,

Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, out of the Duties paid for the fame, so much Money as the Sum

certified by the said Justices shall amount unto; or in Default thereof, that such Proprietor or Proprietors

shall and may dedud the Allowance so certified out of the next or any other subsequent Monies becoming

due from such Proprietor or Proprietors, for or in respect of the Duties imposed by this Act, for or in respect

of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by him, her, or them made in Gnat

Britain.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, where any such Loss or

Damage shall happen as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall fultain the fame shall, three Days at the

lead before the next General Quarter Sessions, give or leave Notice in Writing thereof with the Collector

of Excise of the District or Coliedion where such Loss or Damage shall happen, and of his, her, or their

Intention of applying at the next General Quarter Sections of the Peace, for such Allowance in respect of cife.

such Damage or Loss.

LI. ‘ And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made before the fifth Day of April one thousand On Paper 4c.

4 seven hundred and ninety-four by Makers of or Dealers in Paper, for serving publick Offices, Societies, livered alter.

4 or private Persons with Paper, to be delivered in point of Time after the said fifth Day of April one thousand APri* 5» *794*

seven hundred and ninety-four be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Makers of, °"0^ct^er*e^ a*

or Dealers in Paper serving such Paper, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and pnor e,e #’*

ninety-four, in pursuance of such former Contracts, shall be allowed to add a Sum equivalent to the Excels

of Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper, over and above the Duties hereby repealed,

to the Contract Price of such Paper, and such Makers and Dealers shall be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to

be paid for the fame accordingly.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures

imposed by this Act, relating to Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respect,vely,

made in Great Britain, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Me-

thods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law

or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every

such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

LLII. ‘ And whereas it is expedient to repeal a certain Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of *r Ceo. UT.

4 his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pajlcboards, Millboards, trap. 14, rc-

4 and Scaleboards made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof j* be it therefore Pcaled»

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

TIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and T hings which, in and by an Act, made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of

fffirds and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a

.Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force, relating to his Majesty *s Re-

venue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising,

levying, collcding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or

any of them,* (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by

34 Geo. 111. 3U this

Notice of Inteo*

tien to *«pt»ly for

such A’*l >vnnce

to be given to

Collector of

Equivalent to

the Duty may

be added to lh€

Frice.

How Penalties

may be sued for,

and how to he

applied.

Powers of I*

Car. II. Cap 24,

Scc, to extend t9

this Act,

