■i'94

28 G^o. 3. c. 38

recked,

From July 5,

1-92, recited

<Act of 6 Goo. 3,

so far as relates

to the Ports of

Cowe«, South-

ampton, and

Portsmouih, re-

vived,

Horses not ex-

ceeding fix in

one Vessel, and

any Number of

Cattle (Sheep

and Lambs ex-

cepted) may be

convejed be-

tween Cowes

and Southamp*

ton and Ports-

mouth, without

Sufferance, &c.

Officer of the

Customs in the

Hie of Wight to

grant Suffer-

aoces.

Preamble.

3 1 Geo. 2. C. 10,

recited.

C. 32, 33. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

4 other Things, to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, several Laws now'in being for pre^

4 venting the Exportation of Live Sheep, Lambs, and Rams, the said first recited Act, made in the sixth Year

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty, was repealed in respect to the Conveyance of Sheep between Cowes

and the Ports of Southampton zni Portsmouth: And whereas it is expedient that the said first recited Act,.

4 made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the fame shall relate to the Ports of

4 Cezves, Southampton, and Portsmouth respectively, should be revived and continued in force, and should

4 extend to permit the Removal of Horses between the said Ports of Southampton, Portsmouth, and Cowes

4 respectively, when not exceeding fix in Number in any one Vessel, and of any Number of all other Cattle,

4 except Sheep and Lambs, without any Sufferance or other Custom-house Document whatever, and of

4 Lambs without Cocquct or Bond, as well as Sheep, and to permit the Removal without Cocquet or Bond

4 from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth respectively, of any Kind of

4 Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes which are not, or shall not be prohibited to be exported from Great

4 Britain to foreign Parts, nor liable to any Custom or Duty to his Majesty on the Exportation thereof from

4 Great Britain, and to permit and allow the Removal without Cocquet or Bond from the said Port of

4 Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, of any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes,

4 subject or liable to Duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, provided the Duty of Custom on

4 such Importation shall not exceed five Pounds for such Goods which are to be so carried or conveyed as

4 aforesaid, and the fame Goods so liable to Duty be carried or conveyed in one Vessel or Boat, at one and

the fame Time, belonging to the Inhabitants of the Ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth respec-

4 tivelybe it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That the said recited Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall,

from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, so far as the fame shall re-

late to the said Ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth, be revived, and shall continue in full Force

and Effect, the fame as if the said recited Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever

to carry or convey Horses, when not exceeding fix in Number in any one Vessel, and any Number of all

other Cattle, (Sheep and Lambs excepted,) without obtaining any Sufferance or other Custom-houseDocu-

ment whatever, between the said Port of Cowes and the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, and also

Lambs, without talcing out any Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security by Bond, or otherwise, for the

due landing the fame; provided the fame be carried in open Boats or'Hoys, in like Manner as Sheep are re-

quired to be carried by the said recited Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign 3 and to

carry and convey from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, without

taking out any Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security by Bond, or otherwise, for the due landing the

fame, any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, which are not or shall not be prohibited to be exported

from Great Britain to foreign Parts, or which are not or shall not be liable to any Custom or Duty to his

Majesty on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, and to carry and convey, without taking out any

Cocquet or Cocquets, or giving any Security by Bond, or otherwise, from the said Port of Cowes to the said

Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, of any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, subject or liable

to Duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain; provided the Duty of Customs on such Importa-

tien shall not exceed five Pounds for such Goods which are to be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid, and the

fame Goods so liable to Duty be carried or conveyed in one Vessel or Boat at one and the fame Time, be-

longing respectively to the Inhabitants of the Ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer

of the Customs residing in the Ife of Wight, near the Place where any Sheep or Lambs are to be so carried

or conveyed as aforesaid from the said Port of Cowes to the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth by

Sufferance only, to grant such Sufferance, and such Officer is hereby required to grant the fame on due Ap-

plication for that Purpose 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A£i for the Encouragement of

Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the pun£iual%

frequent, and certain Payment of their IVages \ and for enabling them more easily and readily

to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds

and Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to

Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, lerv-

ing, or who may have fervtd, on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragemeat of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and

4 for cjlablifnng a regular Method for the punttual^ frequent, and certain Payment of their IVages; and for

4 enabling

