f

f

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 4-8, 49. 345

Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed in this Act, as in the Cafe of the first Quantity so supplied

as aforesaid : Provided also, That, before shipping of any such Tobacco, the Purser of every such Ship dull

give Security, by Bond with one other sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of Treble the Duties of such To-

bacco, that no Part of the said Tobacco so intended to be shipped shall, after shipping thereof, be relanded

in any Part of Great Britain, without Permiilion first had and obtained from the proper Officers cf his

Majesty’s Customs for that Purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, ,Jerfy, Alderney,

Sark, or Man.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Puifer shall be removed from any

one of his Majesty’s Ships of War to another, he shall be at Liberty to remove the Remains of any such

Tobacco, folupplied as aforesaid, from the Ship he is about to quit into the Ship to which he shall be ap-

pointed, Leave being first obtained by him from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ships

shall happen to be, who are hereby authorized to permit the fame under the Care and Inspection of proper

Officers, on Oath being first made by such Purser before them, who are hereby authorized to administer the

fame, that the Tobacco so intended to be transhipped is really and bona fide Part of the Tobacco which had

been so supplied as aforesaid, describing the Time when, and the Port where such Tobacco was first dripped,

and such Collector and Comptroller are immediately after the transhipping to give an Account of the Parti-

culars to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship of War shall be paid

off, then the Remains of the Tobacco, so supplied as aforesaid, shall be landed and deposited in the Custom

House Warehouse at the Port where such Ship shall be so paid oft' as aforesaid, with the Permission of the

Collector and Comptroller of such Port, and may be again furnished and supplied to the Purser of any other

Ship of War, on such last mentioned Purser giving Bond and making Oath in like Manner as was done by

the former Purser on the original shipping thereof, and on his complying in all Rcfpedls with the like Re-

gulations ; but in case the said Tobacco shall not be so refliipped, or the full Duties paid thereon, within fix

Months from the relanding thereof, (unless further Time shall be allowed by the Commissioners of the

Customs for that Purpose,) the fame shall be fold and disposed of by Order of the said Commissioners,

and the Produce thereof applied conformably to the Directions of the said Act, passed in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Duies paid in fix Momh?, maybe fold conform

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tobacco so sold by Order of the Tobacco sold by

said Commissioners, or Tobacco for which any Purser shall think fit to pay the full Duties as aforesaid, order the

shall be subject and liable in all Respects to each and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, of [hlTcMom*,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Tobacco delivered out of any Custom House Warehouse for Home Consump- &c liable to the

tien would be subjeiSt and liable to same Rules as Tobacco delivered for HomeConsumpjjon.

on g’ning Bond

that ic shall not

be relanded.

PurferS, on

changing their

Ships, m.ry ie-

move Tobacco

on Leave from

the Officer of

the Cuff ms at

the Port, See.

Remains of To-

bacco when

Ships are paid

off may be re-

landed, and de-

posed in the

Custom House

Warehouse of

the Port, and

supplied toother

Purlers, &c.

but if not re-

shipped, or the

ably to 12 Annas.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created Recovery and

and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Man-

aer, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels for- r °

feited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs on and immediately before the passing of this Act, might

legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Sei-

zures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be intitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from

the Seizures as they were by Law intitled to, on and immediately before the puffing of this Act, on Prose-

cutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary

Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they wvtc, on and immediately

before the passing of this Act, by any Law or Regulation intitled to, on Prosecutions for pecuniary Pe-

nalties.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and

regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties

now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom.—[3d June 1793.]

4 \X/HEREAS the Law herein-after mentioned hath, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial,

4 VV and is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the 9 Geo. II. Cap.

ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for further encou- 37^ for eocou-

raging and regulating the Manufacture of Britfth Sail Cloth, and for the more effectualfecuring the Duties now ras‘nslhc

payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom,) which was to continue in force from the twenty- jgVifh^all

fourth Day of June one thousand (even hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence cloth, continue 1

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the thir- toSepr. 19,

teenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, 1795>

and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one

thousand seven hundred and ninty-fivo, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Y y 2 II, And

c.ooooie

