246

Pfcamblc,

His Majesty may

cause seven Pub-

tick Offices to be

tftablished, and

appoint three

Justices at eaoh.

Justices to at-

terd at certain

Hcuira*

After TEftabl Wh-

iwent of the Of-

fices, no Fees to

be taken, except

at them, by any

Justice lor Mid-

dh*sex,&c. on

Penalty 0; look

but not to extend

to Fees for licen-

sing Alehouser

under 26 Geo 2.

c. 3 t, or taken

at the Publick

Office in Bow

Street, &c.

C. 52, 53. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

44 be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than two Slaves in the Hundred, he is to give

44 Certificates to the Master and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs,

44 they are to order the Master 100l. and the Surgeon 50/. Like Certificates to be given where the Morta-

44 lity has not been more than three in the Hundred, which is to entitle the Master to 50/. and the Surgeon

44 to 25 /. Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the'xMaster, Officers, and Mariners, to execute Articles

44 of Agreement in the Forms hereunto annexed; and no other Form to be used on Penalty of 50/. Muster

44 Roll to be regularly kept, on Penalty of 100l. and six Months Imprisonment. No Officer, to

44 be turned over or discharged, unless into his Majesty’s Ships of War, or to assist a Ship inadlual Distrefe*

44 or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health. No Slops, Effcr. to be supplied beyond one Fourth of the

44 Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers, &c, behaving in a riotous, seditious,or mutinous

44 Adanner. A4after to cause a printed Abstract of this Act, &c. to be hung up in the moil publick Place in

44 his Vessel, on Penalty of 20/. If mutinous Officers, &c. be taken into Custody in Africa, or the IVefl

44 Indies, a Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged with the Governor,c.; and if the Witnesses do not appear

44 at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty, at the Discretion of jtF.e Court. Officers, &c. to continue in Pay

44 till the Vessel is cleared Inwards. Wages of Run A'len to go to Greenwich Hospital, &c. Where Offences

x4 may be tried, and Penalties lued for. Limitation of Actions. Per foils taking false Oaths, to incur the

44 Pains of Perjury, CSV. This Act to continue to August 1, 1793.”

CAP. LIII.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in

such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis,

and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

A \/t/HEREAS a due and regular Attendance of fit and able Magi ft rates at certain known Places,

and at stated Times, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the

4 Metropolis, and a vigilant and steady Administration of the Laws by them, is requisite to the Mainte-

4 nance of Peace and good Order throughout the Parts aforesaidMav it please your A^ajesty that it

may be it enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty^ by and with the Advice and

Gonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his A'lajesty tocaulc seven several Publick Of-

fices to be established in or near the following Places; namely, the Parishes of Saint Margaret, Wesimlnfler ;

Saint James, Westminster; Saint James, Clerkenwell\ Saint Leonard, Shoreditch; Saint Mary, TVbitcchapel\ and

Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and at or near Saint Margaret's Hill, in the Borough of

Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and at each of the said Publick Offices to appoint three fit and able

Persons, being Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlsex, and County of Surrey respectively*

to execute the Office of a Justice of the Peace, together with such other Justices of the Peace for the said

Counties respectively, as may think proper to attend.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one or more of the said Justices so to be

appointed as aforesaid shall diligently attend at each of the said Publick Offices every Day, from ten of the

Clock in the Adorning until eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall

be found necessary; and that two of the said Justices, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like Manner

attend together at each of the said Offices, from eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until one in the Af-

ternoon, and from fix of the Clock in the Evening until eight of the Clock in the Evening of every Day:

Provided always, That the Attendance of one of the said Justices may be supplied, during the Hours at

which the Attendance of two is required as aforesaid, by any other Justice of the Peace for the said Counties

of Middlesex or Surrey respectively.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Establishment of the said

seven several Publick Offices as aforesaid (twenty-one Days Notice thereof being given in the London Ga~

zettc), no Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, County of Surrey, City and Li-

berty of Westminster, or Liberty of the Tower of London, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, or any Person

for them, other than at the said Publick Offices, shall, directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence, or under

any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Gratuity, Reward, or Recompence, for any Act by him

or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Justice or Justices of the

Peace, Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the

Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, Kenfmgton, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the

said County of Middlesex, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence*

to be recovered, one Moiety thereof to the Receiver to be appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned*

to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the other Aloiety thereof, with full Colts of Suits, to the Per-

son or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at TVeflmvifter, by Ac-

tien of Debt, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one'

Imparlance, shall he allowed: Provided always, nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall be

construed to extend to any Fees taken at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Meeting

of Justices for the Purpose of licensing Alehouses, pursuant to an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licerfing Alehouses in

that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more cafy convitling Persons selling Ale and other Z/-

qjiors without Licence, or to any Fees taken at a certain Publick Office within the Liberty of Westminster*

knowu

1

