I ,

I

I !

1

346 C. 49, 50. Anno tricesimo tertio GEORGII III. A.D. 1793*

-Penalties of

ontinued Act,

*hich do not

attach to double

Sail Cloth,

not to extend to

British Canvas

made with single

Thread Warps,

&c.

S'ntle Thieid

to he conform-

able to the Re-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the Penalties in the said Act con-

tained, which do not attach to double Sail Cloth, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to British Canvas

made with single Thread Warps, corded or not corded, and fit for or made into Sails, and that such Angle

Canvas shall be deemed British Sail Cloth, and be equally entitled with double Canvas to the Bounties granted

by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, An Act for

the better Encouragement of the making ft Sail Cloth in Great Britain,) and by an Act, made in the fourth Year

of the Reign of his late M a] city Ring George the Second, (intituled, An Act fir further encouraging the Man*^

failure of Hritish Sail Cloth, by taking off the Duties and Drawbacks therein mentioned\ and allowing an additional

Bounty on British-;/w.& Sail Cloth exported, andforftamping Unixfh-made Sail Cloth with the Name and Place

of A Lode of the Maker.)

III. Provided always, That the said single Thread Sail Cloth be made of equally good Materials, and be

conformable in Weights, and all other Things, to the Restrictions on double Thread Sail Cloth contained in

the said Act hereby continued.

£ri£Uoas ou double Thread SiiI Cloth.

47 Geo.

Cap. 27.

IIL

30 Geo. IH.

Cap. 29.

31 Geo. IU.

Cap. 38 j and

CAP. L.

An Act to amend an Act, pjfltd in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

dize, in foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies-, and

for amending so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into and

Bermuda Islands in foreign Ships; and so much of two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth

and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, as prohibits the Importation of

Timber into any IQand under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any

foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the

said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as prohibits

the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick from

any Country belonging to the United States oiAmerica.—[3d June 1793.J

”1X7' HEREAS by four Acts of Parliament now in force, one passed in the twenty-seventh Year of

* his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ac!for all

4 Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa

92 Geo. III.

Cap. 37, recited.

Majesty, intituled, 44 An sift for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares ana Mer~

44 chandize, in the Ports of Kingston, bavannak la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the If land ft

u Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Istand of Grenada, tn the Port ^Roseau in the Istand ft Do-

44 minica, and in the Port (/Naflau in the Istand oft New Providence, one of the Bahama lftands, under cer-

44 tain Regulations and Restrictions ft and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities

the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec; another, passed in the

4 thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-eighth

4 Tear of his present Alajftfs Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and

4 Plantations in North America, and in the West India lftands, and the Countries belonging to the United

4 States ^America, and between his Majfty's said Subjects and the Foreign lftands in the West Indies; and

4 also an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation

and Exportation oft certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah Ja Mar,

4 Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Istand of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Istand of G re-

4 nada, in the Port of Roseau in the Istand of Dominica, and in the Port a/'Nassau in the Istand cfNew Pro-

4 vidence, one of the Bahama lftands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and another Act passed in

the thirty second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making perpetual the aforesaid Act, passed in the

4 twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, it is provided, that Wool, Cotton-wool, Indigo, Cor

4 chineal. Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Fuftic, and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers UJe, Hides,.Skins,

and Tallow, Beaver and ail Sorts of Furs, Tortoifelhell, Hardwood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany and all

4 other Woods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth and Production of

4 any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign Euro-

4 pean Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious Stones, may be imported from

4 any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, f '

Montego Bay,

and Santa Lucea in the Istand of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the Istand of Grenada, the Port

4 of Roseau in the Istand of Dominica, and the Port of NaJJau in the Istand of Neiv Providence, one of the

4 Bahama lftands, in any toieign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck,

firi&ions:

