584. C. 74, 75. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

Sum? to be

deemed Com-

portions, and

paid 10 the Sur-

veyor, See

Justicea to sum

mon Defaulters,

&c.

Poor Persons

discharge! from

Payment of the

such Limit or District, and at which two Justices at the'lead shall be present, to shew Cause why he has re-

fused or neglected to pay such Composition Money; and in Default of Appearance, or if on Appearance

he shall not make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justices that he is poor and indigent, and as such is

an Object deserving Relief, such Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of

the Person or Persons refilling or neglecting to pay the fame, in such Manner as the Forfeitures for the Ne-

gleCf in performing the Statute Duty are hereby authorized to be levied and raised: Provided always, That

when, on Application as above-mentioned, the Justices shall think proper to discharge any poor and indi-

gent Person from Payment of the Rate or Composition Money, such Person shall at the fame Time be dif-

charged from any Expences which may arise in consequence of such Summons and Appearance,

Kate .0 be dischar&ed from Expences.

JuPcices may

exempt poor

Persons fiom

f'avmenc of the

Kate;.

Justices may di-

rect Team Duty

to be performed

in Kind,

Exception.

Labourers may

be otdered to do

Statute Duty 00

Payment of the

ufoal Wages.

Persons to per-

form Duty in

Kind to be

Hrawn by Lot.

.Recited Act of

13 Geo. III.

xcept hereby

altered, to con-

tinue in foice.

1 Annre, Cap. 2,

fccucd*

V. And whereas it may frequently happen, that Persons wholly gaining their Livelihood by the Wages

c of daily Labour, and occupying rateable Tenements within a Parish, Township, or Place, by reason of

4 Age, Sickness, a numerous Family, or Misfortune, maybe in poor and indigent Circumstances, and it

4 may be expedient, in certain Cafes, to discharge such poor and indigent Persons.from all Rates, Afleftments,

4 or Composition whatsoever, imposed by Authority of the above-recited Act ;* be it further enacted, That

on the Application of any poor and indigent Person to be discharged from the Payment of the Rate or Com-

position, made to any two Justices of the Peace, at any Special or Petty Sections, held for the Limits

wherein such poor and indigent Person shall reside, the Laid Justices (having first given Notice to the Sur-

veyor of the Highways to appear on the Part of the Parish, Township, or Place in which such poor Person

shall reside) shall inquire and examine into the Situation and Circumstances of the Person making such Ap-

plication; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justices that such Person is really poor and indi- ‘

gent, and a deserving Object of such Relief, the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered to

exempt such poor and indigent Person from the Payment of all Rates, Afleftments, or Composition wh^t-

soever, imposed by the said recited Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Justices, at their Special

Sections, to be held in the Week next after Michaelmas Quarter Sections, or at any other Special or Petty

Sections, held within the Limits of any Parish, Township, or Place, at which two or more Justices shall

be present, that, from the Directions hereinbefore given for the performing and compounding the Statute

Duty, there will be Difficulty in procuring the necessary Carriage, or a sufficient Number of Labourers for

the Repair of the Highways, in any particular Parish, Township, or Place within their respective Limits,

without paying high and extravagant Prices for the fame, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order

and direct the Team Duty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in Kind within every

such Parish, Township, or Place, except in respect of such Teams as belong to Persons who do not occupy

Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes, or Hereditaments of the Annual Value of thirty Pounds within the

fame, and also to order all such Persons as shall gain their Living by the Wages of daily Labour, or such

Part of them as they shall think fit, to peiform fix Days Labour upon such Highways in Kind, either by

themselves or other sufficient Labourers, in case so many Days Duty shall be required, upon being paid for

such Labour the usual and customary Wages given to Labourers in such Parish, Township, or Place;

provided that if Part of such Teams or Labourers only are required, it shall be directed by the said Order

of the Justices in some given Proportion, as one half, third, or fourth Part thereof; and the Surveyor shall,

in that Cafe, at a public Vestry for such Parish, Township, or Place, put the Names of all the Persons

liable by this Act to fend such Teams, into one Hat or Box, and the Names of all the Persons liable to

perform such Labour into another Hat or Box, and some Inhabitant then present shall draw out such Num-:

her from each as shall be equal to the Proportion so ordered by the said Justices, and the Persons so drawn

shall perform such Duty in Kind for that Year; and that if any such Order shall be made or continued in

the subsequent Year, the fame Method shall beobserved, but the Names drawn in the preceding Year shall

not be put into such Hat or Box; and in every succeeding Year such Method and Regulation shall be ob-

served by such Surveyor, as to render the Duty so required to be performed in Kind, as equal amongst the

several Persons liable thereto as may be; which Order of the said Justices, so far as the fame shall be ex-

tended, shall supersede the said Power or Liberty of compounding, and shall be binding and effectual to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall continue in force until it shall be discharged or varied by the

Justices at some subsequent Special Sections for the Highways within such Limit, to be held in the Week

next after Michaelmas Quarter Sections; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions contained in the said Ail

of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall

continue in force, in the same Manner as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this pre-

sent Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An A(5t for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale

of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents.—[nth June 1794.]

\XT HEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the better Management of the Land Re-

» V venues of the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England: And whereas

by an Act, made in thelirft Year of the Reign of Queen Anney (intituled, An Act for the better Support of

z L.ber

C. ooooie

