The TITLES of the STATUTES.

S

Middlffix\ and for {hutting up the present Foot Path lead-

ing through the Church \ ard, and making a commodi-

ous one in lieu thereof.

67. An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to

Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers

of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have

served, on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships, and refxding

in Ireland,

68. An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the

County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Money

in Lieu of Labour in certain Cafes; and for otherwise re-

gulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges

in the said County.

69. An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating

the Streets, Lanes, Pafl'ages, and Places, within the Fovviis

of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lan-

caster-, for widening and rendering more commodious fe-

veral of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

70. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor

of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County

of Gloucester.

71. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain

Common or Walle Ground, called Bolton Aloor, and

other the Commons and Waftc Grounds within the

Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of

Lane after; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching,

cleaning, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and

Places within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bel-

ton \ and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and

for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for remov-

ing and preventing Nuisances, Incroachments, and An-

noyances; and for licensing and regulating Hackney

Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns.

72. An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Ad-

mini strators, and Assigns, the foie Use and Property of a

certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that

Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of

Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy for a limited

Time*

73. An Act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth,

and to the Publick, the Benefit of a certain invention or

Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain.

74. An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the

Harbour of Rornfgate, in the County of Kent; and for

cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sand-

wich > in the same County.

75. An Act for further enlarging and improving the Har-

bour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

76. An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the

Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.

77. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small

Debts within the Plundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne, and

Minty, Brightwells Barrow, Rapfgate, Bradley, Bi/Jcy, and

Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of Ciren-

cejlcr, in the County of Gloucester.

78 An Act for paving, cle^nling, lighting, and otherwise

improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages

and Places, within the Borough of Derby; and for felling a

certain Piece of Walle Ground, situate within the said Bo-

rough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the Expence

of the said Improvements.

79. An Act for amending an Act of the sixteenth Year of

his present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour of

Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for regulating the

mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within

the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing- Obstrue*

tiorts therein.

80. An Act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise im-

proving the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln*

81. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal*

from or from near IvyrLj Bank in the County of Staffordr

to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham

and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton*.

in the said County; and also certain Collateral Cuts there-

in described, from the said intended Canal.

Sa. An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House*

and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, and

for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the fame; and

for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City

of Bristol and County of the fame City, and for other Pur-

poses.

83. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

Lorn the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in

the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or

near a Place called Fijhcr's, otherwise Fletcher s Leap, ia

the Parish of Decrhurst, in the said County.

84- An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester*

to or near Ashton-underlync, and OUbarn in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

85. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of and within fuel) Part of the Parish of Whitchurch*

as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of

Salop.

86. An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to

the Harbour of BroaAjlairs, in the Ijle of Thanet, in the

County of Kent; and for the better preserving the said

Harbour; and for removing and preventing Obit rudions*

Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring

of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour.

87. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford

to rebuild the Weft End of the Cathedral Church of Here-

ford, and to repair other Parts thereof.

88. An Act for rebuilding the Chapel, and enlarging the

Chapel Yard of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke

upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

89. An Act for building a new Church or Chspel in the

I own ot Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the County of York

90 An Act for building a Bridge across the River Weary

from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop

Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite

Shore, in the Parish of Monk IVearmouth, in the fame

County.

91. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving

certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Great Carlton, ia

the County of Lincoln.

92. An Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, ia.

the County of Devon.

93. An Act for improving the Communication between the

County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the

Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between

Leith and Ncuhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and

Khighorn and Brunttstand in the County of Fife; and

for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places mote com-

modious.

94. An Act for regulating and improving the Salmon

Fisheries in the River Nitb, in the County of Dumfries.

95. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham, Wroxctery

Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantinc, Henley, Leighton,

llffington, and Upton Magnay and the Chapelry of Crcffage,

in the County of Salop.

96. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor, belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool,

and

