8

)

1

I

I

)

I

i*

i

I ’

,

ii . i

j

I*

,i

i!

)

I

348 C. 50. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III* A.D. 1793.

Svch Tob*eco

on Imporuii n

into Great Bri-

ta n, to be liable

to the lame Du-

ties *» Tobacco

from hi» Majesty’*

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such Tobacco so imported into any of the said Ports shall, when

imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any of the said Ports, pay the fame Duties of Customs and

Excise, and none other, as Tobacco the Growth or Production of any of his Majesty’s Plantations in the

West Indies, or of the Territories of the United States of America, and be subject: to the same Rules, Regula-

tiens, Conditions, and Reltriciions, and be liable to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties for the Breach thereof.

West India Plantation?, or the United States of America.

32 Geo. HI.

Cap. 43,recited.

Foreign Sugar

and C< ffee may

be mponed into

(och P«»n> in

the tflar.d#

called Caiers,

at hi? M jelly fcall ipprote, Src.

X. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An At7 for regulatin'? the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar,

and for permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in foreign Ships, it was,

amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into the Port of Nassau in the Island of

New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and into such other Port or Ports in the said Bahama Islands, or

the Irtand of Bermuda, as shall be approved by his Majesty in Council, Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of

any foreign Country or Plantation, in such foreign Ships, and fjbjedf to such Regulations as are prescribed

in the aforesaid Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh and thirtieth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign: And

4 whereas it is expedient that the like Importation of Sugar and Coffee should be permitted in certain other

4 Ports in the IVejl India Islands belonging to his Majesty Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

ful, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-three, to import into

such Port or Ports in the Islands called Caicos, as shall be approved by his Majesty in Council, Sugar and

Coffee the Produce of any foreign Country or Plantation, 111 such foreign Ships, and subject to such Regu-

lations as are prescribed in the said last mentioned Acts, with respect to the Ports therein mentioned.

Such Sugar and

CciTee imported

into ihe Port!

permitted by

this and last re-

cited Af>, may

be exp- r

without Pay-

ment of Duty.

Such Sugar or

C\ ftVc imported

fr*>in the lllinda

tailed Caico?,

into his Ma-

jesty’s Domi-

nions, to be

deemed not of

the British

Plantations, &C-

*3 Geo, III,

i^*p. 6,

V

Timber of cer-

tain Specie!

oaay be ini*

ported into hit

Majesty*a

West India

Islands frotn

South America,

&c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Sugar and Coffee which shall be imported into any of the said Ports

in the said Islands called Caicos, or which shall have been or may hereafter be imported into the Port of Nassau

in the Island of New Providence, or into such Port or Ports in the said Bahama Islands, or in the Irtand of

Bermuda, as have been, or may hereafter be approved by his Majesty in Council, under Authority of the.

last mentioned Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, may be imported into,

and again exported from, any of the said Ports, without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatsoever; any

Law, Custom, or Usage,to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That on the Importation of any Sugar or Coffee into Great Britain, or

into any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominfons, from any such Port in the Ciid Blands called Caicos, such

Sugar or Coffee shall respectively be deemed to be not of the Britifto Plantations, and shall be liable to and shall

pay Duty of Customs and Excise as such, and may be warehoused in like Manner, and shall be subject to the

Regulations of the said last mentioned Act, partTed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

and of each and every other Act and Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the Importation of such Sugar

or Coffee, so far as they relate to Sugar or Coffee not of the British Plantations.

XIII. ‘ And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 tituled. An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty $ Colonies and Plantations in North

4 America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and be-

4 tween his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in the West Indies; and by the aforesaid Act parted

in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, ThatnoTim-

4 ber of any Sort shall be imported or brought into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West

4 Indies (in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda ox Somers Islands are included) from any

4 Island in the West Indies, or from any Colony or Plantation whatsoever on the Continent of South America,

4 under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof,

and of the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Fur-

4 niture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:

4 And whereas it is expedient, that the Planters, and others being his Majesty’s Subjects in the Islands under

the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, should, notwithstanding the Provisions so made in the said

4 recited Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, be supplied front

the Continent of South America. and from the Islands of Trinidada and Porto Rico, with certain Species of

4 Timber to be used in the Construction of Mills and other Works necessary in the Manufacture of Sugar :*

Be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three, it shall and may be lawful to import in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered accord-

ing to Law, into the said Islands under the Dominion of his Majesty in the IVejl Indies,. or any of them,

from any Colony or Plantation on the Continent of South America under the Dominion of any foreign

ropean Sovereign or State, or from the Islands of Trinidada and Porto Rico in the West Indies, or either of

them, the following Species of Timber; that is to say. Bully Tree, Purple Heart, Green Heart, Black

Heart, Mastic, Wallabaw, Yellow Saunders,1 Locusts, or Bastard Mahogany, being the Growth or Pro-

duction of any of the said Colonies, Plantations, or Islands# notwithstanding the said recited Acts, or any other

Act or Acts of Parliament now in force.

XIV. And whereas by the aforesaid Act,.passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

4 it is enacted, That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported from any of the Territories be-

4 longing to the United States of America, into the Provinces of Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, or the Blands

of Cape Breton, Saint John's or Newfoundland, or into any Country or Island within their respective Go-

4 vernments, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel importing the feme,

and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas his Majesty’s Subjects in

4 the

