A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 50.

and he is hereby directed and required to apply to one or more other Justice or Justices of the Peace, in

the County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, and certify to him or them the State and Condition of the

Poor in such Parish Workhouse or Poorhouse ; or if such Visitation shall be made by the Persons duly autho-

rized as aforesaid, then and in such Cafe or Cafes it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Persons, and

they are hereby directed and required to apply to two or more Justices of the Peace in such County,

Riding, Liberty, or Division; and thereupon the said Justices shall and may, and they are hereby autho-

rized to make such Order for the immediate procuring Medical or other Assistance, or of sufficient and

proper Food, or for the Separation or Removal of such Poor as shall be afflicted with any contagious or

infectious Disease, in such Manner as they the said Justices, under their Hands and Seals, shall think

proper to direct, until the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, Riding,

Liberty, or Division, wherein such Workhouse or Poorhouse shall be situate; at which Quarter $.eflions

of the Peace the said two Justices are to certify the fame, under their Elands and Seals reflectively, to the

Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to make such Order for

*he further Relief of the Poor in such Parish Workhouse or P-oorhouse, as to the Justices assembled at such

Quarter Sessions shall seem meet and proper; and the Charges and Expences of relieving such Poor shall

be, and is hereby directed to be paid out of the Poor’s Rate of such Parish, in such Manner as thofaid

Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions fhall direct.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any

Poorhouse or Workhouse in any District or Districts which have been, or may be hereafter incorporated or

regulated by any special Act or Acts of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the

State and Condition of the Woods, For efts, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown;

and to fell or alienate Fee Farm, and other unimprovcable Rents.

c ^WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

4 VV Majesty, (intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of

c the Woods, Fore [Is, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to Jell or alienate Fee Farm, and

4 other unimproveable Rents), certain Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners for examining

4 and enquiring into the State, Management, Produce, and Expenditure of the said Rents of Lands, and

4 Fines for Leases of the fame, and other Monies arising from certain {mall Branches of Revenue in the

4 said Act mentioned; and into the State, Produce, Management, Extent, and Value, of all the Honours,

4 Castles, Lordships, Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Manors, Royalties, Seigniories, Messuages,

4 Mills, Demesne and other Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood

4 Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Derelict and Waste Lands, and Services, within the Survey of his Majesty’s

4 Exchequer, and appertaining and belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, situate and being in England

4 and Wales, or either of them ; and into all such subsisting Leases, Patents, and other Grants of the said

4 Honours and Premises respectively, as contain any express Saving, Exception, or Reservation to the

4 Crown of any Rights or Interests in Poflefllon, Reversion, or Contingency, and into all and all Manner

4 of Rights and Privileges claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within, over, and upon his Majesty’s said Forests,

4 Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Woods, Fens, Marshes, and Derelict and Waste Lands respectively; and into

4 all subsisting Offices, Places, and Employments, established or created for the Management of the said

x Forests,Chafes, Parks, and other the landed Estates, Land Revenues, and small Branches aforesaid re-

4 spectively, or in any wise connected therewith, and the annual Expence of the fame : And whereas the said

4 Commissioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts vested in

4 them by the said Act, but have not yet completed the fame; and it is expedient that the said Act should

4 be further continued May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, John Call, Esquire, and John Fordyce, Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby

constituted Commissioners for thefoveral Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, before they shall

be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, shall severally take and subscribe an Oath before the

Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Chief Baron, or one of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer,

to the Efteft following ; (that is to say),

4 T A. B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and

4 Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts, reposed in me by an Act of the thirtieth Year of

4 the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, (intituled, An Atl to continue an Act, made in the

4 twenty six th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, u /In Act for appointing Commissioners to

44 enquire into the State and Condition oj the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to tlfte Crown ;

44 and to felt or alienate Fee Fann, and other unimprove able Rents [j according to the Tenor and Purport

4 of the said Acts*

4* So help me GODd

I

■Which

59

r

be; made te the

Justices of the

Division who

are to give Older

for immediate

Rd er, &c.

Expence* of Re-

lief to be paid

out of the Foot*

Rate.

Not to extend ta

Workhouses re*

gulated by A&

of Failiament,

Preamble.

26 Geo. nr.

Cap. 87, mit*

.

Commissioners

appointed, who

are to take the

following

Oath*

