A.D. 1791. ving Annoying tricesimo primo G eo r g 11 III. C, 25.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, All Powers re-

Allowances on present Payment of the Duties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed rpe^iirg the pre.

by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper sent Dulie-» to

(and not hereby altered), shall be of full Force and Efteft, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and to thl*

mall be applied and put in Execution for theraifing, levying, collt£fing, and securing, the said Duties hereby

imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the lame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said Duties

hereby imposed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties herein-before Duties t« be paid

granted, and all Arrears of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, shall be paid from 7'ime to Time »o the Receiver

into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on {lamped Vellum, Parch- General of.

ment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame St7^p D-ut,e?,-4

being deducted) into his Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer at Wjhninjti■; at such Time and in such Manner the 1

.as other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid. chiquer.

. XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the Payment Tilt Payment of

of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pound.., and Interest thereupon, in the 1,833,0001. and

Manner herein-after mentioned, all the Monies that shall arise of the said Rates and Duties, and Arrears as interest, as here-

aforesaid, shall be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Re- i?,afrcr men“

venues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Ex- ^Tfntoibe*

chequer, during the Time herein-after mentioned, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from Exchequer arc

the mid Rates and Duties, and Arrears as aforesaid, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate to be kept fe-

and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Ac- Parate ,ron?

count whatever; and which Monies, so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, within the Time other Monic9»

herein-after mentioned, {hall be subject and applicable to the LJfes and Purposes following, and no

other.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising, or to arise, Dudes paid into

by the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, or from Arrears of the Rates and Duties hereby the Exchequer,

repealed, which {hall be paid into the said Receipt, at any 7'ime or Times, on or before the fifth day of onorbtfore^Prl1

’April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, {hall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund called carriedVo'the

27;* Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and Confdidated

.ninety-two, out of the Monies that shall be paid into the said Receipt of the said Rates and Duties hereby Fund,

imposed, or Arrears as aforesaid, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- and afterwards

.two, the Sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, being one fourth Part of the Sum of

one hundred and twenty eight thousand six hundred Pounds, the annual Average Produce for three Years, quarterly to that

ending the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, of the respective Rates and Fund,

Duties hereby repealed, shall quarterly, on the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day

of January, and the fifth Day of April, in every Year, during the 7'ime aforesaid, be carried to, and made

Part of, the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund\ and that after setting apart, at the said Receipt of Ex-

chequer, at the End of each such Quarter, the Sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds,

the remainder of the Duties granted by this Act, and Arrears as aforesaid, {hall, together with such other and the remain-

Rates and Duties as {hall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament for this Pur- der applied to-

pose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of one million eight hundred ^nd ^rds dircharp‘

thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this to^e’ralr^by

Session of Parliament, together with such Imercft as {hall, by such Act, be directed to be paid or made Exchequer Bills,

payable for the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and shall and Interest.

be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Sum of one million

eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no

other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Payment of the said principal After Payment

Sum of one .million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, of th- ftid

or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money, out of the said Fund tobeestabliflied as afore- Xn^creft0?h*ean(i

said, as {hall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and Du'ier to beV-r-

thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Intereit as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be rie l to the Con-

directed by any such Act of this Session of Parliament, then and from thenceforth all the Money arising foliated Fund.

from the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and remaining in the said Receipt, or thereafter paid into

the fame, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the said Fund called The Cor hhdated Fund, and (bail

from thenceforth be applied in such Manner ether Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, or Paper

are direeled to be applied, or as shall hereafter be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that

Behalf.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or 7'imcs, be sued, moldled, or prosecuted, for any 7'hing by him or them done or exe-

cuted in pursuance of this Act, or or any (Jlause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or

Persons shall or may plead the Genes at liiuc, and give the lpccial Matter in Evidence for his or their General Issue.

Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict Avail pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff*

or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants ihuii have Treble Costs awarded to TrebleCoft*.

him or them agumit fuel; Plaintiff or Plaintiff.

'31 Geo. III.

N

CAP.

