The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Ingldft, Burscough, and Dalton, in Furnefs, in the County of

Lancaster, inTrustees, upon Trust, to raise Money by

Sale or Mortgage thereof* and to apply the Money so to be

raised, in the Purchase of an Estate at Parbold, in the said

County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses of the set-

' tied Estates.

43. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes

the younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in

himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of

greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, and

in.Exchange for the fame ; and for enabling; the said

Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the Estate here-

by settled.

44. An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Power

of Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement of Sir

Jacob Wolff Baronet, ^nd Dame Anne, his Wife, so far as

such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of

Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-

ments, in the Counties of Devon and Southampton, which

have been settled to the Uses therein limited.

45. An Act to impower'Charles Picrrepont Esquire, and

his Issue Male, and also the several Tenants for Life under

the Will of the Duke of Khigflon, and their respective

Issue Male, to grant Building Leases.

46. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles

Sheffield Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in

strict Settlement, inTrustees to be sold, and for laying

out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase

of other, Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Fa-,

mily Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County

of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses.

47. An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange

agreed upon between the Trustees of Wilde's Charity and

Robert Sparrow Esquire, and Mary Bence Spinster, of

certain Estates in the County of Suffolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or

Waste Grounds,within the Lordships orLiberties of Heanor

and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the

Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen,

in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and

Minworth, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of

Warwick.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Com-

mon Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Liberty of Chaddefden, in the Parish of Spon-

don, and County of Derby.

52. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and Commonable

Lands, within the Township of Chippenham, in the

County of Cambridge.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors or Waste

Lands within the Manor and Parish of Nylands with

Badcombc, in the County of Somerset.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Com-

monable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton,

in the County of Waiwick.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons

and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne In-

closures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York,

31 Geo. Ill

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and

Grounds, in the Township of Leven, in the Parish of

Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleton, in the

County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds

in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of West Langton,

Eq/l Langton, "Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the

County of Leicester.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable

Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Od-

dington, in the County of Oxford.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common

and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common

Pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields,within the Parish

of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of

Croxall, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludfordj

in the County of Lincoln.

62. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing certain

Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke Moor

and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Rodney

Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

63. An Act to enable Henry Hopkins Fane Esquire, and

Katherine his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of

the said Katherine, to take the Surname of Cholmley only,

and to bear the Arms of the Family of the Cholmleys of

Whitby and Wentworth of HowJha?n, pursuant to the

Will of Nathaniel Cholmley Esquire, deceased.

64. An Act to enable Edward AP.on Barrar Esquire, and

the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of

Atlon only, pursuant to the Will of Edward Atlon

Esquire, deceased.

65. An Act to enable Thomas Leigh Esquire, and the

Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and

Arms of Flare only.

66. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace Esquire.

67. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ranee.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil Esquire,

with Emma Vernon his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in

the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Com-

mon or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kin-

nerton and Dodlcston, within the Manor and Parish of

Dodlefton, in the County of Chester.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Lands, within the Parish of Alconbury with Weston, in the

County of Huntingdon.

71. An Act to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Holling~

bourne, in the County of Kent Esquire, and his Heirs, to

take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant

to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Holingbourne afore-

said, Esquire, deceased.

72. An Act to enable Baldwin Hancorn Esquire, and his

first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and

bear, the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the

Will of Baldwin Duppa Esquire, deceased.

c

