Meeting H use,

and the other

within.

quij'ified.

Micifterr to pray

fur the Royal

Family*

266 C. 63. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgi III. A.D. 1792.

the Clerk of he officiates, or {hall officiate, as Minister or Pastor; Copies of which Entries shall likewise be transmitted by

each House of the Clerk to the Clerk of each House of Parliament, to be laid before the said Houses respectively at their

parliament, a.c. next A\dceting: And the faii Clerk of such Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, shall likewise deliver two attested

affix don\hebC ^°P*CS each of the Certificates to such Pallor or Minister, one Copy of each of such Certificates to

Omfid^o/the b" by on l^e Outside of the Meeting House where he officiates, or shall officiate, on or near the

Door thereof, and the other in some conspicuous Place within such Meeting House; for each and every of

which last-mentioned Copies, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling shall be paid, and no more.

Penalty on Mi- IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Pad or or Minister, at any

rirtcrscfficia.ing Time after six Months, to be reckoned from and after the said first Day of July, shall officiate as a Pastor or

whhout haTiEg Minister in any such Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House, without having taken and subscribed the Oaths

and Articles afortlaid, and produced Certificates thereof, according to the Directions of this Act, every such

Minister or Pastor lo offending in any of the Premises, shall, for the first Offence, being lawfully convicted

thereof, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other to be dif-

posed of for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Oflcncc I hall be committed ; and for the second

Offence, shall be, on lawful Conviction thereof, declared incapable of officiating as Pastor or Minister of any

such Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House as aforesaid, during the Space of three Years.

V. Provided also, and be it further enaCted, T hat every Tut h Pastor or Minister as aforesaid, who shall at

any Time after six Months, to be n ciconed from and after the said first Day of July^ officiate in any Epifco-

pal Chapel or Meeting House as afortlaid, shall, as often as he shall so officiate, at some Time during the Ex-

ercife of Divine Service, in such Episcopal Meeting House, or Congregation, pray for the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty by Name, for his Majesty’s Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal Family, in the fame

Form of Words as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Royal Family, arc or shall be directed. by

lawful Authority, to be prayed for in the Prayers for the Royal Family contained in the Liturgy of the

Chuich of England.

VI. And be it further enacted. That in case any Person shall, at any Time after six Months, to be reck-

oned from and after the said first Day of July, officiate as a Pastor or Minister in any such Episcopal Chapel

or Meeting House, as aforesaid, and shall not as often as he shall so officiate, at some Time during Divine Ser-

vice, pray for his Majesty by Name, for his Majesty’s Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal Family, in

the Manner herein-before directed, every Person so offending in any of the Premises, shall, for the first

Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, robe distributed in

such Manner as touching the other Penalties in this Av5t is herein-before directed ; and for the second Offence

shall, upon lawful Conviction thereof, be declared incapable of officiating as Pastor or Minister of any such

Episcopal £hapel or Meeting House as aforesaid, during the Space of three Years.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pastor or Minister of any Epif-

copal Chapel or Meeting House in Scotland shall offend in any of the Premises herein-before mentioned,

such Pastor or Minister io offending shall be incapable of voting in any Election of a Member of Parliament

for any Shire or Borough in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of voting in the Election of aMa-

gistrate or Counsellor for Boro jghs, or of a Deacon of Crafts within Burgh, or of a Collector or Clerk of the

Land Tax or Supply.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Assembly of

Persons for Religious Worship in any such Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House as aforesaid, shall be held

with Doors not locked, barred, bolted, or otherwise fattened during such Ailembly.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Person exercising the Function, or assuming the

Office and Character of a Pastor, or Minister of any Order, in the Episcopal Communion in Scotland as

aforesaid, shall be capable of taking any Benefice, Curacy, or other spiritual Promotion, within that Part of

Great Britain called England^ the Dominion of IValcs,or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or of officiating

in any Church or Chapel within the fine, where the Liturgy of the Church of England, as row by Law

established, is used, unless he shall have been lawfully ordained by some Bishop of the Church of Eng-

land, or of Ireland.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, at any Time

after six Months, to be reckoned from and after the said first Day of July, shall be present twice in the fame

Year at Divine Service in any Episcopal Cliapcl or Meeting House in Scotland^ whereof the Pastor or Mi-

P«nal*y for not

ib doing.

MJnlAen of-

fending against

thin Att, inca-

pable of vdhg

for a Member of

Parliament in

Scotland, See•

AOembliej for

Religious Wor-

th ip to be held

• with Doon un*

fastened.

Minister* of the

ppifcot.al Com-

‘ monion in Scot-

land incapable of

taking a:iy Be-

nefice in Eng-

land, unlefa or-

dained by a Bi-

shop.

Penalty on Per-

fons prtfern at

Divine Service

prayed for*

* Profecotton* for

Offences to be

com ne need

within twelve

Month*.

No Peer of Scot-

land capable of

heins elected one

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall

give Information of the said Offence, and shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months, unless or

until the fame be paid, and for the second or any subsequent Offence shall, on lawful Gonviction thereof, suffer

Imprisonment for the Space of two Years from the Date of such Conviction*

XI. Provided always. That every Prosecutidn for any Offence committed against this Act shall be com-

menced within the Space of twelve Months after such Offence committed, and not afterwards*.

XIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Peer ot Scotland shall be capable of

being elected one of the sixteen Peers, to fit and vote in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Bri-

tain, or of voting in the Election of any of thpTaid sixteen Peers, who shall at any Tim* after fix.Momhs,

to

