521

A.D. 1794. ving Annoying triceCmo quarto Georgii III. C. 27, 28.

the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid shal! be carried to and made Part of die Consolidated

xFund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates (?xr?pt

#or Duties hereby granted^, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, (except the Duties on Materials or tWc rcvivm)

Metal made ule of for snaking Cast Plate Glass hereby revived,) {hall be deemed an Addition made to the pa°idtet”ihe

Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasior.eJ by any Loan made, or Stock created Lxchtqurriprr,

or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Adds pa fled, or to be p il3ed, in this Session of Parliament; and that and k Pt irpa-

the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, riifiinflly rar<* °‘hcf

:and apart from all Other Branches of'the publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in

;the Office tf the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which

all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with

the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of

defraying such inertafed Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succcifors, upon any Account whatever.

XL And be it further enr.fled, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For- Powsrs of Car.

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Afl made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

Kir.g Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking envoy the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures Elating to the*

in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance^ and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu there- Excif-, to ti-

' cf or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and ten<uo this A&.

eitabliilied, for managing, railing, levying, coliefling, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining

the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Provisions are made

and prescribed by tnis Afl,) shall be praflifed, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising,

levying, collecting, mitigating, rccovuing, and paying the Excise Duties by this Afl imposed, and for pre-

venting, detecting, and punching. Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and

Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Afl.

Xii. 4 And whereas, in order to deter Workmen, Servants, and other Persons employed in Glass Manu- Pen*i’j for put-

4 factories, from putting Metals, Materials, and Preparations into the Pots used for the making of Glass after ting imo Pot*

4 the Gauge taken by the Officer of the Met*!, or Preparations therein, it is expedient to impose a Penalty a,7

* on every such Workman, Servant, or other . erfon so offending ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority J"ticelalter

aforesaid, 'That, from and after the passing of this Afl, if any Workman or Servant of, or any other Person Gauge’hai been

employed by, any Maker or Makers of Gla(s, shall, after a Notice in Writing has been given by such taken by the

Maker or Alakers of Glass to any Officer or Officers of the Division or Place where such Glass is in- Officer,

tended to be made, of the filling or charging any Pot with Metal or Preparation for the making of Glass,

and after a Gauge taken by the Officer of the Metal or Preparation in such Pot, put into such Pot any

Metal, Material, or Preparation whatsoever, without a fresh Notice in Writing, every such Workman,

Servant, or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; and it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or any three or more of them, within the Limits of

the Chief Office of Excise in London, and to or for any two or more Justices of the Peace in other Parts

of Great Britain, residing near to the Place where any such Offence (nail be committed, on Confelfion of

the Party, or on Proof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convifl every such ‘

Workman, Servant, or other Person so offending; and every such Workman, Servant, or other Person so

convicted, shall immediately, on such Conviction, pay into the Hands of the proper Officer of Excise the

said Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence of which he shall be so convicted ; and on any such Work-

man, Servant, or other Person refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum of forty Shillings for every fuclt"

Offence of which he shall be io convicted, such Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, so convicting as

aforesaid, shall, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals respectively, commit every Inch

Workman, Servant, or other Person, so convicted, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the

County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain for the Space of fourteen Days

from the Day of such Commitment 5 and no such Workman, Servant, or other Person, so committed, shall

be discharged until Payment be made of the said Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence of which

he shall be so convicted, or until the Expiration of the said fourteen Days.

XIII. Provided always. That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to a ft not to aftVft

extend, to repeal, alter, or assess any Penalty or Penalties to which any Maker or Makers of Glass would, *n>; Peruhyto

if th is Afl had not been made, have been liable by virtue of or under any Afl or Afls of Parliament in

force immediately before the passing of this Afl, but that all and every Maker or Makers of Glass shall JusieVforc *C

still remain and continue liable to all and singular such Penalty and Penalties for any Offence or Offences p.ffingit.

committed contrary to such Afl or Afls of Parliament; any Thing hereinbefore contained to thexontrary

in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Afl shall commence and take Commencemiat

cfFe£\ as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement Act.

is hereby direfled or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this Afl.

CAP. xxviir.

• An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thoufaridjevcn hundred and ninety-four.—[17th April 1794*] £* 2,poo,000.

3X2 CAP.

GoogI<

