A* D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 34.

mitting the Importation ofTobacco cnd-Snuff into the Port ^Newcastle upon Tyne,) {hall be removed ac-

cording to the Provisions of the said A& of the twenty-ninth of his present Majesty, as soon as may be,

under the usual Coast Dispatches and .Securities, to some one of the Ports enumerated in the said Act •, and

that fitch Tobacco and Snuff, and also Tobacco and Snuff of all Sorts taken as Prize, and brought into any

Port enumerated in the said Act, shall, on Condemnation as Prize, be warehoused in his Majesty’s Tobacco

Warehouse at such Port, and be subject and liable to Warehouse Relit, at the Rate of one Penny Half-

penny per Week for every Hogshead, or other Package ; and such Tobacco and Snuff may be exported

from such Warehouse, without Payment of any Duty, or may be- taken out of such Warehouse for Home

Consumption or Manufacture, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Tobacco and Snuff of the

Growth or Production of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America; and

such Tobacco and Snuff, so warehoused, shall be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and

Forfeitures as are provided and enacted with respect to warehoused Tobacco and .Snuff in the said Act,

passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in an Act passed in the thirtieth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Aci to explain and amend an All, made in the last

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on 'Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new

Duties in lieu thereof,) and also in the said recited Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods die Growth, Produce,

or Manufacture of France, shall be taken and condemned as Prize, and shall be sold for Home Consump-

tien, the fame {hall be subject and liable to the like Duties as the fame Sort of Goods are made subject and

liable to by the Table marked C. annexed to an ACt passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, (intituled, An Alii for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other

Ditties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compcfng the Publick

Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manu-

facture of the European Dominions of the French- King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed

Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the .National

Debt,) or by any llibfequent ACt or ACts of Parliament by which the Duties on any of the said Goods are

in any wise altered.

VII. * And whereas it may, in some Cafes, be impracticable for the Captors or their Agents to procure

c Vessels to export Prize Goods direCtly from the Ports where they are warehoused in pursuance of this ACt,

* and the keeping such Goods fora considerable 'Time, in order to procure such Vessels, may be attended with

c great Expence and Lofs1 to the Captors ;’ for Remedy whereof, be it further er.acted by the Authority afore-

said, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more

of them, in any Cafe where they {hall think proper, to order such Goods* so secured in any Warehouse in

this Kingdom, Tobacco and Snuff excepted, to be removed and sent from thence for Exportation to any

Custom-house Wajehouse at any other Place or Port in Great Britain, by and under the Seal of Office of

the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence the Goods are intended to be f6

removed, at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, or other Person or Persons who may have pur-

chafed the fame; and in such Cafe the Security direCted by this Act shall be taken by the Customer or

Collector of the Port to which such Goods are removed, before they are delivered for Exportation, instead

of the Customer or Collector of the Port where they were first warehoused as aforesaid, any Thing in the

present ACt to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods taken as Prize and con-

demned Abroad, shall, on Importation into Great Britain, be intitled to the Benefit and Indulgence granted

to Prize Goods by this ACt, provided a Certificate, from and under the Hand and Seal of the Judge of the

Court in which such Goods shall have been condemned, shall be produced to the Collector or principal Of-

ficer of his Majesty’s Customs at the Port or Place into which such Goods shall be impoited, certifying the

Condemnation thereof; and the Matter of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Goods shall be im-

ported, shall, together with the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, make Oath before the said Collector or

principal Officer, (who is hereby impowered to administer the fame,) that to the best of their Knowledge

and Belief, the Goods so imported are the identical Goods mentioned in the said Certificate of Con-

demnation.

IX. 6 And whereas Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of China, or the East Indies,

* taken as Prize, may, during the present Hostilities with France, be carried into some of the Out Ports of

‘ this Kingdom and condemned ;’ in order that the Duties due thereon may be properly atcertained, be it

further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where such Goods shall be carried into any

Out Port in this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize, Bond, with sufficient Security, shall be given to his

Majesty, in treble the Value of-such Goods, that the fame shall be brought to London and delivered to

his Majesty’s Warehouse-keeper at the Custom Ploufe for the Port of London, to be deposited by him in

Warehouses provided at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, and approved of by the Commission-

ers of the Customs, or any four or more of them ; and with further Condition to produce a Certificate

from such Warehouse-keeper, within three Months from the Date of such Bond, that the Goods have

been delivered accordingly, which Security the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of

the Customs, at the Port from whence such Goods arc to be removed, are hereby authorized and empow-

ered to take, and to cancel and discharge such Bond, upon receiving the Certificate from the Warehouse-

keeper as herein-before directed ; and if such Goods shall be font by Land Carriage, they {hall be removed

under the Seals of Office of such Collector and Comptroller or principal Officer of the Customs, and

33 Geo. HI. * U u {hall

32?

Prise Toboccft

and Snuff, on

Condemnation

to be lodg-d in

the King’s To-

bacco Ware-

houses, and may

be exptnted Du-

ty-free, or t»ktn

out for Home

Consumption,on

rrent ot Du-

ly, &c.

Prize Goods,

the Growth, &e.

of France, fr l I

for Home C<>n-

fumption, to be

liable to the Du-

lie* in Table C,

of 27 Geo. III.

Cap. 1 3, See,

Commissioners

of the Customs

may author'zs

warehoused

Goods (Tobacco

and Snuff ex-

cepted) to be

removed for Ex-

portation to any

Custom- house

Warehouse, &c.

IVz° Goods

condtmned

A broad, to be in-

titled on Impor-

tation to the Be-

nefit of this Act

on certain Con-

ditions. v

Bond to be given

that China or

Last India Gocds

condemned at

Out Ports /ball

be delivered to

the Warthouse-

keeper at the

Custom H> use

in Lqpdon, &c.

Goods so remov-

by Land Car-

riage to be ac-

Jl

