394- C. 54, 55. Anno tricesimo tertio G eorg 11 III. A.D. 1793.

Boards to have

the Mother's

Settlement,

Charepsofmain-

taining or re

moving Refi-

dents under this

A& to b* reim-

hurfed by :he

I'a-ilh 10 which

the Parties be-

long.

Pub!i:lc Act,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Child which {hall be born a Bastard in any Parish, Town-

ship, or Place, during the Mother’s Residence therein, under the Authority of this Act, shall have and be

deemed to have the fame Settlement which the Mother has or is entitled unto at the Time of the Birth of

such Child; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further envied by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Overseer or Overseers of

the Poor of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall have been put to any QHarge in the maintaining any Per-

son or Persons, or their Families, residing in such Parish, Township, or Place, under the Authority of this

Act, or in removing any Person or Persons back to the Place to which he, she. or they {hall belong, after

he, she, or they shall have become actually chargeable, or asked Relief as aforesaid, such Overseers shall from

Time to Time be reimbursed such reasonable Charges by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town-

ship, or Place, to which such Person or Persons shall belong, the said Charges being first ascertained and al-

lowed of by one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Charges

shall be incurred; to be levied, in case of Retufal of Payment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat-

tels of such Overseers of the Poor as last aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants, under the Hand and Seal, or

Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, returning the Overplus, if any there be; which Warrant or

Warrants he or they is and are hereby required to grant.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick

Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. LV.

An Act to authome Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and

other Peace or Parish Officers, for Neglect: of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for

ill Usage of such their Apprentices , and also to make Provffion for the Execution of

Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates.—[21ft June 1793.]

Justices may

impose Fines

upon Confta-

ties, &c. for

Neglect of Duty,

a»d on M ifters

for ill Usage of

Apprentices.

Application of

Fine?.

Persons ag-

grieved may ap-

peal to the

Quarter Scilions,

For Want of

D ft re Is, Offen-

deta may be

committed*

WHEREAS it is expedient to give further Powers to Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon

Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other Peace and Parish Officers, within their respective Ju-

4 rifdiclions, for Neglect of Duty in such their respective Offices, or for Disobedience of the Warrants or

4 Orders of such Justices; and it is also expedient to impower Justices to impose Fines upon Masters of Ap-

4 prentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants

4 of Distress granted by Magistrates May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the lUthority of the fame.

That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at

any Special or Petty Sessions of the Peace, upon Complaint being made upon Oath before them, of any

Neglect of Duty, or of any Disobedience of any lawful Warrant or Order of any Justice or Justices of the

Peace by any Constable, Overseer of the Poor, or other Peace or Parish Officer, or upon Complaint made

to such two or more Justices upon Oath, by or on the Behalf of any Apprentice to any Trade or Business

whatsoever, whether bound Apprentice by any Parish or Township or otherwise, provided that not more

than the Sum of ten Pounds be paid upon the binding of such Apprentice, against his or her Master or Mif-

tress, of any ill Usage of such Apprentice by such Master or Mistress, (such Constable, Overseer, or other

Officer, Master, or Mistress, having been duly summoned to appear and answer such Charge or Complaint,)

to impose upon Conviction any reasonable Fine or Fines, not exceeding the Sum of lorty Shillings, upon

such Constable, Overseer, or other Officer, Master 01 Mistress respectively, as a i unishment for such Dif-

obedience, Neglect of Duty, or ill Usage, and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more

of such Justices assembled, at any such Special or Petty Sessions as aforesaid, todireft fugh Fine or Fines, if

not paid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending,

rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Amount of such Fine or Fines, and the Charges of such

Distress and Sale, to such Offender or Offenders; and such Fine or Fines which may be imposed upon any

such Constable, Overseer, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of for the Relief of the

Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offenders shall respectively reside, at the Discretion of

the Justices imposing the fame, and such Fine or Fines, which may be imposed upon any such Master or

Mistress, shall, at the Discretion of the Justices imposing the fame, be either so applied and disposed of as

aforesaid, or be otherwise paid and applied to or for the Use and Benefit of such Apprentice, for or towards

a Recompence or Compensation for the Injury which may have been by him or her sustained by reason of

such ill Usage as aforesaid; and if any Person shall be aggrieved by the imposition of such Fine or Fines as

aforesaid, or by any Order or Warrant of Disticis for railing and levying the fame, or by the Judgement or

Determination of the said Justices, or by any Act to be done in the Execution of such Warrant of Distress,

such Person or Persons so aggrieved shall and may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the

Peace to be held for the County, Riding, or Divilion, within which such Person shall reside, of which Appeal

ten Days Notice at the least shall be given; and for Want of such Distress, such Person or Persons shall be

committed to the House of Correction for any Space of Time not exceeding ten Days.

II. Provided

li

