239

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 47, 48.

to go any where within the Difiance of ten Miles from the City of London or And whereas

‘ Doubts have arisen what are seasonable Times for such Coachmen to go within the true Intent and Mean-

rng of the said Act, and many of such Coachmen refuse to go after Sunset to any Distance from the said

Cities or the Suburbs thereof, where the Houses are not immediately adjoining, by Means whereof many

Persons who reside at short Distances from the said Cities, or the Suburbs thereof, are put to great Incon-

venience:’ For Remedy whereof, may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this^present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, every Hackney

Coachman licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, and his, her, or

their Renter or Driver, plying for Hire within the Cities of London or or the Suburbs thereof,

shall be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, (unless he or they shall have been out twelve

Hours, or shall have other reasonable Excuse to be allowed of by the said commissioners, or the Justice be-

fore whom any such Matter shall be brought in question,) to go to any Place within the Distance of ten

Miles, in case such Coachman shall have 'l ime to return to the said Cities by or before Sunset, or the Fare

shall undertake to return in such Hackney Coach.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Hackney Coachman plying as

aforesaid, shall be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, and at any Hour of the Night,

{unless he or they shall nave been out twelve Hours, or have such other reasonable Excuse to be allowed of as

aforesaid,) to go upon all publick High Roads being Turnpike Roads, or that now are or hereafter shall be

lighted up, any where within the Distance of two Miles and an Half from the Ends or extreme Parts of the

several and respective Carriage-way Pavements of the Cities of London and / , or the Suburbs-

thereof, where a regular Continuation of Carriage-way Pavement doth extend.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That every Person hiring a Hackney Coach to go

any further Distance than the regular Continuation of the Carriage-way Pavement doth extend, after Sun-

set, shall be liable to pay to the Coachman, not only the Fare he is by Law intitled to, but also Sixpence for

every Distance not exceeding half a Mile that such Coachman shall have to return to the extreme End of the

Carriage-way Pavement after setting down his Fare, unless the Fare shall return in such Hackney Coach,

which additional Fare shall and may be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as any other Fare

due to such Coachman is now by Law recoverable; and in case of such Hackney Coachman’s refusal

to go, or exadling any more for his Hire than as aforesaid, he or they shall be subject and liable to the

like Penalty and Punishment as may, by any of the Laws now in Force, be inflicted in Cafes of Refusal

to carry for Hire, or demanding, receiving, or taking for Hire any greater Sum than such Hackney Coach-

man is intitled unto.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Con-

vidlion of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to

be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Adf, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of

Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if

any Person or Persons shall at any T ime be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or exe-

cuted in pursuance of this Adf, he or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Adf in Evi-

dence; and if upon a Triala Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement shall be given

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue, or

forbear prosecuting his or their said Action or Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants {hall have treble

Costs, to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Costs he shall have such Remedy

as in other Cafes where Costs are by Law given to Defendants: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing

herein contained shall be construed to extend to, or to leften or abridge any of the Bye Laws now in being

relative to such Hackney Coach Owners, their Renters or Drivers.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Adf shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, Hull take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of to continue a

Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the EfToigrj

JDay of Term, and Sitting of the King’s Bench at »*, notwithstanding the hap-

pening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at -

mnjler, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

T I TH EREAS by an Adf, pasted in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled. An Act to impower the fu/lices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery rf Newgate for the

County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery cf Newgate, to he holden before ike

‘ EJfoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King’s Pencil Wcftmmfter, the happening

such EJfoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench Westminilcr, or elf where the said

? County of Middlesex; it was enacted, That from and after the third Day of one thousand seven hun-

3zGi:o. IIL I i ‘ dred

Hackney Coach-

men compellable

to go within ten

Miles from Lon-

don or Weft-

minster, in the

Cafes herein f*>e-

cified j

rod at any Hour

of the Night

compellableto go

upon all Turn-

pike or lighted

Roads within

two Miles and

an Half from the

Ends of ihf: Car-

riage way Pave-

ments.

Persons hiring

Coaches after

Sunset to go

beyond the ie*

gular Continu-

ation of the Car-

riage-way Pave-

ment, to pay an

additional Fare

trnlefs they re-

turn therein*

Proceedings not

to be quaftied for

want ot Form,

or removeable by

Certiorari.

General I flue*

Treble Costs.

Bye Laws rela-

tive to Hackney

Coach Owners

not hereby

abridged.

Publick A a,

Preamble.

25 Geo. 3.c.

recited.

