A/D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III

C.63. 265

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for granting Relief to Pallors, Ministers, and Lay Persons of the Episcopal

Communion in Scotland.

c TX7H ERE AS by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, Disabilities, Forfeitures, and Penalties, prcamblc*

▼ ▼ have been imposed in certain Cafes upon Persons frequenting, retorting to, or officiating in certain

Episcopal Chapels and Meeting Houses in Scotland: And whereas there is sufficient Reason to believe,

4 that the Pastors, Ministers, and Laity of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, are now well attached

4 to his Majesty’s Person, Family, and Government: And whereas it is just and reasonable that such of

4 them as are willing in a proper Manner to manifest such Attachment, should receive Relief with respect:

4 to certain Disabilities, forfeitures, and Penalties, in the said Acts mentioned:* May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal So muc* of ?0

Communion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their Religious iVorship, and in Ann*, c. 7,

the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England ; and for repealing the Atl passed in the Parliament of Scot-

land, intituled,44 An Act against irregular Baptfms and Marriages and also, so much of an Act passed in the

fifth Year of the Regin of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more ejfcdlual the of 5 Geo i.

Laws appointing the Oaths for Security of the Government to be taken by Ministers, and Preachers in Churches 29.

and Meeting Houses in Scotland; and also, so much of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pastors or of 19 Geo.

Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting Houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves accord- c. 38. and

ing to Law ; and to punish Persons for resorting to any Aleeting Houses where such unqualified Pajiors or Mi -

njfters shall officiate; and also, so much of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King Georve the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Act made in the nine- of 21 Geo. 2.

teenth Year of his Majesty7s Reign, as relates to the more effiedlual dfarming the Highlands in Scotland, and c- 34* as relate

refraining the TJfe of the Highland Dress, and to Masters and Teachers of private Schoo ’s, and Chaplains, to i®Pofinfc pe-

and to explain a Clause in another Act made in the same Year relating to Letters of Orders of Epfcopal Minify p^ns rtfort"

ters in Scotland, and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Jp there, and certain to Epifcopa?^2

Persons belonging to or practising in the Courts of Session and Justiciary, to take the Oaths, and to repealfome Chapels in Scot-

Clauses in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby cer- or

tain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland who foould continue in their Duty and aling ^ereia.

Loyalty to his said late Majesty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relate to the importing any Penal- repea c

ties, Forfeitures, or Disabilities on any Person or Persons for or on Account of his or their frequenting

or resorting to any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House in Scotland, or any Person or Persons for or

on Account of his or their officiating at any such Chapel or Meeting House, shall be, and the fame are

hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who {hall exercise Minrflcrsof

the Fundion of a Pallor or Minister in any Episcopal Chapel, Meeting House, or Congregation in Scotland, Epifcrpj| cha-

shall, within six Months, to be reckoned from and after the first Day of July in this present Y’ear of our Lord Pe.Is » K*

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or at some other Time previous to his exercising the said Func- J1™to

tien, take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Assurance, in such Manner as all Officers, of Allege*

Civil and Military, in Scotland, are now by Law obliged to take and subscribe the fame, and shall also sub- Arc.an/fubfV/ibc

feribe, at the fame Time and Place, a Dclaration of his Assent to the thirty-nine Articles of the Church of the following

England, as contained in the Ad passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the

Words following; videlicet:

4 t A. B. Pajlor of a Congregation of Persons in the Epfcopal Communion in Scotland, meeting for Divine Declaration

4 A Worship, at % § in the County of do willingly and ex animo

4 subscribe to the Book of Articles of Religion agreed upon by the Archbishops and Bi/hops of both Provinces of

4 the Realm of England, and the whole Clergy thereof, in the Convocation holden at London in the Year of our

4 Lord one thousand five hundred and sixty-two ; and I do acknowledge all and every the Articles therein con-

4 tained, being in Number Thirty-nine, besides the Ratification, to be agreeable to the Word of God7

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who now does aB(J prodl/Ce

or shall hereafter exercise the Fundion of aPaftor or Minister of any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting House in the clerk of the

Scotland, {hall, and he is hereby required, within six Months, to be reckoned from and after the first Day of Shiie, &c. a

July in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or at some Time before his exercising Ceri.ificae of Ha

the said Fundion, to produce to the Clerk of the Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, where his Meeting House is jP”"6 so

situated, a Certificate from the proper Officer of his having qualified himself, by taking and subscribing the e

said Oaths, and a Certificate from such Officer of his having subscribed to the said Articles above mentioned;

of which respective Certificates the Clerk shall forthwith make an Entry in the Book appointed for keeping a Clerk to make

Lift or Register of the Meeting Houses within that Jurisdiction, which Entry shall express the Name of the an Entry of Ce*.

Minister whom the said Certificates concern, and the Situation and Description of the Meeting House where ard

M m 2 he fcfld Up,e3t0

