A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 30. 93

appeal to his Majesty in Council* and upon Notice of such Appeal being signified to the Chief Judge of made, where

such Court, within fourteen Days after such Judgement paired, and Security gi^en to the Satisfaction of the Judgement*!

hid Chief Judge, for prosecuting such Appeal, the Execution of such Judgement shall be staved. *ivcn fofmorc

than icol.

IV. And be it further enacted, That during the Time the Governor of the said Island shall continue WhiletheGo*

to be resident in the said Island, or Parts adjacent, no Dilputes which shall arile concerning the Wages vern°f i*refi-

of any Seaman or FiQierman shall be heard and determined in the Court of Session mentioned in the dent* oifPutei

said first mentioned Act, but only in the Court of Civil Jurisdiction which shall be instituted by virtue of to

this Act. be h*»rd only ia

the Court of Civil Jurisdiction;

V. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent the Court of Session

aforesaid from hearing and determining such Disputes as aforesaid, when the Governor shall not be resident

in the said Island or Parts adjacent.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Suit shall be commenced in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction

where the Cause of Action shall have arisen more than two Years before such Commencement, nor shall be

heard and determined in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction, except during the Residence of the Governor

within the Ligiits of his Government; and that this Act shall commence from the tenth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and shall have Continuance for one Year, and unto the End of the

then next Session of Parliament.

when be it not

resident, they

may be heard

in the Court of

Session.

Limitation of

Actions.

Continuance of

a a.

Preamble*

CAP. XXX.

An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of

the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

WHEREAS he Laws now in force for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and

the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty granted on British Corn

4 exported, require Amendment; and it is expedient that certain Parts of the said Laws should be conti-

4 nued, and new Provisions made, and that the fame should be comprized in one Act of Parliament: And

4 whereas it is necessary, for these Purposes, that certain Acts, and Parts of Acts now in force should be re-

4 pealed:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That, from and after the respective Times when the several Regulations of this Act

shall commence and take Effect as herein-after directed, an Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of

his Majesty King James the Second, intituled, An additional Alt for the Improvement of 'Tillagey and also

an Act, passed in the ffrft Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Alary, inti-

tuled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corny and also an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the

Re ign of hislate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making more ejfcc -

tual an Act, made in the first Tear cf th Reign of King James the Second, intituled, u An additional Act for

w the Improvement ofl uhige y* and also an Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act fr regijlering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties cf Great Britain,

and the Jfigiantity exported and imported; and also an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corny and also an Act,

passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating Geo. 3. €.50*

and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation cf Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein

mentioned y and also an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Ac.7 for better regulating and tfeertaining the hnpertation and Exportation cf Corn and Grain y and afo for and 29 Geo. 3.

better re ulating the Exportation f Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed, shall be, and the fame are 58*

hereby repealed; and that all and every Provision in any other Act contained for regulating the Importation also ever vVro-

from foreign Parts, of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, Oats, Beer or Bigg, Indian Corn or Maize,

whether ground or ungrounc^ and of Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of any of the said Sorts of Corn, and

for the Payment of the Duty thereon, and also ail and every Provision in any other Act contained, for regu-

lating the Exportation of any of the said Sorts of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, and for Payment of

the Bounty thereon, except so far as the fame relate to the making of Malt for Exportation, or to the

Exportation thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

making of Malt for Exportation, and the Exportation thereof.

4 II. And whereas it will be for the Benefit of the People of this Kingdom, that the Circulation and

4 Trade of Corn within the Realm should be free from all improper Restraint y be it further enacted, That

so much of an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Se-

cond, intituled, An API for the Encouragement cf Trade, as prohibits the buying of Corn to fell again, and

the laying it up in Granaries, when the several Sorts of Corn are above certain Prices therein mentioned,

shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it shall from henceforth be lawful to buy the several Sorts

of Corn to fell again, and to lay it up in Granaries, whatever the Price thereof may be,

7 III. And%

From the Com-

mencement of

the Regulations

of this Act,

1 Jac. a. c. 19

1 Gul. & Mar.

c. i*5

5 Geo. 2. c, 12;

10 Geo. 3. c.395

ijG.o. }.c.4j;

vision in any

other Act for

regulating the

I tiportaiion of

Wheat, Arc.

except such as

relate to the

So much

Car. 2. c.

prohibits

uu)ing of

to (clI agaj

and the Jaj

it up in G

lies, repca

