248 C. 53. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Hi* M-jessy in

Council may or-

der Salaries to

the Justices, &c.

and appoint a

Receiver.

Duty and Power

of ihc Receiver.

Receiver to ren-

der Accounts

upnn Oath to

the Treasury.

A llowance to the

Receiver.

If the Monies to

be applied in

Discharge of Sa*

hrits rtiould be

insufficienr, the

Deficiency to be

supplied out of

the Consolidated

Fund, and any

Surplus carried

thereto.

ing the fame, unless the contrary can be shewn in Evidence by the Defendant or Defendants in such

Action.

Vill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to direct the Salaries

herein-after mentioned to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend each of the said (even Publick Offices,

for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for their Expences in the said Offices, and for the Pay-

ment of Clerks, Peace Officers, and others therein employed, in such Manner as to his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall seem meet: Provided always.

That the yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be four hundred Pounds,'clear of all Taxes and De-

ductions whatever: Provided also, That the whole Charges attending any one of the said Offices (the said

Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of two thousand Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be. lawful for his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to appoint a proper Person,

not being one of the Justices appointed to act at either of the Offices aforesaid, to be the Receiver of the said

seven Publick Offices ; which said Receiver shall keep an exabt and particular Account of all such Monies as

shall be received by him by virtue of any Provisions of this Act, and forthwith pay such Parts thereof as shall

have arisen from any Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, in the Manner herein-

after mentioned, into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall apply the Residue thereof in Dif-

charge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Offices, and the carrying this Act

into Execution, and shall make alt such Contracts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the hiring,

fitting up, and furnishing proper and sufficient Houses or Buildings wherein the said seven Publick Offices

shall be held, in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Conient

of his or their Privy Council, ‘lhall think proper to direct and appoint; of which said Premises so to be hired,

and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Necessaries to be purchased for the Purposes of this

Abt, the Property or Interest so acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the Time being, who

shall and may in like Manner fell, assign, and dispose of the fame, or any Part thereof, under the like Directions

and Appointment, as Occasion shall require ; and such Receiver shall forthwith, after his Appointment, pre-

pare proper Plans and Estimates of all such Contrabls and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the Purposes

aforesaid, and shall deliver the fame to his Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Home Depart-

ment ; and such Receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful Matters and Things, towards the

Establishment of the said seven Publick Offices, and towards the carrying this Abt into Execution, as his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice.of his or their Privy Council, shall from Time

to Time think proper to direbt.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Receiver shall, every

six Months, and oftener, if required, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer, cr the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid

as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the fame, which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or

Baron of any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJImin/ier ; and such Receiver, for his Care and Pains ia

the Execution of such Office, shall and may retain to his own Ufc, out of the Monies so received by him as

aforesaid, such Sum, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum on the fame, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceflors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall direbt and appoint: Provided always, That

if it shall appear that the Monies herein-before directed to be applied by the said Receiver, in Di (charge of

the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said seven Publick Offices, and the carrying this Act into

Execution as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray the fame, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied

cut of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund; and if at the End cf any Year there shall be any Surplus in

the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of his Majesty’s

Exchequer; and the fame, together with the Monies herein before directed to be paid into the said Re-

ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, shall be carried to and made Part of the said Fund cailed The Coufoli-

dated Fund.

His Majesty in

Council may al -

ter the Situation

of the Offices,

AOs directed to

be done by a Juf-

lice near the

Place where an

Offence is com*

fiihied, may be

<fone by a Just.ce

XI. ProviJcd also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the^ Advice of his or their Privy Council, to make such

Alterations, in the Places where any of the.said seven Publick Offices shall be fttuated, or to make such Alter-

ations in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in con-

ducing the fame, as he or they from Time to Time shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where, by any Law now in being, or

hereafter to be made, any Abt is directed or authorised to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace re-

filling in or near or next the Parish or Place where any Offence or other Matter cognizable before them shall

be committed or shall arise, the fame Jurisdiction shall and may be exercised by a Justice or Justices abtwgin

such of the said seven Publick Offices as may be fttuated next or near such Parish or Place-

aflirtg at the next Publick Office.

justices appoint- XIII- Provided always, and be it enacted and declared. That no Justices of the Peace to be appointed as

ru by this Ai\ aforesaid, by virtue of this Abt, shall, during their Continuance in such Appointment, be capable of being

incopaMe of be- w\c j or of joeing as Members of the House of Commons.

ing defied 7

Members of Pailwoitnl.

No justice, He XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice, Receiver, or Constable,

irivef,or cm- nominated and appointed as aloielaid by virtue oi this Act, shall, during the i unc he or they llwll continue in

under lU.a •

