1

4-66

Pma'tte# may

be mitigated.

Penalty on

Drivers of

Waegons, Sec,

with two or

more Horses, or

other Bea(Vs of

Draughr, riding

on ti'her of

such Horses.

Penjhv on Per-

lent. ilTiuitiin*,

«rc. the Collec-

for, or other

Cfiictrs,

Vt-nal*y on Con-

itaoles neglect-

ing or rdufing

to alTift, in r*fc

o* any Distress

being i ,keo.

CommiHioriers

to be fty led Com-

miinor.ers of

bewers of the

City of J.>n ;cr,

ier.

A Oions or Suits

not to abate by

The Death or

Removal of (he

Clcik.

Monies in the

Hands of Col-

lectors dying or

btcoroing

Bankrupts or

Insolvent, how

ro be paid and

recovered.

C. 75. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 17931

which Warrant or Warrants any such Adagiflrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose shall forthwith back

or countcrfign.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before

whom lhalj be recovered any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or the said recited Act, where

no other Manner of Mitigation of any such Penalcies or Forfeitures is hereby or by the said recited Act di-

rected, to mitigate or lessen any of such Penalties or Forfeitures as he in his Discretionshall think lit, so as the

lame be not mitigated or reduced to less than one Moiety or Half Part thereof.

XX. c And whereas many Drivers of Waggons, Carts, Drays, Trucks, and Sledges, drawn by two or

4 more Horses, or other Bealls of Draught, make a Practice of riding on one of such Horses, or other Beafb;

4 to the great Danger of the Publick be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Dray*

Truck, or Sledge, drawn by two or more Horses, or other Bealls of Draught, within the said City or Liber-

ties, shall fit or ride on either of such Horses or other Bealls, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person

or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Per-

fons to assist in seizing such Offender, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to

convey or deliver him into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some

Justice of the Peace of the said City, and the Party accused being brought before him, such Justice shall pro-

ceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information;

touching such Offence, which Oath (or Affirmation, in the Cafe of a Quaker) the said Justice is hereby au>-

tnorized and required to administer, and if the Party acculed shall be convicted of any such Offence, either

by his own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings

for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings for the second Offence, and the Sum of forty Shillings foe

the third and every other.Offence, and upon Nonpayment of such Penalty, it shall and may be lawful for such

Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause

such Offender to be committed to one of the Compters, or to the Bridewell of the said City, there to re-

main without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding twenty Days, nor less than seven Days, unlefe

such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct*

hinder, or molcft any of the said Commissioners, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers,

Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Perform-

alice or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offending shall for the first Offence forfeit and Day the

Sum of five Shillings, for the second the Sum of twenty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence

the Sum of five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Distress is authorized to be made by the said

recited or this Act, if any Constable of the Parish or Place where the fame is to be made, upon being called

upon by any Collcblor or Collcblors, or any other Person (who shall have obtained such Warrant of Distress)

shall neglect or refuse to aid and affilt in making such Distress and Sale, such Constable shall for every such

Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the said

recited Act, and such Commissioners as shall hereafter be appointed to put the said Abl, and the present

Abl, into Execution, shall be named and styled Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, and Liber-

ties thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit to be commenced or prosecuted under the

Authority of this present Act, or the said recited Act, in the Name of the principal Clerk to the said Com-

missioners for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by

the Abl of the said Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but that such Clerk shall always be

deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the Cale may be : Provided always* That every

such Clerk shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges*

and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff or

Defendant.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collcblor or Collectors shall happen to die or become

Bankrupt, or take the Benefit of any Insolvent Abl, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all

the Monies by him ol them received by virtue of the said recited Act, then and in every such Cafe the Execu-

tors or Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, or Pei (on or Persons possessing the

Estate and Etfebts of every such Colleblor, or the Assignee or Assigneesof every such Bankrupt or Insolvent,

(hull, out of the Estate and Ett’cbls of the Party so dying, becoming Bankrupt or insolvent, pay into the Cham-

ber of the said City, all such Sums of Money as shall be in the Hands of such Person respectively at the Time

of his or their Death, or at or after the Time of his becoming Bankrupt or Insolvent, and not paid over, or

so much thereof as the Estate and Eft’cbls will extend to pay, in Preference to any other Creditor, and the

Receipt or Receipts of the said Chamberlain shall be a good Discharge for the said Money, to the Person or

Persons paying the fame ; and every Executor, Administrator, or Ailignec, or such other Persons paying the

fame as aforesaid, may to any Ablion, Suit, or Prosecution commenced or brought against him, her, or them,

plead and give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed the fame prior

to any Specialty, Judgement, or other Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the

lame by the Spi.cc of one Calendar Month after the fame shall have been demanded by any Person or Persons

to be authorized by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the principal Clerk to the

C.ooooie

