A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 46, 47. 535

TV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall make any Affidavit or Affirma-

tien of the due taking of the Recognizance of any Bail, or for the Justification of any Bail, or otherwise in

relation thereto, in any Suit or Action depending, or to be hereafter depending, in the said Court, shall

falsely fv/ear, orfalfely affirm in or by his or their said Affidavit or Affirmation respectively, every such Person

and Persons shall incur and be liable unto the like Pains and Penalties as he, she, or they would have incurred

and been liable unto, if such Affidavit or Affirmation had been made and taken in open Court, in any of

his Adajesty’s Courts of Record at IVeflrninster.

Persons {wear-

ing falsely to be

liable to the

fame Penalties

as would have

been incurred

in Courts of

Record at Weft-

minster.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall, before any Person or Persons em- Persons repre-

powered by virtue of this Act as aforesaid to take special Bail or Bails, represent or personate any other Per- felting others

son or Persons, whereby the Person or Persons so represented or personated may be liable to the Payment ^be^fable^

of any Sum or Sums of Adoney for Debt or Damages to be recovered in the fame Suitor Action wherein the Payment of

such Person or Persons is or are represented or personated, as if he, she, or they had really acknowledged Money to be

and entered into the fame, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, esteemed, and taken to be a deemed Felons.

Felon or Felons, and fuller and incur the fame Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as Persons convinced of

the like Offences are liable to, by virtue of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of King FVillia?n

and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking Special Bails in the Country upon Actions and Suits depending

in the Courts of King's Bench, Common PL as, and Exchequer, at Weff mi offer.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,% An Act to

provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom,

and of Subflituies serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed

in the twenty-sixth Teqr of I. is present Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for amending, and re-

C( ducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of

<c Great Britain called England and also an Act, made in this present Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia.—[9th May 1794.]

WHEREAS, in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide

for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Sub/litutes

c serving therein; and to explain and ennend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth Tear of his pre-

font Majesty, intituled, u An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating

to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England,' Provision is made for the Relief of the Fa-

milies of Militia Aden chosen by Lot, and of Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers serving in the Militia, in

c the Cafes in the said Act mentioned; but no Provision is made therein for the Families of Serjeants serving

c in the said Alilitia Therefore be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

fiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the like Allowances shall be made to the Families of Ser-

jeants serving in the Militia, as by the said Act is directed to be made to the Families of Corporals, Drum-

mers, and Fifers serving therein, such Allowance to be ordered, paid, and reimbursed by such Persons in

such Alanner as is direcited by the said Act, and by this Act, with respect to the Allowances made to the Fa-

milies of such Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers.

the Families

33 Geo. III.

Cap. 8. recited.

Like Allow*

ances to be made

to the Families

of Serjeants, as

are given by the

recited Act to

of CoiporaU, &c.

II. And fie it further enabled fiy the Authority aforesaid, That if'the Colonel or Commanding Officer of The Families of

any Regiment of Alilitia shall discharge any Alilitia Man, whether Principal or Substitute, at his own Rc- Persons inrolled

quest, on his producing another Adan to lerve in his Stead, and such Militia Man shall produce such Person, ^fdar'

who shall be (worn and inrolled accordingly, the Wife and Family of such Person so produced, inrolled, theirownRe-

and (worn shall be entitled to the fame Relief as the Wives and Families of every other Substitute is by the quest cnihled to

said Act, and this Act, entitled to Relief.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall, on Demand Penalty on Pa-

made, in pursuance of any Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the Payment of any Sum of offi.-er* not

Money, by virtue of the said Act of the 1 aft Session of Parliament, or of this Act, and after the producing

of the said Order to him, refule or neglect to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid ord^s “of

in or by such Order, every such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, so refusing or neglecting to make &c.

such Payment, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered upon the Oath

of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party accused, before the Justice

making such Order, or any other Justice c>f the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place

where the Offence shall be committed; which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon any In-

formation exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summonlhc Party accused, and to examine into

the Alatter of Fast, and upon due Proof thereof as aforesaid, to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be

levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's G.oods and Chattels, in case the fame shall not be forthwith

paid,^ by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus, if any, after deducting

the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be

paid, one Aloiety thereof to the Party aggrieved, and the other Aloiety to the Poor of the Parish.

34 Geo. Ill, ~ 3 Z IV. And

