A* D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 64.

And therefore praying. That such Part of the said Highway may be allotted and apportioned

for the Repair thereof, by the Justices aforesaid, to the said several Parishes of A. and B.y in the

Manner directed by an A<3t, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

(Signed) J. S.

One of the Surveyors of the Highways

for the Parish of A.

SUMMONS, to be subjoined to a Copy of the above Information,

County 7 rpO the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish of B. in the said County, any or either

5 of them.

1 hird, intituled, An Atty c5c.

The above Application was made to us

the Day and Year first above written.

7. P.

K. P.

Whereas a certain Information has been given to us J* P. and K. P. two of his Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Jm £. one of the Surveyors of the Highways of the

Parish of A. in the said County, a true Copy whereof is above written $ these are, in his Majesty’s

Name, to summon you, any or either of you, to appear before us at in the said

County, on the Day of at to shew Cause

(if any) why an Allotment and Apportionment of the Highway therein mentioned should not be

made, according to the Provisions of the Act referred to in the said Information. Hereof fail not*

Given under our Hands, this Day of

J. P.

K. P.

Final ORDER and ADJUDICATION, to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace,

WHEREAS,

1. State the Original Application*

2. The Summons.

3. The Appearance; and that the Parties were heard, ory their Non-appearance.

Now we, the Justices aforesaid, having fully heard and understood the Premises, do declare, adjudge, and

order, That the said Highway shall be divided in the following Manner: (that is to say,) That, at the Dis-

tance of measuring from the Place called C., there shall be ere£ted certain Posts or Stones,

E. and F.y on each Side of the said Highway; and the Whole of the said Highway, from the Place called

C. to such Posts or Stones, shall be from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, repaired by the Parish

of A.; and the Whole of the said Highway, from such Posts or Stones to the Place called Z>., shall from

Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be repaired by the Parish of B.

In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this Day

of

7. P. (L. S.)

K. P. (L, S.)

PLAN.

Parish of A.

Bound to repair on this Side to the dotted Line.

M,

C.

Stone*

Highway.

D.

F.

Stone.

Parish of S.

Bound to repair on this Side to the dotted Line.

34 Geo. IIL 4 B CAP.

