A.D. 1794* Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 79.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and

they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirma-

tien they are respfdtively hereby authorized to administer) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined

touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said

Commissioners, and also in all Questions or Disputes that may arise touching the Property of any Person or

Persons in any Goods or Effects whatever delivered or paid to the said Commissioners in pursuance of this

Act, or touching the Residence of any such Person or Persons claiming or interested in such Property, to re-

ceive-any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Part

of Great Britain above the Distance of twenty Miles from London, before any Mayor or Chief Magistrate

of any City, Town, or Place, or before any Justice of the Peace of any County or District where the Per-

son making such Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation shall happen to be, or to receive any Affidavits or

Depositions in Writing upon Oath, which shall be made in any Parts beyond the Seas before any Magi-

strate of the Country, T erritory, or Place, having competent Power and Authority to administer an Oath, and

residing near the Place where the Person making such Oath shall also reside, and certified and transmitted to

the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate ; provided

that in every such Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party

making such Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation, and the particular Place of his or her Abode, and the

fame shall be intitled as an Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation made in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation

before the said Commissioners respectively, or in any Affidavit, Depofidon, or Affirmation before any Ma-

gistrate or Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such

Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable

to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are

subject and liable to.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That three or more of the said Commissioners shall be capable of exe-

cuting and doing all the Acts, Matters, and Things which by this Act the said Commissioners are em-

powered and required to dov in all Cafes where a fmailer Number of Commissioners is not specially autho-

rized to do such Acts, Matters, and Things respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, T hat the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall

and may sue and befued in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit, in

Law or Equity, to be brought by or against the said Commissioners on account of this Act, in the Name of

their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or bediscontinued by. the Death or Removal of such Secretary,

or by the Act of such.Secretary* without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary.of the

said Commissioners for the Time being.shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or

Suit as the Cafe may be ; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners in the Name

of their Secretary, except in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and with Licence first had and ob-

tained from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual, or. from such Person as

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall authorize to grant the fame, and upon such Terms and

Conditions as shall be specified in such Licence; and the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, shall

not be otherwise charged, either colledtively or individually, as-jointly or severally answerable in any

Suit or Action whatsoever* touching any Matter or Thing done in Execution-of. the Trusts reposed in

.them by this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise respecting any Claim to any Property,

Effcdts, or Debts delivered or paid to the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, or any Interest there-

in, or the Money arising by the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, or to any Annuities, Fund, or Stock pur-

chafed therewith, or any Dividends or Interest arising thereby, any Person or Persons claiming such Property,

Effcdts, or Debts, or any Interest therein, or the Produce thereof, or the Annuities,T unds, or Stock,

purchased therewith, or the Dividends or Interest arising thereby, or any. Part thereof, shall and imay, with

the Consent of the said Commissioners, but not otherwise, apply in a summary Way, by Motion or other-

wife* touching the fame, to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, who shall proceed to inquire into the-

Validity of such Claim, and shall make such Order therein as to the said Court shall seem just.

XXX. 4 And whereas the Restrictions contained in the said recited Act may materially affect Commer-

4 cial and other Transaefions, with respect to which it may be expedient for his Majesty, under the Provisions

4 of the said Act for that Purpose, by his Sign Manual, Order in Council, or Proclamation, to grant Li-

4 cences, either general or special, under particular Circumstances, and upon certain Terms and Condi-

4 tiens: And whereas it may be doubful how far the Proof of the Existence of such Circumstances, or the

4- Compliance with such Terms and Conditions, may lie upon the Person or Persons acting under fuel) Li-

4 cences, or claiming the Benefit thereof:* Be it enacted, That in all Cafes in which his Majesty shall think

proper to grant any Licence or Licences, either general or special, by his Sign Manual, Order in Council,

or Proclamation, to do any Act or Acts under particular Circumstances, or upon special Terms or Condi-

tiens, expressed in such Licences respectively, the Proof of the Existence of such Circumstances, and of the

Performanae of or Compliance with such Terms and Conditions, shall, in all Proceedings whatsoever. Cri-

minal or Civil, lie on the Person or Persons acting under such Licences respeedvely, or claiming the Be-

nefit thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit, either in Law or Equity, shall be com-

menced or prosecuted conirary to the Provisions of this Act, for or on account of the Conversion of any

such Property or Effcdts delivered, or.for or on account of any Sum of Money paid to the said Commis-

ilowers,

597

Commissioners

may examine

upon Oath and

receive Affida'.

vies.

Persons giving

false Evidence

to be liable to

the Penalties of

Pei jury.

Three Comm»f-

sioners may act.

Commissioners

may sue and be

filed in the,

Name of their

Secretary, &c.

Actions to be

brought in the

Court of Exche-

quer only, and

not without Li-

cence from his

Majesty,

Persons claiming

Property may,

wish Consent of

theCommifii >n-

erf, apply to the

Court of Exche-

quer.

Where his Ma-

jesty shall grant

Licences, the

Proof of Com-

pliance with the

Terms- upon

which granted,

shall lie »n the

P.rtti» s claiming

the Benefit,

If any Action be

commenced con-

trary to Act, the

Court may (top

Proceedings,

