238 C. 46, 47. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Vice-Admiralty

Court may hold

Flea of Ma itime

Crusts (except

for Wages), and

causes of Xe-

shall and may hold Plea of Maritime causes (except only the Wages of Seamen and Fishermen, which are

to be heard and determined in Manner herein-after directed) and causes of the Revenue, as heretofore prac-

tifed and uled: Provided also, That all Disputes which shall arise concerning the Wages of any Seaman

or Fisherman, and all Offences which shall be committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or

Fisherman, against this or any other Act, relating to the Island of Newfoundlan d, or the Islands and Seas

aforesaid, or the Fiftiery thereof, shall and may be heard and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures

thereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Sessions, or before any two Justices of the

Peace.

Disputes respect-

ing Wages of

Seamen, &c.

may be heard in the Court of Sessions, or before two Justices

Suits for Debts

not exceeding

40 $. may be de-

termined in a

fommary Way,

&c.

Chief Justice to

settle Forms of

Process, and ap-

point the Fees to

be taken in the

Courts, &c«

Fees in Surro-

gate Cours to be

accounted for in

the Supreme

Court.

For the Recovery

and Application

of Penalties,

Limitation of

ACtions.

General-Issue,

Treble Costs.

No Officer of the

Custome capable

ot acting as a

Justice.

Continuance of

this ACi.

XIII. Provided also,.and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, in a summary

Way, to hear and determine all Suits for the Payment of Debts not exceeding forty Shillings, and not con-

tra&ed more than one Year before the Commencement of such Suits respectively; and it shall be lawful for

the Court of Session, or such two Justices reflectively, to award Costs therein; and such Determination

and Award {hall be final, and shall be carried into Execution by Attachment and Sale of the Goods and

Effects of the Party against whom the Determination was made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it {hall be lawful for the said Chief Justice to settle such Forms of

Process, and such Rules of Practice and Proceeding for the Conduit of all Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, and

for the Dispatch of the Business of the said Supreme Court, and Surrogate Courts, and'of the Business in the

Courts of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace respectively, and to appoint such reason-

able Fees to be taken for the Conduit and Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, Complaints, and other Business as

aforesaid, and for the granting Administration of the Effedls of Intcftates, and for the Probate of Wills, as

shall seem necessary and proper for expediting Matters with the rnoft Convenience and lead Expence to the

Parties concerned therein; and such Process, and Rules of Practice and Proceeding, shall be followed and

obeyed; and such Fees shall be paid accordingly, and no other; and that all such Fees received in any Sur-

rogate Court {hall be paid and accounted for by the Surrogate in the said Supreme Court; and that it {hall

be lawful for the said Chief Justice, and he is hereby required to settle and limit what Fees and Poundage

shall be taken by the Sheriff* of Newfoundland^ and the fame shall be taken, and none other.

XV. And be it further enailed, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act of Par-

liament made, or which shall hereafter be nfade, relating to the Island of Ntwfoimdland, or the Fishery

thereof, may be recovered in a summary Way in the said Supreme Court, or in any Surrogate Court; and

every Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds or under, may be recovered in the Court of Session,

or before any one or more Justices of the Peace; and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures impoled, paid,

or levied in any Surrogate Court, or in any Court of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the

Peace, {hall be forthwith estreated, and paid into the said Supreme Court by the Surrogate, or by the Justice

or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom they were recovered; and it shall be lawful for the said Su-

preme Court to ifllie Process for better compelling such Justices and Surrogates to bring to account all Mo-

nies which ought to be so paid and accounted for as aforesaid; and all Money arising from such P'ees, Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures {hall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the Expence of carrying this

Act into Execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against:

any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within

six Months next after the Matter or Thing done; and the Defendant in such Suit or Action may plead the

General Iiiue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and

if a Verdict {hall pais for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after

the Defendant has appeared, or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the

Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants

have in other Cafes by Law.

XV' II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer whatever, being in the Ser-

vice of his Majesty’s Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, shall be capable of acting as a Justice of the

Peace in and for the said Island.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the tenth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament,

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs,

Preamble.

7 Geo. 3, c. 44.

recited.

4 \X/HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jcftyS intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies nf Assurance; and for reducing

the Allowance to be made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing

6 Beer, Ale, and other exci/cable Liquors; and for explaining and amending fevered Acts of Parliament relating

4 to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; it is anvjngft other Things enacted, That every Coachman, licensed by

the Commissioners for regulating and liccnling Hackney Coaches, plying for Hire within the City of Lon-

elvn or JViflminster, should be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, at seasonable Times,

*4- 4 to

