C. 32. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons do and shall, willingly and of Purpose, malici-

oufly or eontemptuoufly come into any Place of Congregation, or Airembly of religious Worship, permitted

by this Act, and disquiet or disturb the fame, or mifuie any Pried, Minister, Preacher, or Teacher therein,

such Person or Persons, upon Proof thereof before any justice of the Peace, by two or more sufficient

WitncU'es, shall find two Sureties of the Peace, to be bound, by Recognizance, in the penal Sum of

fifty Pounds, and, in Default of such Sureties, thali be committed to Prilon, there to remain till the next

General or Quarter Session, and, upon Condition of the said Offence, at the said General or Quarter Session,.

shall suffer the Pain and Penalty of twenty Pound?, to the Ule of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors.’

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Benefit in this Afl contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to any Roman Catholick Ecclesustick permitted by this Act, who shall officiate in any

Place of Congregation or Ailembly for religious VVorship permitted by tnis A cl, with a Steeple and Bell, or

at any Funeral in any Church or Church-yard, or who shall exercise ary of the Rites or Ceremonies of his.

Religion, or wear the Habits uf his Order, lave within some Palace of Congregation or Assembly for religious

Wodhip permitted by this Act, or in a private House, where there shall not be more than five Persons

assembled, besides tnofe of the Household, or who shall not previously to his so officiating or exercising his

Functions as aforesaid have taken and subscribed the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration hereby

appointed to be taken as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt

any such Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, from paying Tythes or other Parochial Duties,

or any other Duties to the Church or Minister, or from any Prcfecutionin any Ecclesiastical Court, or else-

where, for the fame ; or to repeal any Part of the Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandcjline Marriagesy or

a. c. 33. any Parts of any other Statutes concerning Marriages ; or to give any Cafe, Benefit, or Advantage to any

Person who shall, by Preaching, Teaching, or Writing, deny or gainsay the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration,

and Declaration, herein-before mentioned and appointed to be taken as aforesaid, or the Declarations or Doc-

trines therein contained, or any of them ; or to repeal or effect any Law now in force concerning the Right or

Succession to, or the Limitation of, the Crown.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ecclesiastick or other Person professing

the Roman Catholick Religion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Decla-

ration, herein-before mentioned and appointed to be taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted irr

any Court whatsoever, for teaching and instruciing Youth, as a Tutor or Schoolmaster, any Law or Statute

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always. That no Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion shall obtain or hold the

Maftcrship of any College or School of Royal Foundation, or of any other endowed College or School

for the Education of Youth, or shall keep a School in either of the Univerfuies of Oxford and Cam~

bridge•

Penalty <m Per-

fons ditturbing

Congregation*,

or miluttng

Prieto.

A& not to ex*

tend to Roman

Catholick Ec-

tlefiatticks in

certain Cal s j

nor to exempt

Roman I at ho*

lick* from pay-

ing Ty;hes,&c.$

por to repeal

any Fait of 26

Geo.

*c.

Ko Roman Ca-

tholick who

/hail take the

appointed Oath

profee utable for

teaching Youth}

bpt no Roman

Catholick to

hold the Matter*

/hip of any Col-

lege or Schcol of

Royal Foundation, 8tc,

No Roman Ca-

tholick School-

matter to educate

in his School

any Child ol a Protestant Father }

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no School-matter professing

the Roman Catholick Religion shall receive into his School, for Education,. the Child of any Protestant

Father.

nor to keep a

Schcol until his

Name, Sec, shall

have be-rn re-

corded by the

Clerk of the

Peace.

No rcl!g:otis

Or»!er, Ac. to

be founded by

Roman Catho-

licks, Sec.

1 Eliz. c. i.

3 j«. 1. c.4.

1 Ouli Sc Mar.

led. i. c. 8.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person professing the Re-

man Catholick Religion shall be permitted to keep a School for the Education of Youth, until his or her

Name and Description as a Roman Catholick School-master or School-mistress shall have been recorded at

the Quarter or General Session of the Peace for the County or other Division or Place where such School shall

be situated, by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Court, who is hereby required to record such Name and De-

scription accordingly, upon Demand by such .Person, and to give a Certificate thereof to such Person as

shall at any Time demand the fame; and no Person offending in the Premises shall receive any Benefit

of this Act.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AS contained shall make it lawful to

found, endow, or establish any religious Order or Society of Persons bound by monaltick or religious Vows,

or to found, endow, or establiihany School, Academy, or College, by Persons professing the Roman Cathoiiclc

Religion, within tliele Realms, or die Dominions thereunto belonging ; and that all Ules, Trulls, and Dispo-

fitions, whether of real or personal Property, which immediately before the said twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be deemed to be luperilitious or unlawful, shall

continue to be so deemed and taken,'any thing in this Act contained notwithstanding.

4 XVIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the firtt Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

4 Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to ref ore to the Crown the ancient Jnrijdiction over the If ate, ecclesiajlical

4 and Jpintita!) and abolishing all foreign Powers repugnant to the Jame^ the Persons therein mentioned were

4 made compellable to take the Oath therein mentioned, commonly called The Oath of Supremacy : And

4 whereas7by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, In-

4 tituled, An Act for the better discovering and rcprejfing Popish Recufmits, another Oath, commonly called

4 The Oath of Allegiance or Obedience, was required to betaken by the Persons therein mentioned: And

4 whereas by an Act made in the first Session of the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queei*

4 Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other

5 4 Oaths%

