3io C. 27. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793-

Insurance® rtnde

by Persons refi-

dent in Great

Britain on Ships

belonging to

France, or cn

Arms, See. going

there,to be void,

and he Offen-

ders liable to

.Imprisonment;

but not to ex-

tend to ln(u-

raircc on G'»ods

the Growth of

Tobago, or on

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of the said

War, if any Person residing or being in Great Britain shall knowingly and wilfully insure, or cause or

procure to be insured, or aid or afiift in ’inferring, or causing or procuring to be insured,. of authorize or di-

redl any other Perron or Persons whatsoever, or wheresoever resident or seeing, to insure, or to cause or

procure to be insured, any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Commodities whatsoever, belonging to any

Subject or Subjects in France, or to any Person or Persons under the Government of the Persons exercising

the Pow*rs of Government in France, on any Voyage whatsoever; or any Arms, Ordnance, Ordnance

Stores, Powder, Bullets, Pitch, Tar, Hemp, Marts, Timber, Sail Cloth, Cordage, CoaJs, or Salt Petre.^

or any Iron, Lead, or Copper, whether such Iron, Lead, or Copper, shall be wrought or unwrought, ex-

cept Cutlery Ware not being of the Description of Arms of any Sort, and Buttons, Buckles, Needles,

Japanned Wares, Toys, and Trinkets, also excepted; or any Naval or Military Stores whatsoever; or

any Gold or Silver Bullion; or any Gold or Silver Coin, either being Coin of this Kingdom or of any

other Country; or any Hay, Straw, or Forage; or any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley Flour,

Maize, Rice ground or unground, Oats ground or unground. Meal, Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Pota-

toes, or any Provisions fresh or salted, or other Provisions or Victuals whatsoever, or any Sadlery, Boots

or Shoes, or Leather wrought or unwrought, on any Voyage, from any Part of the World to any Port or

Place in France, or any Port or Place-annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exer-

cifing or who shall exercise the Powers of Government in France, not only every such Insurance shall be

null and void to all Intents and Purposes, but also every Person so offending, being thereof convicted, shall

be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding thiee Months: Pro-

vided always, 'That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Insurance on

any Goods, or any Share or Interert in any Goods, being the natural Growth and Produce of the Bland of

Tobago^ or being on their Voyage to the said Bland, and which Goods, or Share or Interert in Goods, so

insured, shall at the Time of such Insurance be the Property of any Subject or Subjects of his Majesty.

their Voyage there* and the Property of his Majesty’s Sutjefle.

Juflires of his

Majesty’t Courts

a* Westminster,

Sec, may admit

Offenders to

li;il.

Where Offences

may be laid and

tried.

Offenders en-

titled to the Be-

nefit of 7 Wil»

III. Cap. 3. and

7 Ann. Cap.2i.

A(\ not to ex-

tend to Acts

done in his Ma-

jeflyS Service,

Commencement

of Act,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall be committed-,

for any 'Offence against this Act, to any Common Gaol or other Place, there to remain until delivered by

due Course of Law, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty VCourts at Westmi'n-

Jler, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice

Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Sect Jane?, if, upon Application made, he shall think it

reasonable, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to

answer the Matters wherewith he or she shall be charged.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence against this A cl, committed

out of this Realm, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried in any County, Shire, or Stewartry

of this Realm, and that any Offence against this Act committed within that Part of Great Brita'm called

England, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried in the County where such Offence shall have

been committed, or in the County of Afiddlcfex \ and that any Offence against this Act, committed within

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried, either be-

fore the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United King-

dom; and that all and every Person or Persons, that shall at any Time be accused or indidled, or prosecuted

for any Offence made or declared to be Treason by this Act, shall be intitled to the Benefit of the Act of

Parliament made in the seventh Year of Willi am the Third, intituled, an Act for regulating of Trials in

Cafs of Treason, and Misprision of Treason; and also of the Provisions made by another Abt of Parliament

palPed in the seventh Year of Queen Anne^ intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two King-

doms.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to any Act which shall be done in his Majesty’s Service, by any Person or Persons who

shall be employed therein, or to any Act which shall be done in aiding or aflilling any such Persons or Per-

son whilst so employed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place and have Commencement on the Wed-

nesday next after the first Day of May one thousand (even hundred and ninety-three, as to all Abls which

shall be done by any Person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any Parts out of Great

Britain, by any Person who shall have been in Great Britain at any Time after the first Day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and during the Continuance of this Act; and shall take place and

have Commencement on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all Abls

which shall be done in any Part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any Person who shall not have

been in Great Britain between the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the

first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and shall take place and have Commence-

ment on the first Day of Au^nfl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all Abls which shall be

done in any Parts of the World out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Hopey by any Person who

shall not have been in Great Britain between the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three, and the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and shall take place and

have Commencement on the first Day of November one houland seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all

Acts which shall be done in any Parts of the World beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person who

shall not have been in Great Britain between the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three, and the first Day of November one thousand seven hui.dred and ninety-three.

. -IX. Pro-

t

U. ooooie

