4b

A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 2.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Common Brewer, or otherPer-

son or Persons who brew Beer or Ale, and fell or tap out the fame, publickly or privately, {hall, by himself

or themselves, or his or their Agent or Agents, at any Time arter the End of four Months after he or

they shall have paid the Duties for any Beer or Ale by him or them brewed after the said fifth Day of January

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, produce to, and leave with the Collector of Excise of the

County, Shire, Stewartry or Place, where the Beer or Ale for which the Allowances are by this Act

directed to be made was brewed, and where ;he Duties were paid for the fame, a Certificate or Certificates

from the Officer who received the said Duties, that the Duties charged or chargeable upon the said Beer or

Ale have been actually paid, and that the fame Beer or Ale was brewed iince the said fifth Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and nincnty-one (which Certificate the said Officer is hereby required to give

gratisJ, then andjn every such Cafe, the said Collector shall, out of the Monies arising from the Duties by

this Act imposed upon Malt, forthwith pay to the Person producing the said Certificate, for every Barrel of

Beer or Ale mentioned within, the respective Allowances by this said AS in such Cafe directed to be made;

and in case the said Collator {hall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising by the Duty by this Act

imposed upon Malt, to pay the fame, then the respective Commissioners for the said Duty are hereby re-

quired to pay the said Allowances out of the said Duty upon Malt arising by this Act ; and if at any Time

it shall happen, that the said respective Commissioners shall not have in their Hands Monies arising by the said

Duty sufficient to pay the said Allowances, then, and in every such Cafe, the said respective Commissioners

{ball pay the said Allowances out of any Monies then in their Hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by

an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking

away the Court of JVards, and Liveries? and Tenures in Capite, and by Knight's Service, and Purveyance

and for settling a Revenue upon his 'Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in force relating to his

Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for

securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging

or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and puniming. Frauds

relating thereto (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act),

{hall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levy-

ing, colieding, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby

granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Autho-

rities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly

repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and

Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), {hall, from Time to

Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches

of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said

Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties,

and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, {hall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies

paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever ; and the said

Money, so paid into the said Receipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein-after

mentioned.

X. And be it further enadred by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to arifeby the said

several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt at any Time or Times

on or before the fifth Day o! April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made

Part of the Fund called The Corfolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties-, and

paid into the said Receipt after the said iifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall,

together with such other Rates a- d Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of

Parliament, for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of eight hun-

dred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to

be raised by Loans or Fxchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parliament, together

with such interest as shall by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal Sum of

eight hundred thousand Pounds, and {hall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and dif-

charging the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and interest to become due thereon as

aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Payment of the said principal Sum

of eighthundied thousand Pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, or reserving, at the said Receipt

of Exchequer, lo much Money out of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to

satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all interest as aforesaid,

and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, the said

Rates and Duties hereby imp, fed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or pay-

able ; and all the Rules and Regulations of this Act shall also from thenceforth ccafe and determine, except

as to the Recovery of any Arrears of the said Rates or Duties which may at that Time have accrued or.

growu due, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

7*

upon Certificate

as herein men-

tioned.

The’Powers of

12 Car. a. c.24.,

&c. to extend to

this Alt,

Duties to be paid

into the Ex-

chequer, and

kept separate

from other Mo-

nies,

Duties paid info

the Exchequer

on or before

April 5, 1792,

to be carried to

the Confcl-dated

Fund ; and af-

terwards the Du*

ties to be applied

in Payment of

Sor.ooool to ba

raised by Ex*

chequer Bills,

On Payment

of the said

8oo,ocol, and*

interest, the

Duties hereby

granted to cease*.

CAP.

