174

p?n;\lt>e< on

c ret lins of

Wuiited Yarn.

Pf( fecuTors not

liable toChargefl

of convening

Oftcndei« to

Prison.

No Part of Pe-

jialti's to be

given to Of*

tenders.

Penalty on

Agents refufins

to diicover Per-

fons guilty of

talJe reeling.

Putters* out of

Wool to be an*

fwerable for the

Wool ^ifeo

them to be put

lit.

C. 56. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179^

fame in his or her Custody more than four Months before the fame Chill be wrought and delivered back to

the Woolcomber or Maker of Worsted Yarn to whom the fame shall belong,'or his or her Agent, unless

prevented working and delivering back such Wool by feme inevitable Cauib, shall be deemed guilty of

embezzling the lame.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hired or employed in the combing of Wool, or in

the spinning, reeling, or winding of Worded Yarn, in the County of Norfl'v, and City of Norwich and

County ol the lame City, shall reel, or cause to be reeled, or spin, or c a life to be loan, any Worsted

Yarn, contrary to the Directions before specified and k id down for the spinning or retiing such Yarn,

(whether such Yarn shall leman in his or her IY-lielhin or Custody, or shall have been delivered by him other

to the Putter-out, or other Per Ion from whom ho 01 ffnc !h: il have received the Wool from which such Yarn

shall have been spun,) or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of any Wool, or

other Materials entrusted with him or her to spin, or for any other Purpose, every such Person shall, for

every such Offence, be subject and liable to the fan e Penalties and Pumlhments as are severally inflicted

by the said former Acts, lb far as the said former Acts, or any of them, are unrepealed, and which laid

Penalties (after deducting thereout all the Kxpcr.cc? attending the Conviction of the'Offender or Offender?,

and the Recovery of such Penalties) shall be pubiiekly diilnhuted by the Over fee r of the Poor of the Town-

ship, Parish, or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, under the Direction of the Justice

or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenccis shall have been convicted, among the Poor of such

Township, Parish, or Place.

XVI. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the fuhjccting any Prosecutor

of any Offender against this and the said former Acts to any Charges or Expences of conveying such Of-

fender to Prison, but such Charges and Expences shall be paid and borne by the Conibble or other Officer

conveying such Offender to Prison; and such Constable or other Officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such

Charges and Expences in like Manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other Charges or Expences in-

curred in his said Office.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That no Part or Share of such Penalties or Foifcitures be given to such

Offender or Offenders, his, her, or their Family or Families.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent or Person hired or employed to put out Wool

to be spun into Worsted Yarn, within the County of Nofcik, and City of Norwich and County of the

fame City, shall have in his or her Custody or PoiEffion any Wcifted Yarn not reeled according to the

Directions herein-before specified and laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse or wilfully negle<£t

to set forth and give in Evidence before any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, City,

Tow'n or Place wherein such Agent or Person shall reiide (being thereto required by any Woolcomber or

Maker of Worsted Yarn, or Inspection) what Person or Persons was or were the Reelcr or Reelers of such

Yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the lame, so that the Person or Persons who reeled, or

caused to be reeled, such Yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so refusing, or not setting forth

or giving in Evidence as afore said, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound of such

Yarn, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Pound, which shall be found in his or her

Custody; which Penalty shall go, be paid, and applied by every such Person, and in such Manner and Form,

to the Poor of the Township or Place, as any Penalties herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and

applied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be employed to put out Wool to be (pun

into Worsted Yarn by any Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, within

the County of Norfolk, and City of Nonvich and County of the fame City, shall be answerable to such

Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, for all the Wool he or she shall

have received from such Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn; and it

shall be dawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place, where any Person who

shall be employed to put out Wool to be spun into Yarn as aforesaid shall reside, upon the Complaint of any

Woolcomber or Woolcombers, or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, within the County of Norfolk

and City of Nonvich and County of the fame City, or of his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to issue a

Summons, requiring such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear before such Justice

at some Time and Place to be specified in such Summons; and if the Woolcomber or Woolcombers or

Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, on whose Behalf such Summons shall be issued, shall prove by*the

Oath of any credible Witness, or by the Affirmation of any credible Witness, being of the People called

Quakers, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that the Person against whom such Summons shall have been

iiiued, or if such Person shall confess that he or she hath received from such Woolcomber or Woolcombers

or Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, any Wool to be put out to be spun into Worsted Yam, for which

he or she is answerable, and shall not have delivered the fame to such Woolcomber or Woolcombers or

Maker or Makers of Worsted Yarn, having received forty Days Notice so to do,‘ or paid to him or them

the Value of such Wool, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and lie is hereby required to issue his

Warrant for the raising and levying, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person against

whom such Summons shall have been iiiued, not only the Value (to be ascertained by such Justice) of the

Wool for which he or she shall be answerable as aforesaid, but also all the Charges and Expences of raising

and levying the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, the Va-

lue of which said Wool, or so much thereof as shall be raised and levied, shall be paid to the Person or

Persons to whom such Wool shall belong.

XX. Provided

