A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. C. 33. 23

geon or Surgeon’s Mate in his Majesty’s Fleet or Armies, of which Certificate or Warrant the said Col-

lector or other principal Officer shall give to the said Surgeon an attested Copy, gratis.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear, to the Satis- If the Officer

faCtion of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be discharged, at/hc Post of

that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion ot two Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of Dif‘h.a'ge

the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Dif- fhere hfve that

charge in any of the Islands of the West Indies, belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his died on^he™*

Heirs or Successors, in such Cafe the Collector or other principal Officer shall, and he is hereby authorised Voyage more

and required to make out Certificates, specifying the Number of Slaves that appear to have been taken on lhan 2 Slave< "1

board the said Ship or Vessel, and the Number that have died within the Period abovementioned, one of ^e ^ h-l is,r°

which Certificates shall be delivered to the Matter, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, and foThe Matter*1'6*

on Production of such Certificates, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland and Surgeon*

respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to direct the Sum of one hundred Pounds to a"d on Produc-

be paid to the Matter, and the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon, of such Ship or Vessel, out of lien ,hereo.f

any Money that shall be in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs of England and Scotland fi0nfrsTfThe

respectively ; or if it shall be made appear to the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, that there Customs, th^y

shall not have died more than in the Proportion of three Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of the Ar- are toorder the

rival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in Maner 100!.

any of the said West India Blands, in such Cafe the Collector or Principal Officer as aforesaid shall, and he anJthc Sur*

is hereby required and authorised to make out like Certificates, and to deliver one to the Matter and the ee™ 5°]’

other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland Like Certificate*

respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on Production of such Certificates, to dircCt where^he^M

the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Matter, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be paid to the ?Tm

Surgeon of such Ship or Vefiel. bten more than

three in the ioo, which is to entitle the Matter to 501. and the Surgeon to 25I.

4 XI. And whereas it is just and warrantable that Compensation should be made to Individuals who may

4 have sustained Lodes in consequence of the Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his pre-

4 sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British

4 Vejfelsfrom the Coajl 0/* Africa;’ be it further enaCted, That Brook IVatJon Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft

Esquire, and William Roe Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose

of enquiring into any LofTes which may have been sustained, in consequence of the aforesaid Act, by any

Merchants or Owners of any Ships or Vessels engaged in the African Trade, who shall have made Appli-

cation to thp said Commissioners before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

eight; and that all Persons, having made such Applications, shall, on or before the first Da^ of August one

thousand seven hundred and ninety, lay before the said Commissioners full Statements of the (Grounds of their

respective Claims, specifying the Particulars of all the Expences, net Proceeds, Profits, or Loi'ies, attending

the Voyage or Adventure in respect of which such Application shall have been made, together with all such

Circumstances as shall appear to the said Commissioners necessary for their Information, in order to af-

certain the Losses of the Persons so applying; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall have

Power to examine upon Oath, touching the Matters of the said Claims, all Persons whom the said Com-

missioners shall think fit; and all Perions are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said

Commissioners, at such Time and Place as they {hall appoint; and the said Commissioners, as soon as they

shall have compleated the Examination of the several Claims laid before them, shall determine the Amount

of the LofTes which bona fide have been sustained by any of the said Claimants in consequence of the afore-

said Act, and which the said Claimants shall not have been able to avoid, and shall report, as soon as con-

veniently may be, to both Houses of Parliament, what Compensation shall appear to the said Commissioners

to be reasonable to be made to such Claimants ; and the said Commissioners, before they proceed to take

any Step in pursuance of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being,

or one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or one of the Barons of

the Exchequer (which they or either of them are hereby authoiifed and required to administer) in the Form

following ; (that is to say).

Commissioners

to esquire into

Loftet sustained

in consequence

of 28 Geo. 3.

c. 54. by PCr-

f ns who have

applied prior to

$ept. I, 1788.

Such Persons by

Aug. 1, 1:90,

to Uy belore the

Commissioner#

the Groun Js of

the;r Claims,&c*

Commissioners

to determine the

Amount of Iof-

fes, and repoit

to Parliament

the Compenfa-

tien to be made*

Commissioner*

to take the fol-

lowing

1A. B. do swear, That, according to the best ?ny Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute Oath.

the several Powers and Trufis vejled in ?ne by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act to amend and con-

tinue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in

British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

XII. And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea- Treasury to or-

surer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, is and are hereby authorised and requireu to issue der 2,000!. .o be

and cause to be paid all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such rerfon or Per- ifPucd for <he

suns as the said Commissioners shal!, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the £iYrks

public Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer ; which Sum so iilucd and paid shall be employed for crxiS>tCC*

the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or

about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such iManner and in such Proportions as shall be

appointed by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, the fame to

be accounted for, by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be issued and paid, according to the

Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the

4 issuing

