562

in any Vessel to

be valid, unless

made agreeably

thereto.

On Alteration of

Property in Vef-

fcls in the Port to

which they be-

long, after Jan.

I,179^,the In-

dorsement to be

made in a c*r-

tain Form,.&c.

Form of Indorse-

ment.

If Vessels be nb-

sent fr< in the

Port to which

they belong,

when Alteration

in the Property

shall be made,

the Sale shall

fti 11 be made as

before directt d,

&c.

Regulations for

Transfer of

Pr perty whrre

Owiiers refidein

any Country not

under the Do

minion of his

Majesty* -

Geo. Ill,

Cap 34.

Mode of Pro-

ceedings when

C. 68. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III, A.D. *794^

Day o$ January one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, shall be valid or effectual- for any Purpose

whatsoever, either in Law or in Equity, unless such Transfer, or Contract or Agreement for 7'ransfer, or

Property in such Ship or Vessel, shall he made by Bill of Sale, or Instrurnent in Writing, containing such*

Recital as prescribed by the said recited Act.

XV. 4 And whereas, by the Laws now in force, upon any Alteration of Property in any Ship or, Veflek

4 in the fame Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, an Indorsement upon the Certificate of Registry

4 is required to be made;' be it enacted, That such Indorsement shall, from and after the first Dayo£

'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be made in the Manner and Form hereinafter ex~

prefl’, and shall be signed by the Person or Persons tran.1 furring the Property of the said Ship or Vessel, by/

Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale thereof, or by some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by,

him, her, or them, and a Copy of such Indorsement shall be delivered to the Person or Persons authorized to

make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry, otherwise such Sale, or Contraft or Agreement for the:

Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Person or Per-r

Tons so authorized to make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry, are hereby required to cause an.

Entry thereof to be indorsed on the Oath or Aifidavit upon which the Original Certificate of Registry of

such Ship or Veil'd was obtained, and shall also make a Memorandum of the fame in the Book of Registry,.

and shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Custoais in England ani

Scotland, under whom they respectively aft:

Form of Indorsement on Change of Property.

44 jgE it remembered. That [I or we] [Names, Residence, and Occupation of the Persons feflingYhzvt this

44 Day fold and transferred all [my or our] Right, Share, or Interest in and to the Ship or Vessel [Namt

44 of the Ship or Vessel] mentioned in the within Certificate of Registry, unto [Names, Residence, and Oc

44 cupation of the Purchqfers]. Witness [my or our Hand or Hands J this [Date in.lVords at full Length

44 Signed in the Presence of

“ [Two Witnesses] ”

XVI. Provided always. That if any Ship or Vessel shall be at Sea, or absent from the Port to which*

(he belongs, at the Time when such Alteration in the Property thereof shall be made as aforesaid, so that an

Indorsement or Certificate cannot be immediately made, the Sale, or Contraft or Agreement for the Sale:

thereof, shall notwithstanding be made by a Bill of Sale or other Instrument in Writing as before directed,*

and a Copy of such Bill of Sale, or other Instrument in Writing, shall be delivered, and an Entry thereof,

shall be indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, and a Memorandum thereof shall be made in the Book of Re-

gifters, and Notice of the fame shall be given to the Commissioners of the Customs, in the Manner herein-

before directed ; and, within ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall return to the Port to which (he belongs,

an Indorsement shall be made and ligned by the Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for

that Purpose by him, her, or them, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered in Manner hereinbefore mentioned,

otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contraft or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all.

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and Entry thereof shall be. indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made, in.

the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes where the Owner or Owners of any Ship or

Vessel shall reside in any Country not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and S ucceflors, as

Member or Members of some British Factory, or Agent or Agents for, or Partner or Partners in, any

House or Co-partnership actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland at the Time when he,

she, or they shall transfer such Property in any Ship or Veil'd, so that an Indorsement cannot be made imme-

diately, nor a Copy of such Bill of Sale, or other Instrument in Writing, be delivered, nor an Entry thereof

indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, nor a Memorandum thereof made in the Book of Registers, nor Notice-

of the fame given to the Commissioners of the Customs, in the Manner before mentioned, the fame mfty be

done at any Time within six Months after such Transfer shall have been made, and that within ten Days ,

after such Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them,

shall arrive in this Kingdom, if such Ship or Vessel shall then be in any Port of this Kingdom, and if not,

then within ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall so arrive, an Indorsement shall be made by the Owner

or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them, and a Copy thereof

shall be delivered in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contraft or Agreement

for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and Entry thereof

shall be indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made, in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XVIII. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,*

4 intituled, An Act more cjfeilualh to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws

4 relating to the Revenue of Customs, certain Provisions were, amongst other Things, made to prevent the

4 Matters of Ships or Vessels from wilfully and maliciously detaining and refilling to’deliver up the Certifi-

4 cates of Ships Registry, to the Prejudice of the Owners of such Ships or Vessels: And whereas the good

4 Purposes intended by those Provisions have not been effected; and it is therefore expedient to make fur-

4 ther Provisions for preventing the iMasters of Ships or Vessels from withholding Certificates of Registry,*

4 to the Prejudice of the Owners of such Ships or Vessels:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

said, 'That in case the Matter of any Ship or Vessel, who shall have received the Certificate of the Registry

theicof, (whether such Master shall be a Part Owner or not,) shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver up

the

Ooooole

