A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii I C. 55.

Company, and for the good Government of all the Officers, Servants, and otMrs, concerned in the fame,

and to inflict reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach or Breaches thereof, so that the fame be

not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm; and that all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be

levied, recovered, and received to the only Use and Behoof of the said Company, without any Account,

Matter, or Thing, to be therefore rendered to any Person or Persons whomrsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the first General Court for the said Company shall be

held within the Space of thirty Days next after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-one,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes when there shall be an Ecjuality, or an equal

Number of Votes in any General Court, or in any Court of Directors to be holden as aforesaid, the

Chairman for the Time being shall have die calling Vote. .

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a Court of Directors of thejfaid Company shall be sum-

moned and held once at lead in every Calendar Month, during the Continuance of the said Company ;

and that in case the Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall refute or neglect to summon and hold a Court of

Directors, once at lead in every Calendar Month, and in every Calc, where under the Provisions of this

Ail it shall be necessary that a Court of Directors should be held, and through Negleil or Refusal of the

Chairman or Deputy, or Deaths of them, or either of them, the fame cannot be otherwise held, then and

in every such Cafe, and so often, five or more of the Directors of the said Company for the Time being

may, upon reasonable Notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, summon the Directors of the said

Company to assemble and meet together at the then usual Place of Meeting of the Court of Directors, and

the said Directors, so assembled upon such Summons, or the major Part of them, shall be and be deemed

to be a Court of Directors of the said Company, and shall and may transadl and do all Matters and Things

belonging to a Court of Directors of the said Company to transadl and do.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Court of Directors shall be duly summoned to

-assemble and meet together, if the Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall, by reason of Sickness, Absence

from London, or other Occasions, not come or be present at such Meeting, and shall not fend Notice of

his or their Inability to attend, within two Hours after the Time appointed for such Meeting, then and in

such Cafe the Directors, or the major Part of them, being so met, (nail and may in such Cafe make, hold,

and be a Court of Directors, and do and transadl all Matters and Things belonging to a Court of Di-

redtors of the said Company to do and transadl; or if the Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall fend

Notice of their Inability to attend, then, without waiting two Hours after the Time appointed as aforesaid,

the Directors, or the major Part of them, so met, shall and may make, hold, and be a Court of Di-

redtors, and in like Manner proceed to Business.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall cause an Accomptant to keep a

Book or Bocks in the public Office or Place of Meeting of the said Company, to be provided for that

Purpose, and therein fairly to enter or cause to be entered, from Time to Time, the Account«of the Capital

Joint Stock of the said Company as aforesaid, the fame to be by him attested upon Oath (if required),

which said Book or Books shall from Time to Time lie open to be viewed, and shall be called The Ledger

of the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company; and there shall also be from Time to Time pro-

vided ana kept, as herein-after is mentioned, one or more other Book or Books, which shall be called The

Transfer Book or Books of the Sierra Leone Company.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Shares of all and every Person and Persons whomsoever,

of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, or any of them (so that the fame be not thereby

fplitand divided into Fradtions) shall and may be assignable and transferable, assigned and transferred, to

such Person or Persons only as shall freely and voluntarily accept the fame, and not otherwise, by an Entry

to be made in the said Transfer Book or Books, signed by the Party or Parties so assigning or transferring, in

the Words or to the Effect following, (videlicet

€C T A. B. do transfer and assign unto C. D. his Executors,^ Administrators, and Assigns, my

4C X Share or Shares [as the Cafe ?nay lej in the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company, and

<c all Benefit arising therefrom. Witness my Hand, this Day of in the

u Year of our Lord ”

Or In case the Person or Persons assigning or transferring be not present, that then and in such Cafe the Af-

signment or Transfer shall be made by an Entry in the said Book or Books last mentioned, signed by some

Person thereunto lawfully authorised by Letter of Attorney, or Deed duly executed in the Presence of and

attested by two or more Witnesses, in the Words or to the Effect following, (videlicet -J

c< T A. B. by virtue of a Letter of Attorney from C. D. dated the Day of

“ X in the Year of our Lord do, in the Name and on the Behalf of

<c the said C. D. transfer and assign unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the

€i Share or Shares of the said C. D. in the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company, and all Be-

c< nefit arising therefrom. Witness my Hand, the Day of in the Year of

« our Lord

And that all Alignments and Transfers made in Manner above prescribed, and no other, shall be good and

available in the Law, and shall transfer and convey the whole Estate and Interest of the Party or Parties so

31 Geo. III. Z assigning

169

First General

Court.

Chairman to

have the caftii

Vote.

For holding

Courts of

DirectoiE.

For hol^in?

Courts of Direc-

tors, notwith-

standing the Ab-

sence of the

Chairman or

Deputy Chair-

man.

For keeping the

Books of the

Company,

For assigning

Shares.

c.oooole

