42

Powers of for-

mer Acts reUr-

ing to the retail-

ing of Wine, &c.

(unless hereby

altered) to ex-

tend to this A&.

Powers of i%

Car. II. Cap.

*4, or of any

other Act relat-

ing to the Ek-

cife, to extend to

this Act.

Preamble.

*4 Geo. III.

Cap 46. and

*5 Geo. HI.

Cap. 73. recited.

C. 39. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Re-

gulations, Restrictions, Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in or by any Act or Acts,

of Parliament relating to the retailing of Foreign Wine, or British- made Wines or Sweets, or distilled Spiri-

tuous Liquors or Strong Waters, or to Licences to retail the fame respectively, in force immediately before

the passing of this Act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for railing, levying, collecting, pay-

ing, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Rates or Duties by Lawim-

posed for or in respectoffuch Licences, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto,

or for the regulating the retailing of the said Liquors respectively, and not being expressly altered, repealed,

changed, or commuted by this Act, or not being repugnant to any of the Matters, Clauses, Provisions, or

Regulations in this Act contained, shall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, applied,

and put in Execution throughout Great Britain, in and for the managing, assessing, raising, levying, colleft—

ing, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several Duties

by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, and for regulating:

the retailing of the said Liquors respectively, so far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and rurposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regula-

tiens, Restrictions, Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inferred and

re-enacted in this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions*.

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for taking away the Court oflVards and’

Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knight's Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his

Majesty in lieu thereof), or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Eycife* arc

provided and eftaKMned, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or

ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties

or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for

the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties by this Act im-

posed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to alt

Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses*.

Matters, and! hings, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act*

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act: for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malrr

Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect of the Duties imposed by an Act made in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

4 X T WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti—

4 VV tuled. An Act to discontinucyfor a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low IFines and

4 Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof

4 and for the better Regulation of the making ana vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for

• Exportation ; and for clejlroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after thf Condemnation thereof; and for

4 vesting in his Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentolh, in the County ^/“Invernefs; and for

4 discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits importedfrom the Weft

4 Indies ; it was enacted. That, for and during the Space of two Years, to be computed from the first Day

4 of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the Rates and Duties granted and imposed up-

4 on Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, in and by any Act or Acts theretofore made and then

4 in force, should be diffontinued, and that in Lieu and Stead thereof, the several Rates and Duties in the

4 said Act mentioned should, for and during the said Term of two Years, be substituted, charged, and paid,.

4 which Duties in the said Act mentioned are lower in Value than the Duties by the said Act discontinued

4 And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

4 Art to declare, that Brewers selling Beer or Ale in Ifs Quantities than a Cask, containing four Gallons and a

4 half, shall not be intit led to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise for Jvqfle or Leakage ; and for making

4 Allowances to Dislillers of Low IVincs and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respert to the Duties imposed

4 by an Art of the last Session of Parliament, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the Commissioners of

* Excise in England, or the major Part of them, in Cafes where the said Duties were charged within the Li-

4 mits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to pay, out of the Money in their Hands arising by the Du-

4 ties by the said Act granted, unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

4 twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt,.

4 Corn, or Grain, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity ; and also for the Commissioners of

4 Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, in Cafes where the said Duties were charged within the Li-

4 mits of the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, to pay, out of the Money in their Hands arising by the

4 laid Duties, unto such Distiller pr Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding a rateable Propor-

4 tien of twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spii its made from-

4 Malt, Corn, or Grain, according to the Duties charged thereon in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

4 land; and also, that it should and might be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County,

4 Riding, Division, or Place, in England and Scotland respectively, within which such Duties were charged,

4 in Cafes where the said Duties were charged out of the said respective Limits, to order the Collector of the

4 said

<^»

