S5«

A ft not to

abridge the late

Duke of Rich-

m nd’s Right of

holding a Court

in Gravesend,

&c called Curia

cursus aquae.

Nor to lessen,

&c. the Liber-

ties, See. of the

Inhabiting of

Gnvefend, re-

iating to the

ferry from

Gravesend to

London, &c,

Not to abridge

the Fowen of

the Matter, Sec,

of the Trinity

Housein li-

cmfing Mari-

nes.

Not to aflfeft the

present Laws,

unless hereby

expressly altered

or repealed.

Persons convict-

under this Act

not to be other-

vise punished.

Offenders not to

be twice punish-

for the Same

Offence.

Public Act.

12 Car. II.

Cap. i8«

C. 65 —68. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1794,

XIX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall

not extend, or be construed to extend, to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or

otherwise howsoever impeaching of any Right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the late Charles Duke of

Richmond and Lennox, Lord of the Manor of Gravesend, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

for the holding a certain Court within the said Manor called (Curia cursus aqua), or The Court of the Water

Course, for the better Government of Barges, Boats, and Vessels using the Ferry or Passage from the Town

of Gravesend to London, and of the Persons owning or working the fame, or of any other Rights, Liberties,

Powers, and Privileges whatsoever, belonging to the said late Duke, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, relating to the said Ferry or Passage, or to the Barges, Tilt-Boats, or other Boats and Vessels

using the said Ferry or Passage, or plying at the Bridge of the said Town of Gravesend, or the Persons

owning or working the fame, or otherwise howsoever.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not

extend, or be construed to extend, to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or im-

peaching of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises, Customs, Privileges, or Usages now or heretofore lawfully used,

held, or enjoyed by the Mayor, Jurats, and capital Inhabitants of the Villages and Parishes of Gravesend

and Miltons in the County of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating to the Passage and Ferry upon the

said River of Thames, from the said Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton to the said City of

London, or touching or concerning the Government or Gubernation of the said Passage or Ferry ; but that

the said Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, and their Successors, shall and may do and execute all and every

such lawful A61 and Acts, Powers, and Authorities, touching the said Passage and Ferry, and the Govern-

ment thereof, as they might or could have done if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to abridge or alter any of the Powers or Authorities vested fti the Master, Wardens,

and Assistants of the Trinity-Hon/e, Deptford Sirond, in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in

the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning Sea Marks and Mariners;

nor shall any Mariner or Mariners, licensed or to be licensed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants

to row or ule any Boat or Wherry on the said River Thames, or any of the Men employed by the said 1

Master, Wardens, or Assistants in rowing or using any Ballast Lighters or Boats on the said River, be sub-

jed, by reason of any Matter, Clause, or Thing herein contained, to the Rules, Orders, or Government

of the said Mayar and Aldermen. '

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That all Clauses, Provisoes, and Exceptions contained

in the several Laws now in being, for regulating Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, or any of

them, and not hereby expressly repealed or altered, shall be of such and the fame Force and Effect as they

were before the making of this Act.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person convicted of any Offence against this

Ad, and who shall suffer for the fame accordingly, shall not be otherwise punished, or fufter for such Of-

fence, by virtue of the said before-mentioned Laws, or any other Statute of this Realm, or of such present

or future Rules, Orders, and Constitutions as aforesaid, or any of them; and that no Offender against the

said Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, or any of them, shall be twice punished for one

and the fame Offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

be a Public Act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons,

without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid

into his Majesty’s Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the latey^

Gardner Kcmeys Esquire, in Truss for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the

said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to refoit to the Mortgaged Premiles, in order to recover

the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.—[23d May 1794.]

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson Esquire, in Trust for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas

Grace, a Mefl’uage and other Hereditaments, in Saint Jatnes's Square, purchased by the said Jojebh

Freeman of Matthias De Gandafequi, an Alien; and for discharging the fame from the Right of the

Crown, in respect of the Alienage.—[23d May 1794.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of British, Mariners; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.—[nth June 1794*]

4 AX7HEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth .Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the

4 * * Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and byi

4 several subsequent Acts, British Ships importing Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of

