A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 65. 557

Offences against: this Act, according to the Discretion of such Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices re-

spectively, so as such Reward exceed not one Moiety or Half Pai t of the respective Penalties or Forfeitures.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Personi aggnev-

shall think himself, herftdf, or themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of the said Mayor, Recorder, may appeal r©

Aldermen, or Justices of the Peace, or Overseers or Rulers respectively, on account of any Offence com- ^ar'tr be ‘

mitted, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, or against any of such Rules, Orders, and Constitu- ans'

tiens as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sef-

lions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, or Place where any such Conviction shall be made, the

Person or Persons at the Time of Conviction entering into a Recognizance, with one Surety, in the Sum of

twenty Pounds, to prosecute such Appeal with Eft eft, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be

made on such Appeal; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Sections are hereby authorized to hear

and determine every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall

appear to be just and reasonable, ar^J to cause to be levied, under the Order of any such Sections, the Costs

which shall be awarded, together with such Sum of Money as any such Court of Sections, on the Hearing

imy such Appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person

who shall refuse to pay such Costs and Sums of Money forfeited, or of the Person or Persons who shall have

been Surety or Sureties for him as aforesaid.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Order or Proceedings to be made or had by or before the Proreedinesnit

said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Justices, or Overseers or Rulers respectively, by virtue of this Act, shall be

quashed or vacated for Want of Form; and that the Order of the Justices at their General or Quarter Sections, an 0 ornr,

within their several Jurisdictions, shall be tinal; and that no Proceedings of the said Mayor, Recorder, Alder- nor removable

men. or Justices respectively out of Sections, or in their General Quarter Sections, in pursuance of this by crlloran*

Act, shall be removable by Certiorari or other wise.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be punished for any Offence L:m:fation of

against: this Act, unless such Person shall be prosecuted for the fame within fix Days after the Offence A-lions.

committed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- Aflionsfor

menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any 'Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall be

brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after every such Cause of Action shall have ac- ^"0

crued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County, City, or Place in which the brought within

Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not efiewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or three Month?,

Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at anyTrial or Trials and lhe 1,erfons

which shall be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if ^dG^|ead

the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the j^uc " J

Time last before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County, City, or Place, than where the

Cause of Action shall have arisen, then, and in any of such Cafes, the Jury or Juries shall find for the De^

fendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his Action

or Actions, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in any of

the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs and shall have such Remedy for DoubleCofi*.

recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his or their Costs in any other

Cafes by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty- c'ause in A&

fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering the *4 Ge:>. I*.

Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace respectively, acting under the Authority or in Execution of this Act;

and no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, or Writ issued out, or Copy of Writ served, Notice to be

upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, until'Notice in

Writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at hisor their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney

for the Party commencing such Action, or suing out or fervingthe Copy of the said Writ; which said No- Suitagaim't

tice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, to- him,

gether with the Cause of Action or Complaint, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney shall

be underwrote or indorsed thereon; and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty and may, by vir- Tender of

tue of this Act, at any Time within fourteen Days after such Notice, tender or cause to be tendered any Amends ay be

Sum or Sums of Money as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the said made by hlal,

Attorney; and if the fame is not accepted, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions may

plead such Tender in bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Ifluc,.cr any other Plea,

with Leave of the Court; and if, upon I flue joined upon such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends ten-

dered to have been sufficient, the said Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such and pleaded in

Cafe, or if the Plaintiff’shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for bar ihc

the Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his and A^loa*

their Costs; and if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not if none, or in-,

sufficient, and also shall find against the Defendant or Defendants on such other Plea or Pleas by them futficienc Ten-

pleaded, the said Jury shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, for der has be?n.

which, the Plaintiff shall have Judgment, together with his, her, or. their full Costs.. made’ I>.JalQJn?> 1

XIX. Provided ri‘Ve,dia'

to recover.

