A.D. 1793* ving Annoying tricesimo testio Georgii IIL C. 52.

Principal Secretaries of State, or as makes it unlawful for any Governor General, or any of the Council of

the Presideney of Fort William in Bengal, or any Chief Justice, or any of the Judges of the Supreme Court

of Judicature, at Fort William aforesaid, to be concerned in any Dealings or Transactions by Why of

Traffick or Commerce, and as makes it unlawful for any Collector, Supervisor, or any other of his

Majesty’s Subjects employed or concerned in the Collection of the Revenues or the Administration of Juf-

tice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, or their Agents or Servants, or any Persons in Trust

for them, to buy any Goods or Commodities by Way of Trade in those Provinces, and to fell again with-

in the fame Provinces, and as makes it unlawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects in the said Provinces'

to be concerned in the Inland Trade in Salt, Beetle Nut, Tobacco, or Rice, except as therein mentioned,

and as makes it unlawful for Persons dismissed from or resigning the Service of the said Company, or for any

Free Merchant, Free Mariner, or other Person, whose Covenants or Agreements with the said Company

shall be expired, to be concerned in any Trade or Commerce in the East Indies, other than for the Disposal

of his or their Stock in Hand, without the Licence of the said Company, or such Governor General and

Council, or President and Council, as therein are mentioned; and so much of the aforesaid AC! made in

the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty as prohibits any of the Servants of the said Company, or other

British) Subjects in India, from lending Money to any foreign Company or foreign European Merchants, or

to .purchase Goods in India for and on Account of any such Companies or Merchants, or from being con-

cerned in lending Money or purchasing Goods to furnish any such Companies or Merchants, with the Cre-

dit of such Bills of Exchange as are described in the said Act, or as makes Provision, by Penalty or For-

feiture, or otherwise, for securing the foie and exclusive Trade of the said United Company, in, to, and

from the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, subject as therein is mentioned, or as prohibits the Court of Di-

rectors of the said Company from putting a Stop to any Suit or Suits, or to remit or mitigate the

Penalty, Damages, or Satisfaction, fought to be recovered thereby before a Anal Judgement or De-

cree obtained in such Suit or Suits ; and also an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s

Reign, (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Compa-

ny, and the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and

effectiial Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies,) save and except so much and such

Parts of the last-mentioned Act as relate to the Debts of the Nabob of Arcot or the Rajah of Tanjore, or as

provides for the Redress of Injuries and Wrongs to any Rajahs, Zemindars, Polygars, Talookdars, and

other Native Landholders within the British Territories in India, and except so much and such Parts of the

fame Act as are now in force for providing for, or which relate to or concern the new Court of Judicature

by the said Act established for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons so accused of Offences com-

mitted in the East Indies, or any Proceedings had or to be had by or under the Authority of the said Court*

and not by this Act varied or altered, and also except such Parts of the said Act as provides for the Repeal

of any former Act or Acts; and also an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, (inti-

tuled, An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, respect'ing the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-

pany,) except so much thereof 2s repeals any former Act or Acts ; and also so much of an Act made in the

fame twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused

of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other the Purposes in the Title of the said Act

mentioned, as makes Offences against any Law for securing such exclusive Trade as aforesaid to the said

United Company, and all Forfeitures and Penalties for illicitly trading or for being in the East Indies,

prosecutable, or makes any Seizure of any Ship or Goods within the Limits of the said exclusive Trade

cognizable in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or in the respective Mayor’s

Courts of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or as relates to Persons whose Licences to go to or trade or re-

fide within the Limits of the said exclusive Trade shall have ceased and determined, or who shall have been

dismissed from or have resigned the said Company’s Service, or as relates to or as makes the Powers of ar-

resting, seizing, remitting, or fending to England, any Person or Persons in the East Indies, or Limits

aforesaid, or for seizing any Ships or Goods liable to Seizure by the said Company, enforceable and execute-

able by the Governor General and Council of Fort William in Bengal, or the Presidcnts and Councils of

Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, or the other Person and Persons therein mentioned, shall be and

are and is hereby repealed and made void.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared. That the aforesaid Repeal shall not extend to

any Offence committed against any of the Statutes hereby wholly or in Part repeated, or Matter or Thing

lawfully done in Great Britain respectively, by virtue of any of the fame Statutes, before the passing of this

Act, nor to any Offence committed or to be committed in the East Indies against any of such Statutes, or

Matter or Thing lawfully done or to be done there, by virtue of any of the fame Statutes respectively, be-

fore the Commencement of this Act in India ; but that all and every such Offences shall and may be prose-

cuted, and all and every such Matter and Thing shall be held to be of the fame Force, Validity, and Effect

respectively, as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstand-

ing.

CXLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the said Repeal shall not extend to

take away, discontinue, abridge, or affect any of the Powers or Authorities vested by any Act or Acts in

the present BoarJ of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, until his Majesty shall have granted a new Com-

iniflTion, or Letters Patent, for constituting a new Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, under

the Authority of this Act; but that the said Powers and Authorities shall and maybe exercised by the said

present Board of Commissioners, until such new Commission or Letters Patent shall be iflUed, in as large and

33 Geo, III. 3 D ample

383

viftes for the

Delivery of’ A de-

vices, to the Se-

cretaries olSuie,

& -i

much of

21 Geo. III.

Cap. 65. as pro-

hibits the lend-

ing Money to

foreign Compa-

r.iet, &c.;

24 Geo. HI.

Seff 2. Cap. 25,

except such

Parts as relate to

the Debts of the

Nabob of

Arcot, &c. j

26 Geo. III.

Cap. 16. except

so much as re-

peals former

Atts;

and so much of

26 Geo. III.

Cap 57.as

makes Offence*

against the Law

for fecuting the*

exclusive Trade

of the Company,

See. enforceable

in the East In-

diet, repealed.

Repeal not to

extend to Offen-

ces committed

before passing

this Act, See.;

nor to affe&the

Powers given to

the present

Board, till a new

Board be ap-

pointed#

