A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

declare War or to commence Hostilities, or to enter into any Treaty for making War against: any other

Prince or State, than such as shall be actually committing Hostilities, or making Preparations as aforesaid, or

to make such Treaty for guaranteeing the Possessions of any Prince or State, but upon the Consideration of

such Prince or State actually engaging to assist the Company against: such Hostilities commenced, or Pre-

parations made as aforesaid; and in all Cafes where Hoflrilities shall be commenced, or Treaty made, the

said Governor General and Council shall, by the rriofl: expeditious Means they can deviie, communicate the

fame unto the said Court of Directors, or to the said Secret Committee, together with a full State of the In-

formation and Intelligence upon which they shall have commenced such Hostilities, or made such Treaties,

and their Motives and Reasons for the fame at large.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Governors and Counsellors of Fort

Saint George and Bombay, or of any other subordinate Settlement, to make or issue any Order for com-

mencing Hostilities, or levying War, or to negociate or conclude any Treaty of Peace, or other Treaty,

with any Indian Prince or State (except in Cafes of sudden Emergency or imminent Danger, when it shall

appear dangerous to postpone such Hostilities or Treaty,) unless in pursuance of express Orders from the

said Governor General in Council of Fori William aforesaid, or from the said Court of Directors, or from

the said Secret Committee by the Authority of the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and

every such Treaty shall, if possible, contain a Clause for subjecting the fame to the Ratification or Rejection of

the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid: And the said Governors and Counsellors, and

other Officers of the said Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or other Settlements respectively,

are hereby required to pay and yield Obedience to all such Orders as they shall from Time to Time respectively

receive from the said Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, concerning the Matters afore-

said; and that all and Angular the said Governors, Counsellors, and other Officers, who shall refuse or wil-

fully neglect or forbear to pay Obedience to such Orders and Instructions as they shall receive from the said

'Governor General in Council of Fort William as aforesaid, shall be liable to be removed, dismissed, or fuf-

pended from the Exercise of their respeeflive Offices or Powers by Order of the said Governor General in

Council of Fort William, and be sent to England, and be subject to such further Pains and Penalties as are or

shall be provided by Law in that Behalf.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Counsellors of the said Presidencies of Fort

Saint George and Bombay respectively for the Time being, and the Governors and Counsellors, or other Chief

Officer or Officers of and belonging to any other British Settlement in India, shall andjthey are hereby re-

■(pe&ively required, constantly and diligently to transmit to the said Governor General in Council at Fort

Wiliam aforesaid, true and exa£l Copies of all Orders, Resolutions, and Atfts in Council of their respe£Iive

Governments, Presidencies, and Councils, and also Advice and Intelligence of all Transactions and Matters

which shall come to their Knowledge material to be communicated to the Governor General in Council

at Fort William aforesaid, or which the said Governor General in Council shall from Time to Time require.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor General of Fort

William aforesaid for the Time being to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to such Peace

Officers and other Persons as he shall think fit, for securing and detaining in Custody any Person or Persons

fiifpecled of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit Correspondence dangerous to the Peace or Safety

of any of the British Settlements or Possessions in India, with any of the Princes, Rajahs, or Zemindars, or

any other Person or Persons having Authority in India, or with the Commanders, Governors, or Presidents

of any Factories established in the Eqjl Indies, by any European Power, or any Correspondence contrary to

the Rules and Orders of the said Company, or of the Governor General in Council of Fort William afore-

said; and if, upon Examination taken upon Oath in Writing of any credible Witness or Witnesses before

the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, there shall appear reasonable Grounds for the

Charge, the said Governor General shall be and is hereby authorized and impowered to commit such Person

or Persons so suspected or accused to safe Custody, and shall within a reasonable Time, not exceeding five

Days, cause to be delivered to him or them a Copy of the Charge or Accusation on which he or they shall

have been committed, and that the Party or Parties accused shall be permitted to deliver in his or their De-

fence in Writing, together with a List of such Witnesses as he or they shall desire to be examined in Support

thereof, and that such Witnesses, and also the Witness or Witnesses in Support of the Charge, shall be ex-

amined and cross-examined on Oath, in the Presence of the Party accused, and their Depositions and Exa-

minations taken down in Writing; and if, notwithstanding such Defence, there shall appear to the said Go-

vernor General in Council reasonable Grounds for the Charge or Accusation, and for continuing the Con-

finement, the Party or Parties accused shall remain in Custody until he or they shall be brought to Trial in

India, or sent to England for that Purpose; and that all such Examinations and Proceedings, or attested Copies

thereof, under the Seal of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, or of one of the Mayor’s Courts,

shall be transmitted to the said Court of Directors by the first Dispatches, in order to their being produced

-in Evidence on the Trial of the Parties in the Event of their being sent for Trial to Great Britain; and in cale

such Person or Persons is or are intended to be sent to England, the said Governor General shall anJ he is

hereby required to cause such Person or Persons to be sent to England by the first convenient Opportunity,

unless such Person or Persons shall be disabled by Illness from undertaking the Voyage, in which Calc he or

they shall be sent as soon as his or their State of Health will safely admit thereof; and that the Examinations

and Proceedings so transmitted as aforesaid shall be admitted and received as Evidence in all Courts of Law,

(ubjeft to any just Exceptions to the Competency of the said Witnesses.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Governors or Governors in Council of Fort Saint

*George. and Botnbay faa\\ have the like Powers, under and subje£t to the fame Regulations and Restrictions,

3 A 2 to

361

Communication

of Commence-

ment cf HoQi-

lities, See. t<"> be

made to the Di-

rectors-, &c.

Governmcn s cf

Fort Saint

George or Cun-

bay, not to de-

clare Wtr, &:c.

but by OrdfM

from Fort Wil-

liam, or the Di-

ie£ors, See.

Penalty or Go-

vernors, &c. of

Fort Sr. George

and Bombay

for Neglect of

Orders from

Fort William.

Presidencies of

Fort St. George,

Sec. to send to

Fort William

Copies of all

their Orders,

&c.

Governor Gene-

ral of Fort

William may

issue Warrants

for securing

suspected Per-

lons.

Proceedings to

be had where

reasonable

Grounds for the

Charge shall

appear against

such Persons.

Governo-f of

Fort St. George

and Bombay

to have the l.IsJc

