A. D« 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 41, 42. 223

CAP. XLI.

An Act to exempt Whale Oil, and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction

in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

4 \ y repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof an Ex-

4 cife Duty is chargeable for and upon all Sales by way of Auction in Great Britain, of any Goods or Chat-

4 tels, according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And whereas it is expedient, that further Exemp-

4 tien from the said Duty should be made in favour of certain Articles, other than such as are now exempted

4 from the same \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament artembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

two, all Whale Oil, Whale Bone, Ambergris, and Head-matter, and all Skins of Seals and other Animals

living in the Sea, shall be free of the said Duty on the first Sale thereof by Auction in Great Britain; and

alfothat all Elephants Teeth, Palm Oil, Dying Woods, Drugs, and other Articles for Dyers Use, and all

Mahogany and other unmanufactured Wood for the Use of Cabinet-makers, and other Manufacturers, im-

ported in British Ships from Africa, or from any British Settlement Abroad, shall be free of the said Duty oil

the first Sale of such Goods by Auction, by or for the Account of the original Importer to whom the fame

were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, so as

such Sale be made within twelve Months after such Goods shall be imported, and by foine Person duly

licensed to exercise the Trade or Bufinefe of an Auctioneer.

Preamble,

27 Geo. 3.C. 13.

recited,

From July 5,

1792, Whale

Oil. icr at me

first Sale ex-

empted from the

Duty on Auc-

tiens im poled fyr

the recited Act.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors

Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the

Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the

Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Publick Office for the Suitors of the said Court,

and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks, and for building Repofi-

tories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records

and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunaticks.

\\J HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his pfeambie#

< late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An An to empower the High Court of Chancery to I2 Geo. »,c,

4 lay out, upon proper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General

4 Cashin the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said County for the Ease of the said Suitors, by

4 applying the Inter cjl arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the

4 said Court, it was enacted, That, out of the Cash that then lay, or should thereafter lie dead and unemployed

in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding thirty-

4 five thousand Pounds should and might, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for

that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or

4 Parliamentary Securities as, in and by such Order or Orders, should be directed, to the Intent that the In-

4 terest and Annual Profits arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforefiiid might be applied for the

4 Purposes therein-after mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Interest and Annual

4 Profits, arising and to be produced from the said Securities, should, from Time to Time, be received by the

4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised

in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court, of Interest arising from Money placed out in pur-

4 fuance of that Act; and that out of such Interest Money and annual Profits there should be paid, by quar-

4 terly Payments, the annual Sum of one thousand and twenty Pounds; which Payment should be made by

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of

4 Chancery to be made for that Purpose, (videlicet,) To the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery

the Sum of six hundred and fifty Pounds; to his first Clerk, the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds; to

4 his second Clerk, the Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds; and that the Residue of the Interest and

4 Annual Profits arising and to be produced from the said Securities should be accounted for and taken as Part

4 of the Common and General Cash of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, and should

4 be issued and applied pursuant and according to the Directions of a certain Act of Parliament therein recited

4 of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Atl for Relief of

the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the

4 fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery 4 3- c* 3*'

4 to lay out, upon proper Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the

4 Common and General Call) in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and for apply-

ing the Intercjl arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the

4 said Court, it was enacted, That out of the Cash that then lay, or should thenafter lie dead and unemployed

%z Geo. IIL G g m

