A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 367

every of such Persons so licensed {hall be prohibited from having any Connexion or Intercourse with the

Continent of China, and from carrying on any other Trade or Concern whatever, lave and except the Sale of

British and Irish Manufactures before mentioned, and from all Interference with the Affairs of the said Com-

pany ; and that all such Persons shall enter into the like Covenants with the said Company as other free

Merchants by them licensed, or fu^h other Covenants as shall be reasonably required by the said Court of Di-

rectors in that Behalf, and also into a special Engagement, if the fame shall be required, for paying the net

Proceeds of the Sales of such Manufactures into the Treasury of the said Company at such new Settlement,

for Bills of Exchange payable by the said Company in Great Britain, to be drawn at the actual Rate of Ex-

change at the Time ; and that no Person whatever shall be permitted to reside in any Place or Places so ceded,

or to trade or communicate with any Port or Place in Chinay who is not a Servant of the said Company, or

who is not licensed by them to act as aforesaid.

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the said whole, foie,

and exclusive Trade, subject as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel which shall be em-

ployed in carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery, under and by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth

Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and a

certain other Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, for amending the said Act made

in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, to fail or pass into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Hern, to the

Northward of theEquator, provided that such Ships shall not proceed further Weft than one hundred and eighty

Degrees of Longitude from London, and provided that the said Ships shall not proceed without such Licence,

and shall be under and subjecSI to all such Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Provisions, as are men-

tioned in the said respective Acts.

LXXVIII. 4 And, for the further Encouragement of Trade to the North-weft Coast of America and the

4 Islands adjacent, under the Limitations contained in the Convention made by his Majesty with the King of

4 Spain, of the twenty-eighth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it may he expedient that

4 Ships fitted out for those Parts should in certain Cafes be permitted by Licence from the Lid Company to

4 proceed from the said Coast and Islands direct to the Isles of 'Japan and the Coasts of Korea and Canton, there

4 to dispose of their.'Cargoes obtained on the said North-weft Coast of Arncrica, and to return from thence di-

4redl to the fameNorth-weft Coast or Islands adjacent, and there dispose of their Returns in Trade, the Owners

4 and Commanders of such Shipsentering into such Covenants with, and giving such Security to the said Com-

4 pany, and submitting to be bound by such Rules and Regulations as shall appear to be belt adapted for pre-

4 serving to the said Company the Exercise and Benefits of their Commercial Privileges, and conduce to the

4 Preservation of good Order and Regularity of the Ships Companies, and their Observance of the Laws pre-

4 feribed by the Native States, during the Continuance of such Ships on the said Coasts of Japan, Korea, and in the

4 River of Canton aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company

shall, and they are hereby required, forthwith after the patting of this A&, to frame and lay before the Board

of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, such Rules and Regulations as they shall think best adapted for the

Purposes aforesaid, and also the Forms of such Deeds of Covenant or other Securities as the said Court of

Directors shall judge to be proper or necessary to be entered into or given for the due Observance thereof by

the Owners and Commanders of Ships to be licensed as aforesaid, and that the said Board shall thereupon pro-

ceed to revile the fame, and to give such Orders and Instructions to the said Directors in relation thereto as

they shall think fit and expedient; and that the said Owners and Commanders conforming themselves to the

Terms and Conditions which shall be so prescribed, shall have and be intitled to such Licence or Licences,

and the said Court of Directors are hereby required to grant the fame accordingly, unless on any Reprefen-

tation made by the said Directors to the said Board of Commissioners, containing any specific Objections

against the granting of any such Licence, the said Board shall order the fame to be withheld, in which Cafe

it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors to withhold or refuse the fame.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Rules and Regulations to be so made

for the Purposes aforesaid, or any Deeds of Covenant or other Securities to be required to be entered into or

given for the Observance thereof, shall not extend to vest in any Council of Supercargoes or other Officers

of the said Company a greater Power over any Ships, or the Commanders, Officers, or Companies of the

fame, in the Eastern Seas or on the Coasts o {japan, Korea, and Cijina, which they shall be permitted to

visit according to the Tenor of such Licences, than such as can, shall or may lawfully be exercised by the said

Council of Supercargoes or other Officers of the said Company, in or over the Ships employed by or in Che

Service of the said Company, and the Commanders, Officers, and Men belonging thereto.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the felling or disposing of any Goods or Merchan-

dize at any other Place or Places than shall be mentioned and specified in any such Licence, or any wilful Breach

or Non-observance of any of the said Rules or Regulations, shall be held as a Mi (demeanor at Law, and

shall and may be punished as such, and that the Parties offending therein shall be deemed to have traded and

trafficked unlawfully within the Limits of the Company’s exclusive Trade, and shall incur and suffer the Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for illicitly trading or trafficking within the said Limits, and shall

over and besides pay to the said Company such pecuniary Penalties as such Offenders shall have incurred or

forfeited by any wilful Breach or Non-observance of the Stipulations contained in and by the said Deeds of

Covenants or Securities entered into or given to the said Company by force and in virtue of this A cl.

LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the said exclusive

Trade in the said Company, subject as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects

resident in Great Britain, or in any other Part of his Majesty’s European Dominions, to export, on their

33 Geo. III. 3 B own

failures in Com-

pany’s Sh pr,

&c.

Refiri&ions on

Persons to

whom such Ma*

nu figures are

consigned.

Ships in the

Southern Whale

Fiftiery under

Geo. III. Cap.

50, and 28 Geo.

Hi. Cap. 20,

may fail into the

Pacifick Ocean

by Cape Horn,

under certainKe*

ftridtions.

Convention

between his

Majesty and the

King of Spain,

dated Oil, 2

1790,

Directors to lay

before the Boaul

for the Affairs of

India, Regula-

tiens for Ships

fi.led out from

the North-weft

Coast of Ame-

rica, &c.

Such Regular

tiens net to vest

a greater Power

in Supercargoes,

8cc»- than they

have over Ships

employed in the

Ser vice of the

Company.

Disposal of

Goods contrary

to Licence, or

Breach of Regu-

lation to be

deemed a Mif-

demeanor, &c.

Anv of his Ufa-

jessy’a Subjects

may export from

London to the

