A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. J05—112.

cap. cv.

An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Parrett, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the

County of Somerset; and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the Quays in the Port of Bridge-

water aforesaid ; for aboiishing the ancient and aceudomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Dunes

at the Port of Bridgezuatcr aforesaid indead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships

and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horles, Carriages, and Cattle.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the

County of Monmouth.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of*Tiptony otherwise Tibbington, in the County

of Stafford^ and for enlarging the Ccemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for regulating the Manner of (locking and using the Marfn Com?nony otherwise Salt Marsh, in

the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester*

CAP. CIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swanjea in the County of

Glamorgan, into the Parish of Yjlradgunlais in the County of Brecon.

CAP. CX.

An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coads of the Parish of

Abergele in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Mar/).in the several Parities of Abergele aforesaid, and

of Saint Ajaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan in the County of Flint, and sundry other

Marshes, Commons, and Wade Lands in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of

Diserih and Meliden in the said County of Flint \ and to cut and make in or through the fame, or some

Part thereof, one or more AqueduSs, or other Watercourses and Drains; and to inclose, divide, and fell

competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Wade Lands, to defray the Expences of

the said Works; and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to enable the RcSor of the Parish of Saint Stephen in the City of Bristol) for the Time being,

and the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to the lame Parish, to fell and

re-convey to the Mayor, Burgelles, and Commonalty of the City of Br/lol, a certain Plot of Ground

situate within and belonging to the said Parish;, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and

certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty,/$r making commodious JVays and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen in the

City of Brilto), and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Par iff.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for better regulating the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent.

34 Geo. 111.

4- Jv

