A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 365

shall be proceeded against and punished as such, under and by virtue of this Act, and the Offender shall also

forfeit to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the whole Gift or Present so received, or the full

Value thereof.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Court or Jurisdiction before whom any TheCourtmay

such Offence shall be tried shall have full Power and Authority to direct the said Present or Gift, or any order Gifts to be

Part thereof, to be restored to the Party who gave the fame, or to order the Whole, or any Part thereof,

or of any Fine which the Court shall set on the Offender, to be paid or given to the Prosecutor or Informer, Profecntor.

as such Court in its Discretion shall think fit.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed £®unrei,ors a*

to extend, to prohibit or prevent any Person exercising the Profession of Counsellor at Law, Physician, or taak*Feet’;*

Surgeon, or any Chaplain, from accepting* talcing, ui receiving Fees, Gratuities, or Rewards (bond fide) their Professionj.

in the Way of ms Profession only. '

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the wilful disobeying, or the wilfully omitting, forbearing, or Negleatoexe-

neglecting to execute the Orders or Instructions of the Court of Directors of the said Company, by any cute the Orders

Governor General, Governor, President, Counsellor, or Commander in Chief, or by any other of the beseem-*

Officers or Servants of the said United Company in the East Indies, (unless in Cafes of Necessity, the Bur- c<Jc’a Mifde-

then-of the Proof of which Necessity shall lie on the Party so disobeying, or omitting or forbearing to exe- meanorj

cute such Orders and Instructions as aforesaid,) and every wilful Breach of the Trust and Duty of any Of-

fice or Employment, by any such Governor General, Governor, President, Counsellor, or Commander in

Chief, or by any of the Officers or Servants of the said United Company in the East Indies, shall be deemed

and taken co be a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall or may be proceeded against and punfthed as such by

virtue of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the making or entering into, or being a Party to any corrupt « also any cor.

Bargain or Contract, for the giving up, or for obtaining, or in any other Manner touching or concerning BaJ6a*n for

the Trust and Duty of any Office or Employment under the Crown, or the said United Company, in the f^”nKUaPnyrEin-

East Indies, by any Britisfo Subject whomsoever there resident, shall be deemed and taken to be a Mifde- payment/

meanor at Law, and shall be proceeded against and prosecuted as such by virtue of this Act. His M

LXVIl. And be it further enacted, That all his Majesty’s Subjects, as well Servants of the said United Subjectsame-

Company as others, shall be and are hereby declared to be amenable to all Courts of Justice, both in India nablctoCourts of

and Great Britain, of competent Jurisdiction to try Offences committed in India, for all Acts, Injuries, Justice *n *ndu

Wrongs, Oppressions, Trespasses, Misdemeanors, Offences, and Crimes whatever, by them or any of them foC<offeoc«

done or to be done or committed in any of the Lands or Territories of any Native Prince or State, or against in thcTerrito-

their Persons or Properties, or the Persons or Properties of any of their Subjects or People, in the fame lies of Native

Manner as if the fame had been done or committed within the Territories directly subject to and under the Princes,

British Government in India.

LX VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, or for any No Aaion to be

of their Officers or Servants, or for the Court of Directors of the said. Company, to discontinue, stay, or wJ^atk>n

compound, or settle or agree any Actions or Suits at Law or Equity, now depending or hereafter to be of^h/Soard.*

commenced, before a final Decree or Judgement shall be obtained or given therein, unless by and with the

Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for that Purpose, in Writing, first had

and obtained; and that all Compositions and Agreements made for any of the Purposes aforesaid, by the

Court of Directors of the said Company, with the Approbation of the said Board, shall be valid and effec-

tual in that Behalf, any Thing herein or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary nbtwith-

standing.

LXlX. And be it further enacted, That after Sentence or Judgement of any Court having competent Company not

Jurisdiction, whether in Great Britain or in India, against any Governor General, Governor, President, to re,ease Scn"

Counsellor, or Commander in Chief, or against any of the said United Company’s Servants, Civil or Mi- flo^SerMnti

litary, for any Debts or Penalty due or belonging to the said United Company, or for any Extortion or other difmifod by

Misdemeanor, it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, in any Cafe whatever, to release or com- Sentence*,

pound such Sentence or Judgement, or to restore any Servant or Servants of the said Company who shall

have been removed or dismissed from his or their Office or Employment for or on Account of Misbehaviour,

by the Sentence of any of the said Courts.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have held any Civil or Military Station No Person un-

whatever in India, in the Service of the said United Company, being under the Rank or Degree of a Mem- ^Member of

ber of Council, or Commander in Chief of the Forces, and who, having departed from India by Leave of CounciVor Co°m-

the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, shall not return to India within the Space of mander in Chief,

five Years next after such Departure, shall be entitled to any Rank or Restoration of Office, or be capable who shall not

of again serving in India, either in the European or Native Corps of Tsoops, or in the Civil Line of the relur.n to ^dia

Company’s Service, unless in the Cafe of any Civil Servant of the Company, it shall be proved to the Sa- f^his

tisfadiion of the Court of Directors, that such Absence was occasioned by Sickness or Infirmity, or unless to depart, shall

such Person be permitted to return with his Rank to India by a Votoor Resolution passed by Way of Bal- be entitled to

lot, by three Parts in four of the Proprietors assembled in General Court, specially convened for that Pur- Rjnk, &c ex-

pose, whereof eight Days previous Notice of the Time and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given in *The cept as Jcrem

London Gazette, or unless, in the Cafe of any Military Officer, it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the provl c

said Court of Directors, and the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, that such Absence was

occasioned by Sickness or Infirmity, or some inevitable Accident.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of Mer- The Comply

chants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, shall have, use, and enjoy, and shall njo* cxtl»-

coiuinuc

