560 C. 8r. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

If fall Nurrber

b'e not in rolled

* frefl) Ballot to

be taken j

as alfe-to fill up

Vacancies.

Persons chosen,

not being Quak-

-ers, and not

appearing, &c»

to forfeit 10I. to

l»c applied in

ip-oviding Sub-

(Uiutcj*

Commissioners

may provide

'Stibflitutes fnr

Quakers refusing

to do it, and

levy the Ex-

pence.

Quakers may

appeal to the

Commiflioners.

Persons not

liable to be bal-

lotted for a

ficond Time

but in Rotation.

Persons exempt-

.

alderman, &c.

of each Ward to

be a.filTois.

If the Alder-

nan, Sec, ne-

f\;f\ to make

Returns, &c.

cr to a He Is the

Trophy Tax, the

Commiflioners

juay do it,

Voluntt

be provi

Part of

Quota

Ward,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if, through Neglect, Mistake, or from any other Cause, the full

Number of Men appointed to be raised in any of the said Wards {hall not be duly inrolled at the Court ap-

pointed for that Purpose, the said Commiflioners may, and are hereby required, immediately to issue Pre-

cepts to proceed to a fresh Ballot or Ballots, as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the

Purposes of this Act duly into Execution; and that when any Militia Man or Substitute shall, before the

Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer

in the said Militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, or otherways regularly

discharged, the Vacancy shall be filled up by a frefti Ballot, in the Ward for which such Militia Man or

Substitute served.

IX. And be it further enacted. That if 2ny Person or Persons chosen by Ballot, or compellable to find a

Substitute or Substitutes, according to the Directions of this Act, to serve in the Militia, (not being one of

the People called Quakers,) shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath, and serve in the said Militia,

or to provide a Substitute or Substitutes (as the Cafe may be) to be approved as a fore said, who shall take

the Oath, ar.d sign his or their Consent to serve as his or their Substitute or Substitutes, every such Person

so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and the like Sum for every Man not

so provided, for which he shall have been ballotted ; which said Penalties Hull be applied, by Order of the

said CoTiiflioners, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who have paid such Penalties, and which Sub-

stitutes shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the fame Time, and on the fame Conditions, as is herein-

before provided in the Cafe of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus fh^ll re-

main, the fame shall be paid to the Colonel, or such Officer as he shall appoint, of the Regiment for which

such Person shall serve, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock Purse.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People called Quakers shall be chosen

by Ballot to serve in the said Militia, or to find a Man or Men, and shall refuse or negledi to provide a Sub-

stitute or Substitutes, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the Oath, and subscribe his or their Consent

to serve as the Substitute or Substitutes of such Quaker, then and in every such Cafe the said Commiflioners

shall, if they think proper, provide and hire, or cause to be provided and hired, upon as reasonable Terms as

may be, a fit or proper Person or Persons for such Quaker; and the said Commiflioners, or any three or

more of them, are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seal, to levy, by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Quaker, such Sums of Money as shall be necessary to defray the

Expences of providing and hiring such Substitute or Substitutes, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus,

(if any,) after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale ; and in case any Measures shall be used, in

making Distress as aforesaid, whb h may be by such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such

Quaker to appeal to the said Commiflioners at their next Court, wno are hereby required and empowered to

hear and finally determine the fame.

XL Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons having been ballotted for, and served,

or found a Substitute or Substitutes, or paid the Penalties for not serving or finding such Substitutes, accord-

ing to the Directions of this Act, shall be liable to be ballotted for again, until by Rotation it shall Come to

his Turn ; and no Clergyman, or licensed Teacher of any lcparafe Congregation, and no Person serving as

a Commissioned Officer in the said Militia, or who shall have served four Years therein, shall be liable to be

ballotted for.

XII. And, for the better and more speedy Execution of these Premises; be it further enacted. That the

Alderman, or his Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Councilmen for the Time being, in each

Ward within the said City or Liberties, shall be the Assessors in their respective Wards to charge all Person

and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether

Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Occupieis of Public Offices and Buildings, liable to be

ballotted for in their respective Wards as hereinbefore directed, and shall likewise be the Assessors of the

Trophy Tax hereinafter directed to be continued to be 1 ailed and paid, and shall appoint proper Pejfons to

collect the fame.

XIII. c And whereas it is just and reasonable that every Ward of the said City and Liberties should raise

4 and contribute its Quota towards the said Militia, and the Trophy Tax hereafter directed to be continued

c to be raised •* be it therefore further enacted, That if the Alderman or Deputy, and the major Part of the

Common Council of any Ward, shall refuse or neglect to make a Return of the Lifts to the said Commis-

fionersof the Persons liable to be ballotted for in their respective Wards, or, having made such Return, shall

neglect to proceed to ballot for the Number of Persons to be raised by such Ward, as hereinbefore directed,

according to the Precepts issued to them for that Purpose, the said Commiflioners shall and are hereby au-

thorized to make out such Lifts, and proceed to ballot for the proper Number of Persons to be raised in

such Ward, in Manner hereinbefore directed ; and if the said Alderman or Deputy, and the major Part of

the Common Council of any Ward, shall, in like Manner, neglect or refuse to assess and levy the Propor-

tien of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the said Commiflioners shall and are hereby further authorized to

assess, levy, and raise the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the Alderman or Deputy, and major Part of the

Common Council of which shall make such Default.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Alderman or Deputy, and Common Council of any Ward

aforesaid, with the Consent of the Inhabitants liable to serve or find a Substitute or Substitutes 'taken at a

Wardmote to be holden for that Purpose, (for calling such Wardmote three Days previous Notice to be

given, speccifying the Cause of calling the fame,) {hall provide and produce to the said Commiflioners, at any

Court appointed for the Purpose of inrolling the Militia Men of such Ward, any Volunteer or Volunteers

who shall be approved, and shall be then and there sworn in and inrolled for such Term, and on such Con-

% ditions.

v^.

