*5°

Rules for claflT-

ingof Ruforers,

See. as directed

by 24 Geo. 3.

.c. 54. to be con*

formed to.

Offenders fen-

tenced to Trans-

portation after

July I, 179[*

rr.ay be impri-

foned and kf ptto

hard Labourtill

transponed. See,

Keepers of

Gaols, Sec. to

rrake Returns as

fci.cin directed*

Visiting Justicec

to examine Re-

turns, Sec,

Persons under

Sentence of

T ranfportation

to be kept Sepa-

rate from other

Prisoners except

Felt nf.

Gaolers t > re-

port to the Grand

Jury the ineffi-

ciency of Cla >i«,

jiot affoidinj* the

Mr ans of Sepa-

ration according

to 24 Geo. 3,

c. 54.

Provisions rt

19 Car. 1. c. 4.

for Setting Per-

f -ns in Gaol to

work, recited.

Juflirtf may ex-

ecute the recited

Provision »n fa-

your of all Pri-

soners willing to

>0 fU.

C. 46. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Benefit; and in the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, proper and particular Directions shall be given for

effectuating such Separation and Classing of Prisoners,^ as is directed by the aforesaid Act of the twenty-

fourth Year of his present Majesty, with such further Separation and Classing as shall be thought requisite,

and also as well for enforcing, amongst the Prisoners of all Descriptions, Cleanliness, Temperance, and a

decent and orderly Behaviour, as for securing a just and humane Treatment of them by the Gaoler and his

Servants, and all Directions contained in the said ACt, respecting such Rules and Orders, shall be exactly*

conformed to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for the Court by whom any Offender shall be fen-

tenced to Transportation for Crimes committed after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-one, or, in the case of any Offender to whom his Majesty’s Royal Mercy shall be extended on Con-

dition of Transportation, or for any Judge or Justice of the Court by or before whom such Offender shall

have been convicted, or any Justice of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, oi\Baron of the Exchequer,

being of the Coif, or Justice of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, or Justices of the Peace

at their Quarter Seinon, to order and adjudge that such Perl'on shall be imprisoned and kept to hard La-

bour in the Common Gaol in and for the County where such Offender shall have been convicted, until he

or she be transported or otherwise removed according to Law, or until he or she, by the Expiration of

the Term of such Sentence of Transportation or otherwise, shall be entitled to his or her Liberty: Pro-

vided always, and it is hereby exprelsly declared, That the Time during which such Offender shall so con-

tinue confined, shall be reckoned in Discharge, or Part of Discharge or Satisfaction of the Term of his or

her Transportation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of the Common Gaol, and also the Governors or

Keepers of the several Places of Confinement to be used as Pcnitent.ary Houses in and for each County,

Riding, or Division, on the first Day of every Assizes, Great Sessions, or General Gaol Delivery, shall

make a just and true Return in Writing to the Clerk of Assizes, or other Clerk or proper Officer of such

Court, specifying the Number and Size of the Cells completed for the Reception of Prisoners ordered to

Imprisonment and hard Labour, the Name of all and every the Person or Persons in his Custcdy, the Of-

fences of which they have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was convicted, the Sentence of

the Court, if tried and convicted before any Court of Record, or, if committed by one or more of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, then the Name of the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or

Persons was or were convicted, and the Offence of which such Person or Persons was or were convicted

the Age, bodily Estate, and Behaviour of every such Convuft.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Return, before it is delivered into Court, shall be exa-

mined by one or more of the viiiting Justices to be appointed as herein-before directed, who is hereby re-

quired to sign such Return, and to annex thereto such Observations as he shall think fit on every Particular

therein contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That as long as any Person under Sentence of Transportation shall con-

tinue in the Common Gaol, the Gaoler having ^ uilody of such Offender fh«lL and he is hereby required

to fepaiate such Convict, as far as conveniently may be, from every Person in his Custody, except Pri-

foners convicted of Felony.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Common Gaol shall not bn in a State to afford the Means

of Separation according to the Directions of the said Me! of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty,* intituled, An Act to explain andr.m nd an Art made in the ninth, eleventh, and tivcftb Tears

of the Reign of W 1 lliam the Third, the said Gaider lh.iil, and he is hereby icquired to report the Inef-

ficiency of such County Gaol to the Grand Jury ar the Alii/cs, Great Sessions, or General Gaol Delivery

next to be holden after the passing of this Act, and at every subsequent Ailize, Great Seiliun, or General

Gaol Delivery, till such Means of Separation shall be effected. 4

4 XIL And whereas, by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Ciiarlfs the Second, in-

6 tituled, An Act for Rcl'nf cf poor Pri/otnrs, andfri ting them on I Perk, alter reciting that theie was nor any

4 sufficient Provision made for the Relief and letting on Work of poor and needy Pei Ions committed to the

4 common Gaol for P'clony and other Misdemeanois, who many Times penih before their Trial, and the

4 Poor there living idly and unemployed become debauched, and come forth instructed in the Practice

4 of Thievery and Lewdncfs, it is enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in their respeChve Counties, at

4 any of their General Sessions, if they shall find it needful so to do, may provide a Stock of such Mate-

4 rials as they find convenient for the letting poor Prisoners on Work, in such A fanner and by such Ways

4 as other County Charges may be levied and raised, and to pay and provide fit Persons to overlee and set

4 such Persons on Work, and make such Oiders for Accounts of and concerning the Premises as shall by

4 them be thought needful, and for Punishment of Neglects and other Abuses, and for bestowing the Profits

4 arising by the Labour of the Prisoners set on Work for their Relief, which shall be duly observed, and

4 may alter, revoke, or amend such their Orders from 'Time to Time, provided that no Parish be rated

4 above six Pence by the Week towards the Premises, having Rcfpeft to the respective Values of the several

4 Parishes: And whereas the Provision of the said recited Statute is very fit to be executed with respect to

4 such Prisoners therein described as shall be confined in the Gaols, with an Extenflon thereof to all other

4 Prisoners inclined to take the Benefit thereof, and also an increase of the Sum limited by the said Act for

4 defraying the Expence of executing the fame:’ Be it therefore ennfted, That the Justices of the Peace

shall have Authority to execute the said recited Provision in the said last-mentioned Act, for letting poor

Persons on Work, as well in regard to such Persons as are therein described, as in favour of all other Pri-

foners

