A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 5, 6, 7. 485

Untied States 5 which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty- 14 Geo. Jir,

third Tear of his present Majesty, u for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Cq% 45.

Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of A rntrica,'*

to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect

c So certain Articles therein mentioned\ the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade

and Intercourse between this Kingdom ami the BritiJlj Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the fame

4 might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on

the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several

4 subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand leven hundred and ninety-four:

4 And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so

4 far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between tins Kingdom and the People and

4 Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of

4 his Majesty’s Reign mould be further continued:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so faronjy as the fame

extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories be-

longing to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force

until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and till the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of

any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported

from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall

hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever

shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this

Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue

of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be

imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States

of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall

be allowed by any Law now in (o;ce, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Amer ca, and

Council, the fame shall determined by forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities

shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Ap- ,oooodi^mparted

parel belonging thereto. from the'feState*

contrary to Law, to be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be How Forfeiture*

sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce

thereof disposed of, paid, and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Pur-

poses, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Custoras may now be sued for,

prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the

Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any

Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act (lull continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April

4>ne thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, ana no

longer.

V# Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered,

varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

23 Geo. III.

Cap. 39, so ht

as relates to tht

Commerce be-

tween thisKing-

dom and tb«

United 'tare* of

America, and 24

Geo. HI Cap.

49, to continat

in force till

April 5, 1795,

Articles from

any Place bor-

dering on tht

Baltic, which

nay be exported

from this King-

dom, if exported

contrary to Law,

and Goods im-

ported from the

United State* of

are to be recover-

and applied*

Act to continae

in force till

Aprils, »795i

but may be re-

pealed thit

bcilvon.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.—[21ft February 1794.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.—[21ft February 1794.J

CAP.

