A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 85—95.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners ap-

pointed by two Acts, pa{Ted in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anney and in the eleventh

Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine or Nen, running from North-

ampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the fame relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and

Thrapston Bridge.

CAP. LXXXVT.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Rail Ways and Stone Roads, from

several Collieries, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal,

in the Parifji of Bradford^ in the County of Wilts.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for extending and improving the Birmingham Canal Navigations-

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond\ in the Town of Shrewsbury, in

the County of Salop.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks; for better cleansing,

lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and

preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for otherwise im-

proving the said Town.

CAP. XC.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kenneth at or near the Town of Newbury, in the

County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts

therein described.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts made in the seventeenth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of the Reign* of his present-

Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every

Scot? Pint of Ale and Beer, which {hall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the

Town of Borrowflounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow; and for extending the

fame over the Parish of Borrowstounness; for reparing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wisbech River, at or near a Place called the

Old Sluice, in the Town of Wisbech in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridgeto join the River Nene

in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and

maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salters Load Sluice.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridgey

in the Parish of Bedworthy in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Afl)by de la

Zouch in the County of Leicejlcry and for continuing the fame from thence in one Line to the Lime-

works at Ticknall in the County of Derby, and in another Line to the Limeworks at Cloudhill in the

said County of Lsicejiery with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to enable^ the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to com-

plete the said Navigation, and to vary the Line thereof, and to raise a further Sum of Money for thoft

Purposes; and for making a Navigable Branch, therein described, from the intended new Line of the

said Canal.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for improving the Na-

vigation of the River Trent; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in

the-

