A.D. 1791. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32. 133

^ Oaths, the said Oaths, so required by the said Acts of the first of Elizabeth and the third of James

the First, were abrogated, and a new Oath of Allegiance, and a new Oath of Supremacy, were introduced

* and required to be taken : And whereas by an Adrnade in the second Session of the first Year of the Reign

1 of his late Majesty King Geo’UJE the First, intituled, An Ac! for the further Security of his Majesty s T Geo. 1. ftfT.

1 Per)on and Government, and the Succrjfon of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being 2. c, 13.

1 Protestants ; and for extinguift/ing the Hopes of the pretended Prince cf Wales, and his open and secret

c Abettors, amongst other Oaths thereby appointed to be taken, one is an Oath of Supremacy, in the fame*

‘ Words as the Oath of Supremacy required by the said recited Act of the first Session of the first Year of King

1 William and Queen Mary : And whereas, under the Provisions of the said two last recited Acts, Per-

4 Tons in general are liable to have the Oath of Supremacy therein mentioned tendered to them, and are ex-

4 posed to Penalties for not taking such Oath when tendered, as is required by the said two last recited Acts

4 respectively : And whereas by the said Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty

4 King Charles the Second, there is contained a Declaration, commonly called The Declaration again/} Perr°n to be

4 Tra f.djlanticii:n f be it further enacted, That, from and after the find twenty-fourth Day of June one ^thToaUi

thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Per foil shall be summoned to take the Oath and make the Decla- squired by 1

ration above mentioned,or be piofecuted for not obeying such Summons. Gui & Mar.

fe(T. 1, c. 8.; cr the DecLra ion required by 25 Car. i. c. 1. 5

XIX. And be it also enacted, Thatvfrom and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven nor 1 Cuband

hundred and ninety-one, the Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of their Majesties King William and

Queen Mary, intituled, An Ac! for the removing Papists, and reputed Papists, from the Cities cf London Roman Ca?ho-

and Westminster, shall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend, to any Person professing the licks who have

Roman Catholiclc Religion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, taken the ap.

herein before anointed to be taken and iubicribed. pointed Oath.

4 XX. And whereas by a Clause in an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles 3oCar* *• Stat.

4 the Second, intituled, An At! for the ?norc effectual prejerving the King's Person and Government, by dif- . 5> rc"

4 abling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament, it was enacted, That, amongst: other Persons

4 therein described, every Peer of the Realm of England^ and Member of the House of Pqers, and every Peer

4 of the Kingdom of Scotland or of the Kingdom of Ireland, being of the Age of one-and-twenty Y ears or

4 upwards, not having taken the Oaths and Declaration therein mentioned, and who should come advisedly

4 into or remain in the Presence of the King’s Majesty or Queen’s Majesty, or should come into the Court or

4 House where they or any of them reliJe, as Weji during the Reign of his then Majesty, as during the Reigns

4 of any his royal Succeiibrs, Kings or Queens of England, should incur all the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures,

4 and Disabilities in the said Act mentioned or contained, unless such Peers should, in the next Term after

4 such his coming or remaining, take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration in his Ma-

4 jetty’s High Court of Chancery, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon Now be it fur- andn* P.erwho

the* enabled. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and AalJ have taken

ninety-one, no Peer of Great Britain or Ireland, or Member of the House of Peers of Great Britain, or of appointed

the Kingdom of Ireland, professing the Reman Catholick Religion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath of

Allegiai.ce, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-before appointed to be taken and subscribed, shall be liable under that Act.

to be prosecuted for such Offence, in the said recited Act of the thirtieth Yrearof King Charles the Second,

or be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities for Breach of the Provision in the said

Clause contained, cr be other wise deemed to fall within, or be affected by, any Part of the said Provision.

4 XXI. And whereas by an Act passed in the second Session of the first Yrear of the Rwgn of his late Ma- 1 Gco*

4 jetty King George the First, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to regi/hr their Names and real Estates, all 2* c*

4 and every such Person and Persons as therein are described are, in Default of taking, within the l ime thereby

4 limited, the several Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, required by the said Act passed in the

4 first Session of the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First herein-before

4 recited, and of repeating and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation and Popery, expressed

4 in and required by the said Act passed in the second Session of the thirtieth Yrear of the Reign of King

4 Charles the Second, required to register their Names, and also their Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

4 ments, in Manner and under the Penalties in the said now reciting Statute mentioned and expressed : And

4 whereas by an Act, passed in the third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, in-

4 tituled. An Act for explaining an Act, paftjbd in the left! Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An All to oblige 3 Geo, 1. c. it,

44 Papists to register .their Nanus and real Estates f and for enlarging the Time cf fuel? regift ering, and recited,

4 for fearing Purchafs made by Protejlanis, and by other subsequent Acts, it is enacted. That no Manors,

4 Lands, or any Intel eft therein, or Relit or Profit thereout, shall pal's, alter, cr change from any Papilt or*

4 Perffn profiling the Popish Religion by any Deed or Will, except such Deed within six Months after the

4 Date, and such Will within six Months after the Death of the deflator, be inrolled in one of the King’s

4 Courts of Record at JVflm infer, or within the County wherein the Manors or Lands do lie :* Now be it anj* repealed*

further enacted, That the said two last recited Acts, passed in the first and third Years of the Reign of his

said Majesty King George the First, and also such Parts of all other Acts as require the Registry of the

Names and Eftatcsof Persons being Papists, or professing the Popish Religion, or being reputed to be such,

shall be, and the fame are hereby utterly repealed, abrogated, and made void ; and from and after the said and no Person

twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Person whatsoever shall be pro- liable to prose.

(ecuted, sued, molested, or otherwise affected by reason of not having complied with or confoimed to the said Cut\on for not

hereby repealed Acts and Parts of Acts, or any of them ; and all Deeds and Wills shall, from and after the complied

laid twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be as good and effectual, both 1 crcml

at Law and in Equity, and to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said hereby repealed Acts

and Parts of Ad had never been made.

4 XXII. And

e

