I

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 15, 16.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates

or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to

the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock

created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament,

and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and

kept in the Office of die Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books,

in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, toge-

ther with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the

Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

X. c And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made before the passing of this Act, by Makers of

4 Bricks and Tiles, to be delivered after the passing of this Act j’ be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That such Makers of Bricks and Tiles, delivering such Bricks and Tiles after the passing of this

Ad in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the

Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of the Bricks and Tiles, and shall be entitled by virtue of this

Ad to be paid for the fame accordingly.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for augmenting the Militia.—[28th March 1794.]

4 TT 7 HERE AS, by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in

that Part of Great Britain called England, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that the Number of

4 Private Men to be raised by virtue of the said Act, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the

4 Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy shall consist of the Numbers therein particularly

4 mentioned: And whereas, in the present Situation of publick Affairs, it is highly necessary and expedient

that the Number of the Militia Forces should be augmented P Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons,

properly qualified according to the Laws now in force, shall offer to his Majesty’s Lieutenant of any

County to raise one or more Company or Companies, to be added to the Regiment or Battalion of any*

County or Riding, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s Lieutenant to accept such Offers and to

appoint such Officers accordingly; and that it shall likewise be lawful for his Majesty’s Lieutenant to accept

and cause to be inrolled any Number of Volunteers, not exceeding such Number as his Majesty may, from

Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, think proper to authorize, to be added as Privates to

the Establishment of such Regiment or Battalion as aforesaid, and to give to such Officers raising Com-

panies or Privates as aforesaid, such temporary Rank not above the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, as his

Majesty shall direct: and such Lieutenant shall certify to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Names

and Ranks of such Officers within fourteen Days after they shall be so appointed; and in case his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, {hall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate laid before his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, signify his or their Disapprobation of any Person to be such Officer in the Militia, his Ma-

jesty’s Lieutenant shall not grant aCommission to such Person, but shall grant Commissions to such Persons

so appointed, who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within fourteen Days

as aforesaid, or of whom his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall sooner signify his or their express Ap-

probation; and on the Certificate of his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or of the Commanding Officer of the Re-

giment or Battalion to which such Company or Companies shall be annexed, that such Company or Com-

panies are actually raised, such Company or Companies shall be entitled to the fame Allowance of Bounty,

Subsistence Money, Arms, and Clothing, as the Rest of his Majesty’s Militia Forces in this Kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Volunteers who shall be inrolled and added as Privates to the

Establishment of each Regiment or Battalion as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the fame Allowance of Bounty,

Subsistence Money, Arms, and Clothing, as the Rest of his Majesty’s Militia Forces in this Kingdom ;

and that his Majesty’s Lieutenant shall, from Time to Time, as he shall find most convenient, certify to

his Majesty the Number of Volunteers who shall have been so accepted and inrolled as aforesaid; and that

all Persons who shall engage to serve either in Companies or as Volunteers, to be added as Privates as afore-

said, in pursuance of this Act, shall be enlisted to serve till such Time as the Militia shall be disembodied, or

till such earlier Period at which his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the said Volnnteer Companies, or to

discharge the said Privates.

III. And be it enacted, That when any such Companies, or Volunteers to be added as Privates, shall be

added to any Regiment, such Addition shall not make it necessary to separate such Regiment into two Bat-

talions, but such Regiment shall remain and continue one Regiment.

IV. And whereas, by the hereinbefore recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s

4 Reign, it is enacted, That when the Militia shall be drawn out and embodied, an Addition shall be made

4 to the Number of Serjeants and Corporals, so that there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every

4 twenty Men :’ Be it enacted, That for every twenty Men who shall be inrolled and added as Privates to

34 Geo. III. 3 S the

4-95

Duties to be

applied in de-

fraying any in-

created Charge

occasioned by

any Loan of thi*

Session, and for

10 Years to be

kept separate

from other

Monies.

For Bricks and

Tiles delivered

after passingtbis

A&.onContra£U

previous thereto,

an Equivalent to

the Duty may be

added.

26 Geo. III.

C^p. 107, re-

cited.

Lord Lieutenants

may accept Of-

fers to raise Vo-

lunteer Compa-

nies an(l also

additional Vo-

lunteers to Rc«

giments, Scc.

Volunteers ro

be entitled to

tb« fameBounty,

&c. as the Rest

of the Militia.

Regiment so

augmented not

to be made two

Battalions.

A certain Pro-

portion of Nt n-

