T

A

B L

4

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

ving Annoying 30 Georg 1i III.

1. AN Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been

jT\ concerned in advising or carrying into Execution,

certain Orders of Council, respecting the Importation

and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain

Orders issued by the Governor General of his Majesty's

Colonies in America ; and for preventing Suits in confe-

quence of the fame; and for making further Provisions

relative thereto.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the

Service of the Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety.

4. An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought

Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape

of Good Hope.

5. An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act,

made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment

of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

30 Geo. III.

8. An Act to amend two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the one in-

tituled An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subject

of his Majesty*s Colonies and Plantations in North Ame-

rica, and in the West India Iftandsy and the Countries be-

longing to the United States of America; and between his

Majesty*s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the Weft

Indies; and the other intituled, An Act to allow the Im-

portation of Rum or other Spirits from his Majesty*s Co-

ionics or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province

of Quebec, without Payjnent of Dttty, under certain Con-

ditions and Restrictions.

9. An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of

the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England*

for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

10. An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the

Speaker of the House of Commons; and for dis-

abling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the

Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit,

during Pleasure, under the Crown.

11. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulat-

ing the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Do-

minions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging

to the United States of America, so far as the fame relate

to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this

Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belong-

ing to die said United States.

a 12. An

