268 C. 65—67. Anno trkefimo secundo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1792.

Tretfurer of the

Company may

supply the Place

of the Governor

and Depury Go-

vernor at Courts,

&cc.

before him or them ; and every BritiJI; Subjett resident in Foreign Parts desiring Ad-

mission into the said Company, and having taken the said Oath, and such Oath being certified as aforesaid,

shall, upon Rccmcft for that Purpose made by himself, or any other Person in his Behalf, to the Gover-

nor or Deputy Governor of the said Company, for the Time being, be admitted into the said Company,

within the Space of thirty Days after such Request shall be made; and shall have, use, and enjoy all the

Liberties, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Powers, and Authorities granted to the said Company by

any Letters Patent, or Act of Parliament, as fully as any other Member of the said Company can have or

enjoy the fame, having taken the Oath prescribed in and by the said Act; such British SubjeA, upon such

Admission, paying or tendering, or causing to be paid or tendered, for such his Admission, for the Use of the

said Company, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and no more; any Thing in any Letters Patent to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. 4 And whereas the Annual or other Meeting of the said Company for the Election of Officers, and '

4 the General and other Courts of the said Company for making Bye-laws and other Purposes, are now re-

4 quired to be holden by or in the Presence of the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company for

4 the Time being, or one of them : And whereas it may be impossible or inconvenient for either the Go-

4 vernor, or the Deputy Governor, of the said Company for the Time being, to be present at all and fin-

4 gular the Meetings and Courts of the said Company For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being to supply the

Place of the Governor and Deputy Governor of the find Company, and of each of them, in their Absence,

as well at the Annual or other Meeting of the said Company, for the Election of Officers, as at the General

and other Courts of the said Company for making Bye-laws, and all other Purposes whatsoever, and at

every or any such Meeting or Court, fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that

all Elections and all other Acts had, done, and made, and the affixing or ordering to be affixed the Seal of

the said Company to all and every such Act and Acts by the Treasurer, in the Absence of the Governor and

Deputy Governor of the fard Company for the Time being, and by the said Company or the major Part of

them present at any such Meeting or Court, shall be, and is and are hereby made and declared valid and ef-

fectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever ; any Thing in any Letters Patent, or in the said recited Act

of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the

County of Middlesex \ and for shutting up the present Foot Path leading through the Church Yard, and

making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-

commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on

Board any of his Majesty’s Ships, and residing in Ireland.

Preamble.

31 Geo. a.c, 10.

3 Geo, 3. c. 16.

a6 Geo. 3. c. 63.

31 Geo. 3. c.33.

and

32 Geo. 3, c, 34.

recited*

4 IT 7 HERE AS an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kihg George

4 W the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy; and

4 for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages ; and for

4 enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for

4 preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments : And also another Act, passed in the third Year of

4 the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Cojnmifficners or Governors of the Royal

4 Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Extences thereof to provideforfuch Seamen

4 zoom out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said

4 Hospital; and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted the?n by the said Commissioners or Go-

4 vernor s in the most ccfy and convenient Manner ; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame :

4 And also another Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

4 Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other

4 Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of his Majestfs Ships : And also

4 another Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

4 explaining and amending an Act, passed in the thirty ffrjl Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

4 the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy ; and for ejla~

44 biffing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages ; and for enabling

44 them more easily and readily to remit the Jame for the Support of their I Fives and Families; and for pre-

44 venting Frauds and Abuses attending such Paymentsand for further extending the Benefits thereof to

4 Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commisstoned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have

4 served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships : And also another Act, passed in the said thirty-second Year of

4 the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the

4 twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for the further preventing Frauds

44 and Abuses attending the Payment cf Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of

44 Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of his Majestfs Shipsand for further extending the Benefits

1 4 thereof

