A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 34.—36. 135

mentof the Amount to which the said Monies shall then be reduced; and that forthwith, cn the same Day on fa, 11 belefs than

whichaiTy such Certificate, containing such Statement as aforesaid, shall be presented to the said Auditor at 600,cool, the

the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Auditor shall make out a proper Debenture, directing the Payment of Drfic,tncy to be

such Sum of Money as it shall appear by such Certificate the said Balance shall be reduced under six hundred ^atVh^t^fthe

thousand Pounds, which said Sum of Money shall be forthwith, on the same Day, issued and paid out of any ra;a i0c,ocol.

Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the

current Year, or of any preceding Year, or out of any Monies arising from the Surplus of the Consolidated

Fund, which may remain at the End of any Quarter for the Disposition of Parliament; and every such De-

benture being carried to the Clerk of the Pells, shall be forthwith recorded in the usual Method in which De-

bentures are by him recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers, on whom any such Debenture shall be

charged, shall, upon the fame being presented to him or them, immediately pay, or cause to be paid, to the

said Cashier or Cashiers, the Sum contained in such Debenture accordingly: And in case, after the Repay- '

ment of any Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, the faulBalance shall at any Time be again

further reduced, in such Cafe, as often as the fame shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manner

be repaid, out of the Remainder of the said five hundred thousand Pounds, to the said Governor and Coin-

E, as shall, together with the Sum or Sums before repaid, be equal to the whole Sum by which the said

ice shall be leis than the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall continue to be issued and paid to b®

to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Sum for Charges of Management of the Pub- fpJnt t*f the*

lick Debt, at the Rate of four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, for each Million of the Capital, and publick Debt,

at the fame Rate for all the Annuities for Terms of Years, valuing the Annuities at twenty-five Years Pur- at acatainRa’te*

chafe, as usual, to make a nominal Capital.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness

the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny competent Witnesses.

WHEREAS Persons convicted of Grand Larceny are by their Punishment restored to their

Credit as Witnesses, but ferlons convicted of Petty Larceny are rendered and remain wholly in-

4 competent to be examined as WitnessesBe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Person shall be an incompetent Witness by reason

of a Conviction for Petty Larceny.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and

Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone

any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, readmeasured, marked*

and nailed.

4 \XT HEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of King William Preamble,

4 ▼ V the Third, intituled, An All for the better Admeajurcment of Keels and Keel Boats in the Port of & 7 Gu!. j.

c Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging, it is amongst other Things enacted, That Commis- c# I0> Iccl“d*

4 (ioners shall from Time to 'Lime be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcftbrs, for theadmea-

4 Turing and marking all and every the Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and

4 Carts used, or in any Time hereafter to be used, for the Carriage of Coals in the Port of Neiucajile upon

4 Tyne, Sunderland upon the River IVeare, Culler-coats, Seaton, Sluice, Blythnook, and all other Places

4 within the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, and all and every the Members, Havens, Rivers,

4 Creeks, and Places whatsoever, to the said Port of Newcastle and Counties aforesaid belonging; and that

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause all and every of the said Keel Boats,

4 Wains, and Carts, to be admeasured accordingly, and the said Keels and Boats so admeasured to be

4 marked and nailed on each Side the Stem and Stern, and A'Jidship thereof, or otherwise, as they the said

4 Commissioners, or any three of them, in their Discretions, shall direct; and the said Wains and Carts to

4 be marked and nailed on the Head and Sides of the said Wains Carts, or otherwise, as the said Com-

4 missioners, or any three of them, shall direct; and that every Keel, Boat, Wain, or Cart, which shall

4 carry any Coals in any of the Places aforesaid before they shall be admeasured, marked, and nailed as

4 aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the Coals that shall be laden upon them;, and that in case,

4 after the admealuring, marking, and nailing of any Keel, Boat, Wain, or Cart, the Mark shall be re-

4 moved or altered, whereby to frustrate the Intent and Meaning of this Act, that every Person or Persons

that shall have a Hand in, or be privy to, the doing thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds:

4 And

Preamble.

Terfins con-

vits cd of Prty

Laiceny to be

competent Wit-

nefles.

