i66

For giving No-

tice of the Time

of chusing

Dire£ors.

For chusing a

1 hairman and

Deputy Chair-

man.

For chusing new

Dierflora in

Cafes of Death

or Avoidance of

the Office.

For chusing a

Chairman and

Deputy Chair-

man of the Court

of Diieflors, in

Cafes of Death

or Avoidance of

the Office.

Eleflirns and

Bulinels to be

determined by

Majority of

Votes.

Members of the

Company to

have Votes ac-

cording to the

Number of thtir

Shates.

Direflors to

take an Oatfi.

No Person to

have a Vote in

the Election of

Direflors, or

making of Bye

Laws, but Pro-

prietors*

C. 5£. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

the Persons to be elcdlcd Directors at the then next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them^

{hall be fworh into their respective Offices.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Day and Days, Time and Times, when any Elec-

tien is to be made of a Director or Directors of and for the said Company shall be given and published in

the London Gazette, by such Person or Persons as are hereby impowered to summon a Court to make

such Election respectively, fourteen Days at least before any such Election shall be made.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon and after every such annual Election of thirteen Directors,

and the said new Directors, or the major Part of them, shall be duly sworn in, they the said new Directors,

or the major Part of them, shall, at their first Meeting, elect and choose two of their own Number to be

,a Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Court of Directors, who shall continue in their respective

Offices until the Persons so to be elected Directors at the next ensuing General Election, or the major Part

of them, shall be sworn into their respeciive Offices.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or other Avoidance of the Office of Director or Di-

rectors of the said Company for the Time being, or any of them, the Survivors of them, or the major Part of

those remaining in their Offices, shall and may at any Time, upon fourteen Days Notice at least to be

given in the London Gazette as aforesaid, assemble together the Members of the said Company; and the

Members of che said Company so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall and may then and there elect

and choose some other Person or Persons, qualified as herein is directed, in the Room and Stead of the

Person or Persons then dead, or whose Office or Offices shall have otherwise become void; and that the

Person or Persons so to be chosen shall continue in such Office or Offices respetively until the Person or

Persons to be elected Directors at the next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them, shall be

sworn into their respective Offices.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or other Avoidance of the Office of Chairman

or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors of the said Company, the Survivors or others of the said

Directors for the Time being shall and may, at any Court of Directors to be summoned and held for that

Purpose, as herein-before is mentioned, proceed to the Election of one or two of their own Number to be

a Chairman or Deputy Chairman, as the Cafe may be ; and that the Chairman or Deputy Chairman so

to be elected shall continue in his or their Office or respective Offices until the Persons to be elected Direc-

tors at the then next ensuing General Election, or the major Part of them, shall be sworn into their respec-

tive Offices.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Elections of a Director or Directors of the said Company, or

any of them, and all Matters and Things, in all General Courts to be holden of the said Company, shall

be made, done, and determined by the Majority of the Votes of the Members of the said Company, who

shall be present at such Elections.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Election of Directors, or any of them, in any General

or other Court, which shall beholden of the said Company, every Member thereof who shall vote at such

General or other Court, and shall, at the Time of such General or other Court, have, in his or her own

Name and Right, one or two Share or Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no

more, shall (by Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to one Vote; and every Member of the

said Company who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own

Name and Right, three or four Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no more,

shall (by Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to two Votes; and every Member of the said

Company who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own Name

and Right, five, fix, or seven Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no more, shall

(by Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to three Votes; and every Member of the said Com-

pany who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own Name and

Right, eight or nine Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and no more, shall (by

Reason and in Right thereof) have and be entitled to four Votes ; and every Member of the said Company

who shall vote at any such General or other Court, and shall then have, in his or her own Name and

Right, ten or more Shares in the then Capital Joint Stock of the said Company shall (by Reason and in

Right of such Shares) have and be entitled to five Votes ; but that no Member of the said Company shall

have or be entitled to give, at any General or other Court of the said Company, more than five Votes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person to be elected into the Office of a Director of the said

Company shall be capable.of acSling in the said Office, until he shall have taken an Oath, in Form or to the

Effecft following, (videlicet:)

44 T A. B. do faithfully promise and swear, That in the Office of Director of the Sierra Leone Company I

“ A wiH give my best Advice and Assistance for the Support and good Government of the said Company,

44 and that I will faithfully and honestly demean myself, and execute the said Office according to the best of

44 my Skill and Understanding.

44 So help me GOD.’*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person, except such joint Proprietor as hereafter mentioned,

shall give any Vote for the Election of Directors, or any of them, or for or concerning the making oftBye

Laws, or any other Matters relating to the Affairs or Government of the said Company, at any General

or other Court, who shall not then have, in his or her own Name and Rijjlit, and for his or her own Ule,

and not in Trult for any other Person, one Share at least in the Capital Joint Stock of the said

Company.

13 XVII. And

