Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III

C. 74, 447

A.D. 1793.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part

■ of Great Britain called Scotland.—[17th "June 1793.]

WHEREAS the Regulations introduced by the A<3$, made in the twenty*third and thirtieth Years

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors ?nore equal and expedi-

tious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, having in general been found useful and beneficial to the

,c. Publick, it is proper that they should, with such Variations and Amendments as Experience hath suggested,

.be continued, and that other and farther Regulations should be made for attaining the fame salutary Ends

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Sequestrations already awarded,

or that shall at any Time prior to the Commencement of this Act be awarded under the Authority of the

laid two Acts, or either of them, shall be carried on to a Conclusion, and the Estates thereby lequestrated

shall be managed and divided in the Manner, and according to the Rules prescribed by the said Acts, uitlefs

the Court of Session, upon Cause shewn, shall order the Sequestration to be renewed under this present Act,

' which shall commence from and immediately after the passing thereof.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions and Qiieftions arising upon the Con-

llrudion and Efted of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and

ninety-six. Chapter five, intituled, An All for declaring Notour Bankrupts, when the Debtor is out of Scot-

land., or not liable to be imprisoned by realon of Privilege, or personal Protection, a Charge of Horning exe-

cuted against him, together with either an Arrestment of any of his Effects not looled or discharged within

fifteen Days, or a Poinding executed of any of his Moveables, or a Decree of Adjudication of any Part of

his Estate, for Payment or Security of Debt, shall, when joined with Insolvency, be sufficient Proof of No-

tour Bankruptcy, and from and after the last Step of such Diligence, the said Debtor, if insolvent, shall be

holden and deemed a Notour Bankrupt; and every Person, whether he be out of Scotland or not, whole

Estate shall be sequestrated under the Authority of this present Act, shall also be holden and deemed a No-

tour Bankrupt in all Questions upon the said Act of one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, from and

after the Date of the fix ft Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding the Sequef-

tration.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a Debtor is made Notour Bankrupt in

Terms of the said Act made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, as now extended, all Ar-

reftments which shall have been used for attaching any Effects of such Bankrupt within sixty Days prior to

the Bankruptcy, or within four Calendar Months thereafter, shall be ranked, pari paj]'uy in the same Manner

as if such Arrestments had been of the fame Date; and that in Time coming. Letters or Precepts of Arrest-

ment bearing to be upon a depending Action may be granted summarily, upon Production of the libelled

Summons, and it shall be no Objection to the paripaffu Preference hereby established, that the Summons

upon which any Arrestment proceeds was not executed, or that the Debt upon which it is founded was not

liquidated at the Date of the Arrestment; provided always, that these and all other necessary Steps are af-

terwards taken without any undue Delay; and in case the first or any subsequent Arrester shall in the mean-

time have obtained a Decree of Forthcoming or Preference, and thereupon have recovered Payment, he shall

nevertheless be accountable for the Sum recovered to those who, by virtue of this Act, may be eventually'

found to have a pari passu Preference thereon, and shall be liable to an Action at their Instance, for Payment

to them proportionally, after allowing out of the Fund the Expence of making it effectual; and further pro-

viding, that if there be any Arrestments used for attaching the fame Effects dfter the Period of four Months

subsequent to the Bankruptcy, such Arrestments shall not complete with those used prior to the Period afore-

said, but may rank with one another, according to the former Law and Practice.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Arrestment executed at the Market Cross of

Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith, to attach the Effects of the Debtor, as in the Hands of a Person out

of Scotland, shall not be held to have interpelled such Person from paying to the original Creditor, unless

Proof be made that he or those having Authority to act for him were previovifly in the Knowledge of such

Arrestment having been so used.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in fixture the Messenger or other Officer employed

in executing a Poinding for Debt, shall leave in the Hands of the Debtor a Schedule of the poinded Goods,

and Note of the appraised Values, (one Appraisement being in every Cafe sufficient,) and shall forthwith re-

port his Execution of Poinding to the Sheriff', or other Judge Ordinary, who shall give Directions for felling

the Goods poinded by publick Roup, after such Publication, and at such l ime and Place as Circumstances

may require, any Person who intromits with or carries off the Goods in the meantime, in order to disappoint

the Poinding, bein<* liable in Double the appraised Value thereof; and the nett Sum arising from the Sale, after

Deduction of all Charges, or the Goods, in case no Offerers appear, shall be delivered over to the poinding

Creditor, a Note or Minute of the Transaction being kept by the Cleik, to be made patent to all concerned,

for a Fee of one Shilling.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a Person has been rendered Notour Bank-

rupt as aforesaid, no Poinding of the Moveables belonging to such Bankrupt used withm sixty Days before

33 Geo. JII. 3 tv I the

23 Geo. 11 r.

Cap. t8.; and

30 Geo, III.

Cap. j, recitedr

Sequestration*

awarded under

the recited Acts

to be followed

out, unless re-

newed underi hi*

Act.

Act of Scotland

of 1696 ex-

tended to Per-

fons. Abroad, Sec.

Pari paftu Prc*

feience of Ar-

reftrr.ents in

certain Cafes.

Arrestments at

Market Croft,

&c, no fuffei-nt

Interpellation.

Poinded Goods

to he sold by

Roup.

Pari pa&i Pre*

ferenceot Poind*

ings n certain

Circumftiacci.

