The TITLES of

150. An Act for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and

maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the

Market Place in New Sleaford, to and through the Town

of Anwicky in the County of Lincoln \ and for making

publick the Drove Road from the said T own of Anwick to

Kyme Prate Grounds, and for making a Road from thence

to join the present Road near North Kyme T own ; and for

widening, turn ng, altering, repairing, and maintaining

the Road leading from thence through the said Town of

North Kyme, near Billinghay Dales, to the River JVitham,

and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said

River to the Town of Tatterjhall\ in the said County of

Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the JVitham, at,

or near to, Tattcrshall Ferry.

i. An A & to continue the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the

Road from the West End of Saint Ive’s Lane* in the

Town of Saint Ncots, in the County of Huntingdon, to

the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of

Cambridge.

152. An Adtfor repairing and widening the Road from the

Moot Hall in JVirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading

from Derby to Braftington, at, or near to, a Place called

The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland JVard\ and also the

Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road

leading from the Cross Post on JVidsworth Moor to Mat-

lock Bathy at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House,

in the Township of JVirksworth aforesaid, all in the

County of Derby»

153. An Act for repairing, widening, diverting, and im-

proving, the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and

also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County

of Stafford; and also the Road from Stafford to Newport,

in the County of Salop.

154. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the

Powers of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present

Majesty, amending, widening, and altering the Road

from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross

Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the

City of Hereford and Ross, and other Roads therein de-

ferred, with respect to certain Parts of the Roads com-

prized in the said Act.

155. An Act for continuing the Terms, and altering, en-

larging, and consolidating, the Powers of two Acts of Par-

liament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fc-

venteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and

near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset.

therein described; and also for repairing, widening, and

altering several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset

and I Vi Its.

156. An Act to continue the Terms of two several Acts,

passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widen-

ing the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County

of Huntingdon, through Fenftanton, and Cambridge, to

the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the

County a/'Cambridge.

157. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

ro vers of t wo Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the

Reign of his late Maicfty King George the Second, and

the iVventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called

Sacred Gate, on the South-east Side of the Town of

the STATUTES.

Hedony in the East Riding of the County of York, throu^

the said Town, to Hull North Bridge; and for amending

the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Jf^yton Holmes,

through the Townships of JVyton and Sproatley, to the

Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor Housey

in the fame Riding.

158. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more

effediual, an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing certain Roads in

the County of Perth, and for malting and repairing the

Road from Crieff toward Stirling and Alio a y and other

Roads in the said County.

159. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Selby Ferry in the Parish of Hemingbrough, to the T own

of Market JVeighton, in the East Riding of the County of

York.

160. An Act for completing, repairing, and maintaining,

the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dun-

das, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading

from the City of Glasgow to Garfcube Bridge, by Dobbie's

Loan, in the County of Lanark.

161. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, en-

larging, and consolidating the Powers of two Acts of Par-

liament, passed in the twenty- first and twenty-seventh

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to

Kirk Merrington, in the County of Durham, and from

thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the

fame County.

162. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from the North End of Marsh Lane, in

Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish

of Orleflone, near Stockbridgey in Romney Marsh, in the

said County.

163. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two

Acts of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, and the ninth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High

Roads Jrom Dunglass Bridge, to the Taivn of Haddington,

and from thence io Revcnfhaugh Bum, in the County of

Haddington ; and for making, amending, altering, widciv

ing, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said

Roads, within the said County.

164. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for the more effectual repairing, wideningy and amend-

ing the Road from a Place called Earl’s Kill, in Warring-

ton, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the

County of Lancaster.

16^. An Act for making, amending, diverting, and widen-

ing the Roads leading from West Harptry to the Bath and

IVtdls Turnpike Road at Markfbury, and from Stowey to

Chew Ma^na, and from West Harptry to the Bath Turn-

pike Road at Emborow, and from West Harptry to Fore-

crossy in the Parish of Churchill, and from fVeft Harptry

to the Blue Bowl Inn in Compton Martin, and from Her-

rington to the Town of JVrington, and from the Nine

Elms, at North JVidcombe, to Coley, in the County of So-

merfet.

166. An Act for making aftd maintaining a commodious

Carriage Road from the Town of Bawtry, to the Town

of Selby, in the Weft Riding of the County of Yor k.

167. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Roads leading h orn IVornborne to Prince's End \

and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penny

and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from

JVoherharnpton to Stourbridge; and from Chitt's Grave to

or

