i88

No AiHon to

be hr ought

agjtnlt any Per-

son who shall

indorse such

Warrant.

Preamble.

]/) Geo.j* c. 56.

recited.

A-ucVioneer*

giving Notice of

bates agreeable

to the recited

A6*, (halt, with-

in the Times

herein specified,

deliver Declara-

tiens on Oath,

wnetherthe

Sales took

place, &ic«

50I, Penalty for

every Neglect«

Application of

Penalties

C. 11, 12. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1792.

are reflectively hereby authorized and impowered, by Indorsement upon such Warrant, to commit such Of-

fender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, or Place where

such Warrant shall be executed, according to the Lx'gcncy of such Warrant, there to remain until delivered

by due Courle of Law.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action of Trespass, false Imprison-

tr.cnt, Information, or Indictment, or other Prosecution, shall be brought, sued, commenced, or prosecuted,

by any Person or Persons whatever against any such Commissioner or Commissioners of Excise, or Justice

or Justices who shall indorse such Warrant, for or by reason or his or their indorl'ing such Warrant: Provided

nevertheless. That such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring or prosecute his or their Action or Suit

against the Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices who originally granted such Warrant, in the fame

Manner as such Person or Persons might nave done in case this Act had not been made.

CAP. XI.

An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales have been held under the

Notices now required to be given by Law.

* XT7 HEREAS, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, every

* W Auctioneer is required, before he begins any Sale by way of Auction, to deliver, or caule to be de-

‘ Jivered, in Manner in the said ACt preferred, a Notice in Writing, signed by such /Auctioneer, specifyine

* the particular Day when such Sale by Auction is to begin, and allb a written or printed Catalogue attelled

* and signed by such Auctioneer, or his known Clerk : And whereas it is expedient that every Auctioneer

* delivering such Notice or Catalogue should be obliged to make it appear whether any Sale by way of Auc-

* tien was opened or begun, or any Article, Lot, Parcel, or Thing, was bid for or fold under such Notice or

* Catalogue be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That every Auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any

such Notice or Catalogue for a Sale by Auction, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in ,

or the Person who acted as his Clerk at such Sale, or intended Sale, shall, within twenty-eight Days after the

Day specified in such Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Auction was to be made, deliver, or

cause to be delivered, at the Chief Office of Excise in London, to the Person or Persons who shall be ap-

pointed by the Commissioners of Excise to receive the lame, a Declaration, in Writing, letting forth whe-

ther or not any Sale by way of Auction had been or was opened or begun under such Notice, or any Article,

Lot, Parcel, or Thing contained in such Catalogue was bid for or (old at such Auction; and such Auc-

tioneer, or Person acting as his Clerk, as aforesaid, shall make Oath to the Truth of such Declaration before

the Commissioners of Excise, or one of them, or before such Person as the Commissioners of Excise flull'

appoint to administer the fame j which Oath the said Commissioners of Excise, or one of them, or other

Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer; and that

every Auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to oe delivered, any such Notice or Catalogue for a Sale

by AuCtion, in any Part of Great Britain, not within the Limits of the said Chief Office, or the Person who

acted as h* Clerk at such Sale, or intended Sale, shall, within six Weeks after the Day specified in such

Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to

the Collector of Excise in whose Collection such Sale has been or was intended to be, a like Declaration in

Writing, in Manner as is herein-before required with respect to Persons felling by Auction within the Limits

of the Chief Office of Excise in London,to be verified in like Manner, on Pain that every Auctioneer shall,

for every Neglect or Refusal of delivering such Declaration, verified in the Manner herein-before prescribed,

forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any Law or

Laws of Excise, or by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; fend that one Moiety of

every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

CAP. XII.

An ACt for granting to his Majesty the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commis-

sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

* 400,0001. to be paid out of the present Yeaps Supply to the Bank, fend placed to the Account of the

“ Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and applied in the Purchafeof Redeemable An-

«* nuities. Dividends on Annuities so redeemed to be paid to the Bank, and applied by the Commissioners in

“ the Manner prescribed by *6 Geo. 3. c. 31.”

CAP.

