522

Corps Or Com-

pands of Volun-

teers to be en-

titled to pay, and

subject to Mili-

tary Discipline

cn certain Oc-

cafions j

but not to be

fr ied but by

Volunteer

Officers.

Volunteer Non-

commission Of-

ficers and Drum-

mers to be bil-

leiied.

Penalty for not

delivering up

Arm?, &c when

discharged.

Commissioned

Officers difaclcd

in Service, en-

titled to Half

Fay,

C. 29—31. Anno tricesimo quarto G e ob. gii III. A.D. 174.-

c A P. XXIX.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year on^

thousand seven hundred and ninety-fotH.—[17th jdpril 1794.J £. i,$oo,oooo.

CAP. XXX.

An* Abl for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Enterin'

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand- seven hundred and

ninety-four.—[17th Jpril X794.J

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for encouraging and efifetplining such Corps or Companies of Men, as shall

voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties Towns, or Coasts, or

for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

[i;th 1794.]

c \ T 7HEKEA8 the utmost Exertions arc now requisite for increasing the Military Force in this King-

1 W dom tic it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and*

Conic nt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aljembled, and-

by the Authority of the same, That any Corps or Companies of Volunteers who now are; or {hall here-

after be formed, in any Counties or Towns in Great Britain, during the Continuance of the present War*

under Officers having Commission from his Majesty, or from the Lieutenants of Counties, or others' who

may be specially authorized by his Majesty for that Purpose, and who {hall at any Time, on being called*

upon, by special Direction of his Majesty in case of actual Invasion, or Appearance of invasion, volun-

tarily march out of their respective Counties or Towns, <».- shall voluntarily alienable within-the fame, to*

repel such Invasion, or who shall voluntarily march on being called upon, in pursuance of an Order from-

his Majesty, or from the Lord Lieutenant or Sheriff of the County, to abl within the County or the ad-

jacent Counties, for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, {hall in such Cafes be entitled to receive Pay irr

such Manner, and at such Rates, as the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty’s Regular Forces do now re-

ceive; and {hall, during the Time of their being continued in such Service, and so receiving Pay as above*

be subjebl to Military Discipline as the Rest of his Majesty’s Regular ani Militia Troops: Provided*

always, That no Officer or Soldier of any Volunteer Corps shall bejiable to be tried or punished by any*

Court Martial at any Time, unless such Court Martial be composed entirely of Officers serving in Volun-

teer Corps, formed as aforesaid, such Court Martial to be assembled by Warrant under his Majesty’s Sign

Manual, or by Warrant from (ome General or other Officer duly authorized to hold Courts Martial.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall oc lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tirhingmen,

tteadboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tithings, and Places,

and (in their Default or Absence) for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such City,

Town, Parish, Tithing, or Place (but for no others); and they or he are or is hereby requ:red to quarter

and billet the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Corps or Companies as aforesaid,. and their

Horses, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling House*, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy,.

Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Mcthcglin, by Retail, upon Application made to any such Mayors,

Bailiffs, Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, or other Chief Magistrates or Officers, by his Majesty’s

Lieutenant, or by the Officer commanding the said Corps or Companies.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Officer commanding any such.

Corps or Company as aforesaid shall discharge from such Corps or Company any Person who shall have

been inlisted or inrolled as aforesaid ; and if such Person {hall refuse or neglect, on being required by fuclv

Commanding Officer, to deliver up any Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloathing, which shall have been en-

trusted to his Custody, every Person so refusing or neglebting shall, on being convicted thereof before

any Justice of the Peace of the County within which such Corps or Company shall have been formed, for-

feit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chat-

tels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand,

after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels shall have

been so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit

such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall have been

committed, for any Time not exceeding one Month; and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall be paid

to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed, to be

applied as Part of the Stock of such County, Riding, or Place.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That all Commissioned Officers of the said

Corps, who flvall be disabled in ablual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay; and all Non-commissioned

Officers and Soldiers so disabled, to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital j and the Widows of Commissioned

Officers killed in the Service, to a Pension for Life.

II V. And

