A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 66>

shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned, any

Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle

any Person or Persons to any Interest in such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandizes, as may be captured

by any private Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his Majesty’s Commissioners of Customs or Excise, but

that the fame Ships or Vessels, Goods and Merchandizes, so captured, shall belong to his Majesty, and be ap-

plied and disposed of in such Manner as his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, shall order and direct, after

legal Adjudication thereof.

XI. And, for the Encouragement of the Capture of small armed Ships belonging to the Enemy, be it

further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Captors to include in one Adjudication any

Number, not exceeding fix, of such small armed Ships, having a Commission or Letter of Marque from the

Enemy, not exceeding fifty Tons each, and which shall have been taken within the Space of three Months

preceding the Application to the Court of Admiralty for such Adjudication.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall entitle any private Ship or Vessel, having

a Commission for War, and which shall receive general Orders and Instructions from, and put herself under

the Convoy of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, to share in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Ships or

Vessels of his Majesty, or by such private Ship or Vessel having a Commission for War, or Letter of

Marque, whilst the said commissioned Ship or Vessel shall remain under the Care and Protection of such

Convoy, unless such private Ship or Vessel shall have received Orders from the Commander of the convoy-

ing Ship to chafe, or otherwise adi hoftilely against the Enemy, and shall have been actually aiding and assist-

ing in such Capture.

XIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes,

which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty’s Domi-

nions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restrictions and Re-

gulations to which the fame now are, or shall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this

Realm.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the granting or issuing of any

Commission or Letter of Marque, in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as hath

been usual in such Cafes ; and that previous thereto the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Se-

curity shall severally make Oath before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or Judge of

any other Court of Admiralty which shall be authorized as aforesaid, in any other of his Majesty’s Domi-

nions, or his or their Surrogates, that they the said Persons who shall become Sureties are at the Time of their

beirigfworn respectively worth more than the Sum for which they are to be bound, over and above all their

just Debts; and moreover, the Marftial for the Time being of the said High Court of Admiralty, and of any

of the said other Courts, or his Deputy, shall make diligent Inquiry, and certify him or themselves of the

Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make thereupon a Report to such Judge, or his Surrogate, before

any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall

apply to the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord

High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered

and appointed, in order to obtain any Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted or issued forth in pur-

fuance of this Act, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein let forth a particular, true, and

exact Description of the Ship or Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Maraue is requested, speci-

fying the Name and Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, what Sort of Built (he is, and the Number and Nature of

the Guns on Board the fame, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of

such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on Board the fame (all which Particulars

shall be inserted in every Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted in pursuance of this Act); and that

every Commander of a private Ship or Vessel of War^ for which a Commission or Letter of Marque shall be

granted in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission or Letter of Marque to the Collector, Cuf-

tomer, or Searcher, for the Time being, of his Majesty’s Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port from

whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector,

Customer, or Searcher •> and the Lid Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or De-

puties, shall, as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspect and examine such

Ship or Vessel, so as to ascertain the Built and Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and the Number

and Nature of the Guns on Board the fame ; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to be of

such Built and Burthen, and be manned and armed according to the Tenor of the Description inserted in such

Commission or Letter of Marque as aforesaid, or be of a greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned

in such Commission or Letter of Marque, then and not otherwise such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or

his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the Re-

quest of the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing under.his or their

Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander, which Certificate shall be deemed a necefl'ary Clearance before

such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail from that Port: And if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel,

for which any Commission or Letter of Marque shall have been granted in pursuance of this Act, shall depart

with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of Clearance before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart

from any such Port, or proceed upon a Cruize, with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Com-

mission or Letter of Marque, every such Commission or Letter of Marque shall from thenceforth be abfo-

33 Geo. III. 3 I lutely

423

Captured Ship?,

&c. belonging to

the Excise, to

belong to his

Majesty.

Small Privateers

taken from the

Enemy may be

included in one

Adjudication.

PrivateSh’ps of

War under Con-

voy of his Ma-

jesty’s Ships, not

entitled to fti.<re

Prizes taken in

that Period.

(Exception.)

Prizes to be li-

able to Duties.

Previous to

granting Letters'

of Marque, Se-

curity to be

taken.

Sureties to make

Oath of their

Sufficiency, of

which the Offi-

cer of the Court

of Admiralty is

to inquire and

report.

Applications for

Letters of

Marque to be

made in Writ-

ing, and to con-

tain the Parti-

cular* herein

specified.

Commanders of

Privateers to

produce their

Commissions to

the Officer of

the Custom? at

the Port of fit-

ting.out, who

are to examine

the Ships, and

grant Certifi-

cates of Clear-

alice.

Penalty on

Commanded

for departing

without Certifi-

cates, or with a

left Force than

