The TITLES of

f

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Arm-

ley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York. t

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain

Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called

Tilomgrafton Common, and alfocertain Common f* ields or

Dales and Pieces of Land, within the Township of

Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark,

and in the Parish of Haltwhijlle, in the County of North-

umberland.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called

Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of

Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of

Northumberland.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called

Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of Lang-

ley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of North-

umberland.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within the Manor or

Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Com-

monable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth,

in the County of Gloucester.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thoroton,

in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham.

C8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Maifemorc, in the County of Ghucefier, (except a cer-

tain Meadow called Maifemorc Ham,) and for rendering

all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly

exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and

Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in lieu

thereof.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons,

Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor

of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, in

the County of Surrey.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and

1 Wastes within the Manor of Mafnarn and Majharnfire, in

the North Riding of the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons or Waste Lands within the Town, Manor, or

Lordship of Weaver ham, in the County of Ghester.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in

the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt

Marlhcs, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within

the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Mileomb, in the

County of Oxford.

75. An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of Richard Martin

^Esquire, with Elizabeth Vejey his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned* .4

the STATUTES.

76. An Act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz*

77. An Act for naturalizing David' Berguer.

78. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius.

79. An Act for impowering the Committees,or Committee,

for the Time being, of the Estate of the Mod Noble Anna

Eliza Duchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of

her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

80. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a

Partition and Division between William Tloomas Darby

Esquire, and Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, of divers

Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, (heretofore the Estate

of Richard Jackson Esquire, decealed,) in the several

Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Afiddlfex, and the

City of London, and for limiting and settling the specificlc

Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Division,

were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein

mentioned.

81. An Act to enable Sir Henry Bridgeman Baronet, and,

after his Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leaies of

his settled Estates at or near Bolton in Lee Mooresy in the

County of Lanca/ler, for long Terms of Years.

82. An Act to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the

County of Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants in Fee,

and also to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the

Township of Bolton le Moors, in the said County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willoughby

on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the

Parish or Lordship of ueneborough, in the County of

Leicester.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priejl-

cliff, in the Parish of Blakrwell, and County of Derby.

86. An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of Edward Brown

Esquire, with Susannah Sulley, his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

87. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Cal-

vcrlcy John Beiuickc Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, other-

wife Mary Eliza Vaughan his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

88. An Act for enabling Richard William Howard Tyfe, an

Infant Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of

the Estate of the Mod Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk

with Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire,

89. An Act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and

otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds in the

Parish of Brotherton, in the West Riding of the County of

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindony

in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Stafford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, within

the Township of Knottingley, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Uantcrrcs,

in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of

Flint.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Com-

mon

