i

\

l

f

)

3^8 C. 44. 46. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Protestant Chil-

dren, &c.

tl Sc 12 Gul.

III. Cap. a*

I Am*, Scff. u

Cap. fti.

Chaplain, Pedagogue, Teacher, Tutor or Curator, Chamberlain or Factor, to any Child or Children

of Protestant Parents, or to be otherwise employed in their Education, ortheTruftor Management of

their Affairs, or to be Schoolmaster, Professor, or publick Teacher of any Science, to any Person or Persons

whomsoever, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanlury, in the County of Wor-

ccjhr> and for repairing the Paid Church, and rendering the fame more commodious for the Pari (hi oners.

[30th April 1793.]

CAP. XLV I.

An Act for vesting in his Majesty certain forfeited Estates in Ireland, subject to the Dif-

position of the Parliament of Ireland.—[7th June 1793.]

4 TT THERE AS by an Act, passed in the Parliament of England, in the eleventh and twelfth Year of

4 VV King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited

4 and other Estates and Inter ejh in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein men-

4 Boned, it was enabled, That all the Honours, Manors, Lands, Pollcflioris, and Hereditaments, within

4 the Realm of Ireland, whereof any Person or Persons who flood convicted or attainted of Treason since the

4 thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or who should be convicted of

4 Treason before the last Day of Trinity Term one thousand leven hundred and one, or who flood convibled

4 of Treason by reason of being found by Inquilition to have died, or been flaiti, in actual Rebellion, since

4 the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand lix hundred and eighty-eight, was or were seised or pof-

4 fefl' or interested in, or infilled td, on the thirteenth.Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-

4 eight, or at any Time since, in their own Right, or to their own Uie, or whereof any other Person or Per-

4 fons was or were seized or poflclled or interested in, to the Use of or in Trust for them, or any of them, on

4 the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or at any Time since, or

4 whereof the late King James the Second, or any in Trust for him, or to his Use, was foiled or possessed, or

4 interested in, at the Time of his Accellion to the Crown of England, should be vested in certain Trustees,

4 in the said A& named, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon Trust. and to the End

4 that the fame might be fold and disposed of, to and for fuchUfes as are exprtfled and declared by the said

4 Abl: And whereas the faidTrustees did, pursuant to the said Act, sell and dispose of a very considerable

c Part of the Estates and Possessions thereby in them vested, and some Part thereof then remaining unfold, by

4 an A& passed in the second Scffiori of a Parliament holden in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anney in-

4 tituled. An AtI for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for veiling such as remain uru*

in Ireland

U 22 Geo.

111.

fore the four-and-twenlieth Day of June one, thousand seven hundred and three, should be 'vested in herMa-

4 jesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes intended by the former Act, and subject to such*

4 Orders and Appointments as should be given by Authority of the Parliament of England in that Behalf:

4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years*

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending certain of the Provisions contained in on

4 Act, intituled,44 An Act confirming all the Statutes made in England,*” it is enabled, That all Statutes thereto-

4 fore made in England ox Great Britain, for the settling and afi’uring the forfeited Estates in Irelandy shall be

4 accepted here, and executed in Ireland, according to the present Tenor thereof respectively : And whereas

4 some Parts of the said forfeited Estates still remain undisposed of, and it hath been found expedient that the

4 fame should be vested in his Majesty, subjebl xo such Orders and Appointments as should be given respect-

4 ing the fame, by Authority of the Parliament of Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Ext*

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons*,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Honours, Manors, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, Revcrficns, Remainders, Services, Possessions, Hereditaments, Estates, and Interests

vof what Nature or Kindjoever, within the Kingdom of Ireland, which stand so Vested as aforesaid in his Ma^

jesty, and remain so as aforesaid unfold and undisposed of, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be

vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, discharged from any Orders cr Appointments to be given by

Authority of the Parliament of Great Britain, and subjebtto such Orders, Appointments* and Diipciition as

shall be given or made respecting the fame by the Parliament of Ireland*

JUhtes, &c» in

Ireland veiled in

his Majesty, dif-

charged iff m

any Orders

the Parlianr cnt

of Great Britain,

and subject to

the Orders of

the Parliament of Ireland.

A& not to a veld II. Provided alwayS, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat or

any Lc^ie here- avoid any Lease of the said Lands, or any Part thereof, heretofore lawfully mado.

toiorc made. . ’ 6

CAP.

