3°

Orders to be

numbered aiith-

metically.

Clauses of Malt

A& to extend

to this Act, ex-

cept such as

charge the

Loans, &c.

Treasury may

dir«& new Or-

ders to be made

out in lieu of

such as may be

defaced, &c«

Treasury may

reward Persons

employed in the

Execution of

this Act,

If Supi lies be

not granted for

Payment of Or-

ders, they shall

be paid out of

the Ctnfolidat-

Fund.

Money issued

from Consolidat-

Fund.to be re-

placed out of the

rft Supplies,

Persons forging

Order?, See. to

fjflfer Death.

C. 34. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Orders directed to be made out for the

Purposes in this Act mentioned, shall be numbered in an Arithmetical Order, beginning with Number One,

and so proceeding in an Arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall

always be One, and shall be registered accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in an Act made and

parted in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Du-

ties upon Malty Mu?n, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety,

(except such Clauses as charge the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the said Act, and

except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit

of the said Act, and except the Directions for making forth Tallies for Loans made out) shall be applied and

extended to the Orders which shall be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefect

Act.

VII. Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Orders

made forth by virtue or this Act shall be filled up by Writing or Indorsements thereon, or by any Accident be

defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury,or any three or more of them, or

the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorised and impowered by his or their

Direction, from Time to Time, to cause new Orders to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in

lieu of such Orders which (halhbe so filled up or defaced, which Orders so filled up or defaced, shall be can-

celled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Purpose; and such Orders

so to be made forth in lieu thereof /hall, in all Respects, be subject to the same Rules, Methods, and Conti-

nuance, an J have and be intitled to the fame and like Benefits and Advantages, and bear the fame Numbers,

Dates, and principal Sums, as was or were borne by such Order or Orders so cancelled.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any of the Aids

or Supplies to be granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Years one thousand seven hundred and ninety,

one thousand seven hundred and ninety* one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, one thousand (even hundred

and ninety-five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or out of such iMonies as shall or may remain in the Ex-

chequer, of the Consolidated Fund, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury,

or any three or more of them, or the High T reafurer for the Time being, to reward such Person or Persons

that shall or may be in any Ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Labour, Pains, and Ser-

vice, therein respectively; and to satisfy and discharge such incidental Charges and Expences as shall necefia-

rily attend the Execution of the fame, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any

three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from 'Lime to Time think fit and rea-

sonable in that Behalf.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case sufficient Aids or Supplies shall not be

granted before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or before the fifth Day

of April in each subsequent year, before the Whole of the said Orders, herein directed to be made forth, are

satished and paid off, with Interest for the feme, then such Sum as should or ought to be satisfied and paid

pursuant to this Act, in Part of the principal Sum of such Orders, together with the Interest that shall then

have become due, shall be charged upon such Monies as, at any Time after the said fifth Day of April in each

Year, shall be or remain in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Confo-

lidated Fund as are appropriated to any Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and

such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund, shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the fame can be

regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off such Instalment or Instalments, and the Interest

due and payable on the several Orders, according to the Directions of this Act; any Act or Acts of Par-

liament, or any Clause or Clauses in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with (land ing.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be lb

issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the

first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or

counterfeit any Order, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, before the feme shall have

been pa'SLolf and cancelled, or any Order to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this Act, or any In-

dorfementvor Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeit Order,

Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Person or Persons to be appointed

to'pyt <j>ff the fame, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or any of them, then every such Person or Persons

so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in

Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP.

