442

C. 70.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III

27 Oeo.III.

13. rtciteJ.

Recited AO, so

as lelaits 10

*■' IV *vw alice fox

Damage of Figs,

repealed 3

ard aKo the Du-

ties on Importa-

tien and Draw-

backs on Expor-

tation of Fig% in

lieu of which

they shall be as

follow :

Doty and Draw-

back,

A Doty of 7

6s. xid. per

Cwt. to be paid

©n Importation,

and a Drawback

A.D. 1793-*

CAP. LXX. . ' -

An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing'

other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation,

and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for em-

powering the Com mi Alone is of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Al-

lowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the

Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to fell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to pri-

vate Persons, to be used as Privateers. — [17th June 1793*]

6 IU hi E R E A S by an Act, pa {fed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 VV intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cti/loms and Excise, and granting other Duties

4 in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue-r

4 for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the

4 European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies,.

4 remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Keduftion of the National Debt \

4 it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, on which spe-

4 cifick Duties are payable by the said Act, according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, orMeafure thereof, and

4 which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from Foreign Parts after the tenth Day of May one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, (except Wine, Tobacco, Raifms, and Currants,) shall receive

4 any Damage by Salt Water, or otherwise, during the Course of the Voyage, after such Goods, Wares, or

4 Merchandize, shall have been laden or shipped in Foreign Parts, and before the fame shall be unshipped or

4 discharged from the Ship or Vessel in which they shall have been imported into Great Britain, so that the

4 Owner thereof shall be prejudiced in the Sale of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the principal Offi-

c cers of the Customs, or any two of them, (whereof the Collector for the Time being shall be one,) the

4 Proof of such Damage being first ascertained in the Manner required by Law, and immediately before the

4 tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall have Power to choofetwo indifferent

4 Merchants, experienced in the Values of such Gpods, Wares, or Merchandize, who, upon viewing the

4 fame, shall certify and declare, upon their Corporal Oaths, first administered by the said Officers, who are

4 hereby authorized and impowered to administer the fame, what Damage such Goods, Wares, or Merchan-

4 dize have received, and how much the lame arc leffencd in their true Value, according to such Damage, in

relation to the Duties set on them in the Schedule thereunto annexed, marked (A) ; and thereupon thepro-

4 per Officers shall and they are thereby authorized and required to makca just, reasonable, and proportion-

4 able Allowance to the Merchant, by Way of Return or Repayment out of the Duties due, and which shall

4 have been actually paid for the fame : And whereas frequent Disputes do arise between the Officers of the

4 Customs and the Merchants, in adjusting the Allowance in regard to Figs; it having been found by Ex-

4 perience extremely difficult to distinguith what Damage such Goods have received by unavoidable Acci-

' dents in the Coui fe of the Voyage, from the Decay they are liable to by heating, if of an inferior Quality,

4 or packed in bad Condition, before they are {hipped in Foreign Parts ; which has put the Merchants trad-

1 ing in that Commodity at different Ports of this Kingdom upon an unequal Footing, and been prejudicial

4 to the Publick RevenueNow, for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said herein-before recited Act, so far as the fame re-

lates to making any Allowance for Damage (by Way of Return or Repayment out of the Duties) on Figs,

shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, made void, and shall no longer be putin Practice, any Thing in the

Lid Ad to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. 4 And whereas, in Consideration'of the said recited Act being repealed, as to the Allowance for Da-

4 mage on Figs, it may he reasonable to make the Merchants importing Figs a Complication (for the Allow-

4 alice they would have been entitled to) by lowering the Duties on the Importation of Figs;’ be it there-

fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Duties to be

paid on the Importation, and the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of Figs by virtue of the said

recited Act, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed, (except as to the Recovery and Payment of Arrears,)

and instead and in lieu thereof the Duties on the Importation, and the Drawbacks on the Exportation of

Figs shall be respectively as follows (videlicet) :

Duty. Drawback.

S• d. S» d>

If imported in a Britif-built Ship—the Hundred Weight - - - 100 9 2

If imported in a Foreign Ship—the Hundred Weight - - - -10 6 92

III. 4 And whereas by the said recited Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

4 Majesty, a Duty of seven Pounds six Shillings and eleven Pence per Hundred Weight is imposed upon

4 the Importation, and a Drawback of six Pounds twelve Shillings and eleven Pence per Hundred Weight is

4 allowed on the Exportation of Virginal Wire of Brass ; And whereas it is expedient that the like Duty

13 4 should

