S5®

J m?v <Hf-

ch-»rpe Appren-

tice? vi k lc Maf-

t<r> cannor em-

ploy or m:inain

ti:etn.

Not ro expend to

Appr^n ice«

v irh whom mo-e

than 51. shall tc

gW-Jlt

No Indo^emeot

C>n Hariifi lndtfl-

tu*e* to be liable

to St..nv> Du'y,

»nd no o'her I o-

fl'u rents to be

ch Ji ye 1 higher

than ‘h-'Dutyon

Faifii luc.en-

tires.

ao Gej. » c. 19.

rcci.cd.

Justices dif-

•.harging any

Apprentite un-

der the lait re-

cited AS, may

order his Clothes

to be delive  ,

®p, ani a Suna

not exceeding

7ol. to be paid

%i»e Parish Offi-

cers for placing

him out a^ain,

*c.

and may comp *1

the Parish Ofii-

cers to tn er ir> o

Kecogn'Zince to

yri>f.'cute Maf-

ters for 1) 1

Treatment of

Apprentices, &c.

Jufi’ce* mav or-

der any Ma^er

con^ibted under

the lift ieche4

AS, ywher. li-

able to takr a

Vanfn Appren-

tice, to p^y t’

the Parish Offi-

«ei s a Sum not

exceedu g 10I.

nor lets than cl.

for the hurpnle

of binding out

Uc Child, dec.

C. 57. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.TX 1792.

VIII. 4 And whereas no express Provision his been ma^je for the discharging of any such Parish Appren^

* tice from a Master or Mistress who is become insolvent, or is lb far reduced in his or her Circumstances as

4 to be unable to employ or maintain such Apprentice ;* be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fur

two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding, Divifton, or Place where any such Mailer or

Miftreis shall live, on the Application of such Matter or Mi ft rds requesting that any such Apprentice

may be discharged, for the Reasons aforesaid, to enquire into the Matter of such Allegations, and t<*

cbfehaige any Inch Apprentice from h:s Appumiceship, in case the said two Justices shall find such Alle-

gvuiens to be true.

IX. Pjovided always, and be it enacted, That nothing hereir.-before contained shall extend, or be con-

ftrued to exteu i, to the Indenture made on the binding of any Apprentice, by the Churchwardens or Over-

seers of the Poor of any Parish or Place, or the major Part of then, under ani by virtue of the Powers

given to them by the Statute made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the case of

any inch Rinding, where a larger Sum than live Pound? ftuli be given, but that such Binding shall be fubjccl

and liable to the like Rules and Regulations as they would have been ful jed and liable to iivcafc this Act bad

not been made.

X. Provided also, and be it ennded, Tint no InJorfement or Irilarfements on any Parish Indenture of

Apprenticeship herein-before mentioned, made or executed in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged or

chargeable with any Duty imooted upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, but the fame shall be, and

are hereby declared to be exempted therefrom, and that no other Instrument or Instruments in Writing

herein-before mentioned, shall be charged or chargeable with any higher Duty than with the Duty imposed

or to be imposed on Parish Indentures of Apprenticeship.

XI. 4 And vvheras, by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, in-

4 ti tuled. An Act fir the better adjnjhng and more easy Recovery of the IVages cf certain Servants, and fir the

4 better Regulation cf such Servants, and cf certain Apprentices, it is enacted, 'That it shall and may be lawful

4 to and for any two or more Justices, upon any Complaint or Application by any Apprentice put out by

4 the Parish, touching or concerning any Mifufage, Rcfufil of neceifary Provisions, Cruelty, or other ill

4 Treatment, of or towards such Apprentice, by his or her Master or Mistress, and due Proof thereof, to dif-

4 charge such Apprentice from his or ner Apprenticeship : And whereas Inttances of such ill Treatment fre-

1 quent’y occur, and it is fit that the Expectation of such Ddchaige should not operate as an Inducement to

4 such ili Treatment:* Be it enacted. That in every Cafe where any Parish Apprentice whatsoever shall be

discharged from his Apprenticeship by two Justices, under and by virtue of toe said last-mentioned Act, it

fiia.ll and may be lawful for such two Justices to order such Master or Mistress todeliver up to such Appren-

tice his or her Clothes and Wearing Apparel, and also to pay to such Churchwardens or Overseers of the

Poor of the Paiifh or Place to which such Apprentice shall belong, some or one of them, a Sutn not exceed-

ing ten Pounds, to be applied by them, some or one of them, under the Order of such Justices, for the again

placing and binding out such Apprentice so discharged as uforefiid, or otherwise, for his or her Benefit, as to

such Justices shall (eem meet; and also to pay a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, in case such Matter or Mif-

trels shall refuse to deliver up such Clothes and Wearing Apparel; and in case such Master or Mistress shall

refuse to pay the Sum so ordered by the said Justices to be paid as a fore Aid, or either of them, or any Part

thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy

the lame by Distrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels cf such Master or Mistress, together with the rca-

sonable Expences of such Distress; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, if they

shall so think fit, to compel such Church wardens and Overseers of the Poor, some or one of them, to enter

into a Recognizance for the effectual Prosecution by Indictment of such Master or Mistress for such ill Treat-

ment of any such Apprentice so discharged as aforesaid, and also to order that the Costs and Expences of such

Prosecution shall be paid and discharged, or reimbursed to such Peribn or Persons entering into such Recog-

nizance as aforesaid, one Moiety thereof out of the Poor Rates of the Parish -or Place to which such Ap-

prentice shall belong, and the other Moiety ther eof out of the Common Stock of the County in which such

Parish or Place shall lie; and in case the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for

the Time being shall refuse to pay such their Moiety as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such two

Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress arid Sale of the Goods and

Chattels of such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, any or either of them, together with the reason-

able Expences of such Distress.

XII. 4 And whereas it is not expedient that such Master or Mistress should be again entrutted with the

4 Care of another Parish Apprentice;* be it enacted, That in every Cafe where any Parish Apprentice

shall have been so discharged from any Master or Mistress ns afofcfaid under and by virtue of the said lad

mentioned Aift, and such Master and Mistress shall have been convicted of such Offence, in consequence

of such Pro'ccution by Indictment as aforesaid, or shall have been found guilty thereof in any Action

brought at the Suit of the Party injured, it shall not be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the

Poor of any Parish or Place, or the major Part of them, to bind any other Apprentice upon such Person;

but that whenever such Person ought or would be compellable to take a Parish Apprentice, it shall and may

be Uwful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, 'Town, Riding, Division, or Place where

such Per It n shall re fide, upon Application made to them by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor

of fetch Parish or Place, to order and direct that such Perton shall pay into the Hands of such Churchwar-

dens and Overseers of the Poor, some or one of them, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds nor

less than five Pounds, for the Purpose of binding out the Child (intended to be bound) an Apprentice,

with the Approbation of such two Justices; and in case such Person shall refuse to pay such Sum as afore-

13 said.

