A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 44,45. 533

u the British Plantations in America, and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the thirtieth Tear of his

44 late Majesty s. Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to opanifh Prize Goods taken

44 finee the late Declaration of tvar with Spain/’ as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the Britiftl

Plantations in America, and for explaining so much of an Act made in the ffth Tear of his present Ahjcjlfs

Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, a$d for extending the

fame to the Naval Officers there,) as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the

Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America; which Act was to be in force from the first Day of

August one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for and during the Term of two Years, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was by four Acts, made in the twelfth, four-

teenth, nineteenth, and ttventy-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until.the

first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, at which Time the said Act expired; and also so much of an Act passed in the fzx-

teenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fifnery

carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees

to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland,) as relates to the Fees of the Officers

of the Customs in the Bland of Newfoundland; which Act, as to such Part thereof as aforesaid, was to have

Continuance so long as the said Act, passed in the tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, should be continued

and remain in force; and which Act, of the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, is therefore now no

longer in force, shall, from and after the parting of this Act, be revived, and so much and such Parts of the

said Acts as aforesaid are hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect from the parting of this

Act, for and during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sertion of Par-

liament; and every Collector, Comptroller, and other Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, and every Naval

Officer in the said Colonies respectively, shall be, and they are hereby declared to have been, from the Time

the said Acts expired and ceased to be in force respectively, and for and during the Continnance of this Act,

entitled to ask, demand, take, and receive such rees as they would respectively have been entitled to ask,

demand^ take, and receive, if the said Acts had been continued and remained in force respectively.

Custr.m* and

Natal officer*

in America}

and so much of

16 Geo. IJI.

Cap. 47, as re-

label to Fee* of

Officers of Cuf-

toms in New-

foundland, re-

\iv-d, and to

continue in

force five Year*,

&c.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk

Island.—[9th May 1794.}

4 X T WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

VV Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal judicature on the

Eastern Coqft of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent; it is enacted, that his Majesty may, by his

4 Commission under the Great Seal, authorize the Person to be appointed Governor, or the Lieutenant

4 Governor in the Absence of the Governor, of the Eastern Coast of New South Walesy and the Islands ad-

4 jacent thereto, to convene, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, a Court of Judicature, for

the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and Misbehaviours as if committed within this Realm

4 would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be Treason. or Misprision thereof,

4 Felony, or Misdemeanor, which said Court shall proceed to try such. Offenders after the Manner therein

4 mentioned :t And whereas, from the increased Number of Persons in Norfolk Island^ being one of the said

Islands adjacent to the said Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and from the Delay and Difficulty aitend-

c ing the Conveyance of Prisoners from the said Norfolk Island to his Majesty’s Settlement on the said

4 Eastern Coast of New South Wales, the due Execution of the said Act hath been greatly retarded and im-

4 peded :’ For Remedy thereof, and to the End that the Benefits of the said Act may be more effectually ex-

tended to his Majesty’s Settlement on Norfolk If and \ be it enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may, by his Cotrunidion

under the Great Seal, authorize the Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering the

Government of his Majesty’s Settlement in Norfolk Island, to convene, from Time to Time, as Occasion

may require, a Court of Judicature for the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and Misbehaviours

as if committed within this Realm would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be

Treafbn, or Misprision thereof, Felony, or Misdemeanor; which Court shall consist of the Judge Advo-

cate, to be appointed in and for his Majesty’s Settlement in Norflk If and, together with four Officers of

his Majesty’s Forces by Sea or Land, and shall proceed to try all Persons who shall offend in any of the

Premises, by calling such Offenders respectively before them, by causing the Charge against him, her, or

them respectively to be read over, which Charge shall always be reduced into Writing, and shall be ex-

hibited to the said Court by the Judge Advocate, and by examining Witnesses upon Oath, to be admini-

ftered by such Court, as well for as against such Offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging by the*

Opinion of the major Part of the Persons composing such Court, that the Party accused is or is not (as the

Cafe shall appear to them) guilty of the Charge, and by pronouncing Judgment therein (as upon a Con-

viftion by Verdict) of Death, if the Offence be Capiral, or of such corporal Pun'rshment, not extending ta

capital Punishment, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Provost Marshal, or other Officerto be for that Purpose appointed

by such Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering the Government of his Majesty’s

Settle-

17 Geo. IJJ.

Cap. ft, recited.

H:» Majesty

may authorize

the Lieutenant

Governor of

No frJk Island

to convene a

Court of Judi-

cature for Trial

of Offender*:

Who are to be

Members of it,

and how they

are to proceed*.

Provost Mar dial

to execute ihe

Judgment of

the Court*

