36 C. 38. Anno tricdlmo Georgii III, A.D. 1790.

tnd repealed,

29 Geo. III.

Cap. 45. Clause

7. continued till

July 5, 1791.

4 any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Stock or Stocks of any Dealer in or Seller of British Spirituous

4 Liquors, over and above the Quantity which the Officer found in such Dealer’s or Seller’s Custody at the

4 Time of the Lift preceding Survey upon iiich Dealer or Seller, shall not be forfeited, if the Owner thereof

4 shall make it appear that such Increase was made by mixing Water with anJ amongst some of his said Stock

4 of AY////;-made Spirituous Liquors, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where

4 such Increase shall be found; airy Thing in the said Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

4 And whereas it is expedient to repeal lb much of the said Act as is herein-before recited ;* be it therefore

enacted by the Authority afore laid, That so much of the said recited Act as provides and enacts, That any

Increase, discovered by any Officer or Officers of Excise ni the Stock or Stocks of any Dealer in or Seller of

British Spirituous Liquots, over and above the Quantity which the Officer found in such Dealer’s or Seller’s

Custody at the Time of the Lift preceding Survey upon such Dealer or Seller, Hull not Ik* forfeited, if the

Owner thereof dial] make it appear that such Increase was made by mixing Water with ai d amongst some of

his laid Stock of British-made Spirituous Liquors in the Presence of the Officer of Excise of the Division or

Place where such Increase shall be found, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much or the said Act, made in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majolty, as enacts. That the said Act made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, except such Parts thereof as are repugnant to the said Act

made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; -and also so much thereof as enacts.

That the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, except such Parts thereof

as are expressly repealed by the said Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

shall, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be re-

vived, and continued until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall, from

and immediately after the said firth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, continue in full

Force and Effect until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon

Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in

Lieu thereof.

Preamble.

9 A no®. Cap.

*3*

3© Geo. II. Cap.

19.

c \X7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen June, for

charging certain new Duties on Stamped PeHum^ Parchment, and Paper, and for other Purposes there -

in mentioned, it was enacted, That there should be, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, raised*

4 levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Succeftbrs, for every Piece

4 of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should, at any Time or Times within or

4 during the Term therein in that Behalf mentioned, be ingossed or written any Licence for retailing of

4 Wine, the Sum of four Shillings: And whereas the Lid Duty is, by another Act passed in the third Year

4 of the Reign of King George the First, made perpetual: And whereas, by another Act made in the thirtieth

4 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting to his Majesty (amongst other

4 Rates and Duties therein mentioned) several Rates and Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine, it was

4 enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, there should

4 be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of

4 his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper/

4 on which should be ingrafted, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any

4 Person who should not take out either a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for re-

4 tailing of Beer, Ale, or other excileable Liquors, over and above all other Rates and Duties payable by

4 virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament imposing any Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

4 Paper, an additional Duty of five Pounds; for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of

4 Paper, on which should be ingossed, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted

4 to any Person who should take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, but

*■ should not takeout a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, over and above all other Rates and Du-

4 ties payable by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament imposing any Duties on Stamped Vellum*

4 Parchment, and Paper, an additional Duty of four Pounds; and for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment*

4 or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should be ingossed, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of

4 Wine, to be granted to any Person who should also take out a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors*

4 over and above all other Rates and Duties payable by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament im-

4 posing any Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, an additional Duty of forty Shillings; and

4 it was by the said last-mentioned Act provided and enacted. That, in all Cafes were a Duty of five Pounds

4 was thereinbefore directed to be paid on a Licence for retailing Wine, a Duty of three Pounds six Shillings

and Eight-pence, and no more, should be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of Great Britain

4 called Scotland; and that in all Cafes where a Duty of four Pounds was therein before directed to be paid

4 for such Licence, a Duty of two Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and no more, should be paid

4 for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that in all Cales where a

4 Duty of two Pounds was therein before directed to be paid for every such Licence, a Duty of one Pound

4 six Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more, should be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of

* Great

