C. 85—89. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

€ but by an Estimate made of the Expence thereof, it appears that the Toils now payable for passing over and

* under the present Bridge will not be sufficient to defray the Expence of erecting a safe and commodious

c Bridge, and to discharge the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties; and

4 therefore it is necessary to make some other Provisions for the fame, which cannot be done without the Aid

* of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled ; £sV.

Certain Persons appointed Commissioners for building a New Bridge. Upon the Death or RemoVal of any of

44 the Commissioners, the Lord Chancellor, &V. to appoint others. Road to be made over the Bridge. New

44 Tolls to be collected. Tolls shall be taken for any Horsesor Carriages belonging to theRoyal Family,or for

44 the Horses of any Soldiers on their March, or for any Carriages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails

44 and Expresses under the Authority of the Poll Mailer General, or for any Horses employed in towing of

44 such Barges up or down the River, as have paid the Duties by this Act imposed, or in returning back.

44 No Toll to be paid on the Day of Election for Surrey or Middlesex. Inhabitants of Stanes or Eghant

44 not liable to Payment of Toll. Toll over the Bridge to be paid but once a Day. Money to be raised

44 by the Act veiled in the Commissioners. Commissioners may erect Turnpike and Toll House oh the

44 Bridge, and appoint Collectors. Tolls may be deftrained for upon Refusal of Payment. Penalty of ten

44 Shillings on disposing of Tickets to evade the Tolls. Tolls may be leased. New Bridge not to be rated

44 higher to the Land Tax, &V. than the present Bridge. A Ferry to be provided when the Bridge is rebuilding

44 or repairing. Tolls at the Ferry to be the fame as at the Bridge. Money may be borrowed on Bond or

44 otherwise. Money may be advanced for Annuities on Lives. Money to be raised, not to exceed 12,000 /.

44 Annuities charged on the Tolls. Annuities may be assigned. Expences of the Act to be defrayed out

44 of the first Money advanced, and the Remainder of the Money to be applied in building the New Bridge, lAc.

*4 Treasurer to be appointed, who is to give Security. Commissioners may contract for building the Bridge

44 and keeping the fame in Repair; and may purchase Mefliiages and Grounds for building the Bridge*

44 Surveyors may dig for Gravel and other Materials for building the Bridge out ofWaftes, or out of private

44 Grounds, making Satisfaction for the fame. Notice to be given to the Occupiers of Lands before Ma-

44 terials are taken Tor building or repairing die Bridge. Messuages and Lands belonging to incapacitated

44 Persons may be purchased for the Purposes of the Act. In case of Refusal to treat, to be settled by a Jury.

44 Purchases and Damages to be paid for out of the Tolls or Money advanced. Monies belonging to Cor-

44 porations and other incapacitated Persons to be reinvested. Persons destroying or damaging the Bridge to

44 be punished- Mailers of Vessels made answerable for Damage done to the Bridge by their Crews. Lord

44 Chancellor, £i?r. to direct how the Surplus of the Tolls, if any, shall be disposed of Lord Chancellor to

44 make Orders on Matters brought before him. Bridge Mailers to account to the Commissioners for

44 Money in their Hands. Materials of the Old Bridge to be disposed of when New Bridge is built.

44 Commissioners to pay Money already due for the Repair of the present Bridge. Rights of the City of

44 London preserved. Former Acts repealed. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Double Colls*

44 Publick Act.”

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Canal,' or Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place

called Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near

Melincrythan Pill> into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neathy in the said County.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town and

Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the fame to a more convenient Place within

the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of the Caltle of Lewes aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland\ near the Sea, in the

County Palatine of Durham»

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking

for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Deey and certain Lords of Manors, and other

Persons intitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the old common Salt Marshes*

lying on the South Side of the said River, below, or to the North-eall of Greenfield Gate, in the County

of Flinty and an Award made in Consequence thereof.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of

Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Nezveni, in the County of Gloucester.

11 CAP.

