A.D. 1790,

ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. C. 37.

i

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue two A<rt$, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth Years of the

Reign, of his prefenc Majesty, c for discontinuing, for a limited Time, die several Du-

4 ties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and

4 other Liquors, there used in the Distillarion of Spirits, and for granting to his Ma-

4 jesty other Duties in lieu thereof*, and for better regulating the Exportation of Briliftj-

4 made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to con-

4 tinue, for a limited l ime, an Act made in the ewenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, <c to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties

44 upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and fe-

44 curing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regula-

44 tien of the making and'vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited

44 Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the Weft

44 Indies ” and for amending the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty's Reign.

4 TT 7*HEREAS the Law herein-after mentioned has, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and

-4 V V is near expiring May it therefore plcale your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted

by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the

lev^ral Duties of Exciic by an Att made in the Twenty-feverith Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the fever a I Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu

thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the publick Revenue; for

permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the

European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, re-

maining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, im-

posed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any

Mixture with the fame; and for or in respect of Cycler or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor brewed or made

as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any

Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for or in respect of fermented Wort

or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting

Spirits for Home Consumption, and for or in respect of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign re-

futed Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Ad el a lies and Sugar,

or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were, by an ACt made

in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his prclent Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and confirm-

' ing, fir a limited <Ttme, an A t made in the last Sefton of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for discontinuing, for

4 a limited Dime, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Lciu Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, IVajh,

4 and other Liquors there used in the Di/lil/ation of Spirits, and for granting to his Male fly other Duties in lieu

4 thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of Wx\uft\~made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from

4 Scotland to England; and to continue, jar a limited "Time, an Act made in the twenty fjxth Year of the Reign

4 of his present Ajajyly, 44 to di/continue, for a limittd 7 ime, the Payment of the Duties upon Lvov I fines and

Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of ether Duties in lieu there f;

<l and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits ; and for discontinuing, for a limited

44 Time, certain impojis and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies and to revive aid

continue the fud tail mentioned Act, continued from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-nine^ until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be, ar.d the

time are hereby i'everally and respectively further continued from the firth Day o (July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety, until and upon the fifth Day of 'July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-one; and

the said Duties shall severally and respectively be pr.id and payable by the several and respective Makers and

Distillers of such YVort, Wash, Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times, and in such

Trent of the Dufies upon Low IVines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting andfe curing the due

Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better Regulation of the making and vending Britilli Spirits;

and for d:fcontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the

West Indies; or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the pading of an Act

made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for d fzntiradm.g, for a

limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low I Vines and Spirits, and upon Worts, IVajh, and

ether January there ujed in the Dig: illation of Spirits, and for granting to his Maiejlx other Duties in lieu there-

jo Geo. HI. F

33

Preamble.

Duties ImpofeA

by *7 Geo. HI,

Cap. 15. on

Wash made in

England for ex-

tracting Spirits

for Home Con-

sump Jon j

snd which, b/

29 Geo. II r.

Cap. 4$, wire

cent’nurd to

July 5» *79°»

further ci lumii.

(d to J u Iv 51

179*. *c.

:6 O-o. lit.

C.p, 73.

»S Gfo III.

C'«p 46.

