C. 46.

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

ing, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities payable by virtue of this Act, and also for the Service,

Pains, and Labour, of the said Accountant General for performing the Trusts hereby repofod in him; all

which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or

Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and

Co mpany, and at their Disposal only.

Ko Fee to be XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever fti3ll be demanded or

t»Ucn for <on- taken of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, for converting the Intereff of any Person or Persons of or to any

vcrri. g L.uc An- nfe Annuities, or any of them, into certain Interests for Terms of Years in pursuance of this Act, or for

nuitie! !«r°« Paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum to be made in pursuance of

Term of Years, this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward,

on Penalty of or Gratuity, shall, for every fqch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with

*°h full Colts of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty*s

Courts at IVcftrninjier, wherein no i£(loin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager at Law, Injunction, or Order

of Reftxaint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

Person* forging XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge,

or altering Cer- counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully

jku'Jtf^!ffeioD?. act or in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Indorfoment or Writing on the Back of any

* Certificate or Certificates, made out as is herein-before mentioned by tfte Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank

of England^ or any Receipt or Receipts to be given, or any Certificate or Certificates to be made out by the

Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer in pursuance of this Act; or Hull wilfully deliver to the

said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate

or Certificates, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud his Ma-

jeily, his Heirs and Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons

whomsoever; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly

or wilfully act and allift in forging and counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instru-

ment to transfer or ailign any principal Sum or Sums placed to the Credit of any Person or Persons

whomsoever in the Books of the Bank of England, as herein-before mentioned, or any Part of such Sura

or Sums, or to receive any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends as aforesaid, or any of them,

or any Part thereof, or of any of them; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or

counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act and allilt in forging or counterfoiting the Name or Names of

any of the Proprietors of any of the said principal Sums, Annuities, or Dividends, or any Part thereof,

or of any of them, in or to any such pretended Assignemnt or Alignments, Instrument or Authority, or

shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any such principal Sum or Sums, or any

Part thereof, or of any of them, or any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or. any Part

thereof, by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Authority, or Instrument, or shall

falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of such principal Sums

as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, or of any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends as afore-

said, or of any Part thereof, and thereby assign or transfer, or endeavour to assign or transfer, the said principal

Sums, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive, or endeavour to re-

ceive, the said Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or of

any of them, with Intent to deceive and defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies

Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons vyhatloever; or if any Pet Ion or Persons shall with the like

Intent forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or

wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any Regilter or Registers of the Birth of any

Person or Persons to be appointed a Nominee or Nominees in pursuance of this Act, orany Certificate or Cer*

tificatesto be given in pursuance of this Act; then, and in every or any such Cafe, all and every Person or

Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer

Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That if any Person or Persons shall be

sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or

CeneraMfiue. Persons shall and may plead the General Illiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in

his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judge-

ment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or De-

TreMc Colts. fendants shall have 1 reble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William

Penny Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of Pennjylvaniax in Considerationof the meritori-

ous Services of the said William Penny and of the Lodes which his Family have sustained in consequence

Qf the unhappy Dissensions in America.

€i Letters Patent of King Charles II. and an Act of the State of Pehtifylvaniay “for vesting the Estates of the lafm

M Proprietaries of Pennsylvania, tn this Commonwealth f recited. An Annuity of 4,000l. to be ilfiied Quarterly

u out of the Consolidated Fund to William Baker and Andrew Allen, Esqrs. in Trust for John Penn of Stoh*

“ Pogisy in&'John Penn of Wimpole Street, Esqrs. to commence Jan. 5, 1790. The Commissioners of Bus

w Treasury are by Warrant to direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to make forth and pals Debentures foe

1 44

