A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 63.

4*9

tioned in Table (B), in

Restrictions, Forfeitures

required and imposed.

the said Act contained, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations and prohibited to be

and Penalties as are by that Act, or by any other Act now in force in any such Cafe <xPorccd Ac~

3 3 J 3 3 count of the

Price being at or

above the Priee mentioned in Table (B) of recited A/t*

IX, Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall have entered outwards any Corn or other Arti-

cles as aforesaid, and shall have begun to ship or lay the fame on Board before such Prohibition to export shall

be made, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Hens and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their

Privy Council, if he or they shall think fit, to permit the Exportation of such Corn or other Articles actually

shipped or laden on Board, or so much thereof expressed in such Entry, as shall have been so shipped or laden

on Board at the Time of the Date of such Prohibition, toexportin the same Manner as if such Prohibition to

export had not been made.

The Quantity

shipped of Corn*

Ac. entered out-

ward*, and be-

gun to be(hippeJ

be fore Prohibi-

tien, may be

ptrmufe 1 to be

exported.

X. And be it further enacted, That Copies of such Orders made by his Majesty in Council for the Pur-

poses aforesaid, if made when Parliament is fitting, be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three

Days after the fame shall have been ifiiied; and if made when Parliament i.c not fitting, then within fourteen

Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

XI. And wheieas Doubts have arisen, whether Wheat, and the several Articles enumerated in Table

(A) in the said Act, can, according to the Directions of the said Act, be removed Coastwise, from a Port

4 where, the Exportation is allowed without any Bounty, to a Port from whence the fame may be exported

4 with the Allowance of Bounty be it enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day jf July one thou-

iand seven hundred and ninety-three, none of the Articles enumerated in Table (A) in the said recited Act

shall be removed or carried Coastwise from any Port where the Exportation is allowed without Bounty, to a

Port from whence the fame may, according to the Directions of the said Act, be exported with the Allowance

of Bounty, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Articles as shall be removed or carried Coastwise

contrary to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to prevent any of the said Articles from being removed or carried Coastwise from any Port

where the Exportation is allowed without Bounty, and landed in any Port where, at the Time of the Vessel’s

arriving, the Exportation shall be permitted with the Allowance of Bounty, if it shall appear by the Coast Do-

cument that the Exportation of such Article was there allowed without Bounty at the Time when the fame

was actually shipped to be removed or carried Coastwise.

Orders in Coun-

cil to be laid be-

fore Parliament.

From July 15,

1793, no Arti-

cles in I able

( A ), of the re-

cited A&, to b4-

carried Coastwise

from any Port

where Exporta-

tien is allowed

without Bounty

to any Port

where Bounty

is allowed, on '

Penalty of For-

feituic 5

but not to ex-

tend to Artic’es

not arriving till Bounty is allowed, if it was not allowed at the Time of shipping.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Malt shall be permitted to be carried Coastwise, or otherwise con-

veyed from any Port in Great Britain, where the Exportation thereof, according to the Regulations of the

said Act, is not allowed at the Time that the said Malt was actually shipped, and be landed or unshipped at

any other Port of Great Britain, from whence the fame, according to the Regulations of the said Act, may

then be exported, or from any Port where the Exportation thereof is allowed without Bounty at the Time

that the said Malt was actually shipped, and landed or unshipped at any other Port of Great Britain, from

whence the fame may be exported with the Allowance of Bounty, any Thing in the said Act, or in this Act,

to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That due Proof be first made that the Duty of Excise has

been paid or chai ged upon the said Malt, and that the Shipper thereof enter into proper Securities for carry-

ing the fame Coastwise.

to Ports where Bounty is allowed, &c.

Seed Corn may

be carried Cojft-

wife, Arc. on

certain.Condi-

tiens.

32 Geo III.

Cap. 50,

Oath to be made

that such Corn

is S: Com.

Bond to be

given tha* it

shall not be used

for a ly othtt

Purpose.

Penalty.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient to permit at all Times the carrying of Seed Corn Coastwifebe it

therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to ship and carry Coastwise, at any Time,

Seed Corn, any Thing in this Act, or in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the con-

trary notwithstanding: Provided always, in case such Corn shall be prohibited to be exported, that during

such Prohibition, on the carrying of such Corn Coastwise, Bond shall be given, pursuant to the Directions

of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Atl for the

Relief of the Coajl Trade cf Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents frojn Stamp Duties; for

abolishing the Bond ufttally called The Isle of Man Bond; and fer permitting Corn and Grain brought Coajl-

wife to be transhipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the

Clyde; and such Corn shall, on the Shipping or Removal Coastwise, be subject and liable to all such Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are enacted and provided in the said last recited Act,

on the Shipping and Removal of Goods carried Coastwise.

XIV. And, in order to ascertain that the Corn to be shipped Coastwise is Seed Corn, be it further enacted,

That the Person intending to ship the fame shall before shipping verify upon Oath, before the Collector,

Comptroller, or Chief Officer of the Customs, (who is ami are hereby empowered to administer the fame,)

that the Corn is Seed Corn, and intended for the Purpose of being used as Seed Corn, and for no other Purpose

whatever; and such Person shall also give Bond (to remain in force twelve Months) that the said Corn shall

be used as Seed Corn, and for no other Purpose whatever, such Bond to be given to his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, in treble the Value of the Com, and to be taken by the Collector, Comptroller, or other

Chief Officer of the Customs; and In case such Corn shall be used for any other Purpose than as Seed Corn,

the Bond shall be forfeited, and the Person so using such Corn shall forfeit treble the Value thereof.

XV And

Malt may be

carriei Coastwise

f om Ports where

Exportation is

not allowed by

recited A£V, to

Ports where ic

may be ex pored,

and from Ports

where Exporta-

tien is alloweJ

without Bounty

