» '

13° C. 32. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

44 of her Body, being Protestants *, hereby utterly renouncing 3nd abjuring any Obedience or Allegiance unto

44 any other Person claiming or pretending a Right to the Crown of theic Realms : And I do swear, 'That I

44 do reject and deteft, as an unchritlian and impious Poiition, that it is lawful to murder or destroy any Per-

4< son or Persons whatsoever, for or under Pretence of th.ir being Hcreticks or Infidels; and alto that un-

44 christrian and impious Principle, that Faith is not to be kept with Hercticks or Inhdels : And I further

44 declare. That it is not an Article of my Faith, and that 1 do renounce, reject, arul abjure the Opinion, that

44 Princes excommunicated by the Pope and Council, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or by any

44 Authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any Person whatsoever: And I do

44 promile, that I will not hold, maintain, or abet such Opinion, or any other Opinions contrary to what

44 is exprelled in this Declaration : And I do declare. That I do not believe, that the Pope of Rome^ or any

44 other foreign Prince, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath, or ought to hiqe, any temporal or civil Jurisdiction,

44 Power, Superiority, or Pre-eminence, directly or indirectly, within this Realm : And I do Iblemnly*

44 in the Presence of (jod, profess, testify, and declare,that I do make thi> Declaration, and every Part thereof,

44 in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words of this Oath, without any Kvafion, Equivocation, or mental

44 Reservation whatever; and without any Difpcnfation already granted by the Pope, or any Authority of

44 the See of Rome, or any Person whatever; and without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before

44 God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof, although the Pope or any other Person

44 or Authority whatsoever shall dispense with or annul the fame, or declare that it was null or void.

44 So help me GOD.”

Officer of tbt

Con*? to deliver

Cettifica'e* of

ti.e Drclara* oa

and Oaih h»v-

5n« bten m^dr,

u hich fhaiI be

futficunt Evi-

dence.

Which said Declaration and Oath shall be subscribed by the Person taking and making the same with the Name

at Length, if such Person can write, or with his Mark, the Name being written by the Officer, where such

Person cannot write, such Person or such Odicer, as the Cafe may be, adding the Title, Addition and Place

of Abode, of such Person, and shall remain in such Court of Record : And the proper Officer of such Court

respectively, with whom the Custody of such Record shall remain, shall make, subscribe, and deliver a Certi-

ficate of such Declaration and Oath having been duly made, taken, and (ubicribed, to the Person who shall

havefo made, taken, and subscribed the fame, if the fame shall be demanded, immediately, for which Certi-

ficate there shall be paid no greater Fee or Reward than two Shillings; and such Certincate, upon Proof of

the Certifier's Hand, and that he acted as such Officer, shall be competent and sufficient Evidence of such

Persons having duly made, taken, and subscribed such Declaration and Oath, unless the time shall be faifihed.

Liih of the Per. II. And be it further enacted, That the said Officer with whom such Records are kept as aforesaid shall,

frniwho shall yearly, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December■, transmit to the Clerk of his Majesty’s moil honour-

hive t>km the able prjVy Council, Lifts of the Persons, with their Titles, Additions, and Places of Abode, who shall have

o»th •ohetrjnr- aje ancj fat>i’cribed such Declaration and Oath in the preceding Year.

muted to the r . 0

Cl-ikof the Pi ivy Council annually.

2 Ei‘z- c.

13 Pile. c. 1. ;

29 El z. c. 6. j

35EU2. c. 2.;

a (wilgo 1)

J-c. 1. e.4.;

3 J»c. 1. c. 4.;

3 Jac. I. C.5.;

»t>d

7 Jac. I. c. 6.

vctaicd.

No Ronr to Ca-

iholUk v*bo

Rail have taken

the Oath ap-

pointed, to be

pcofecoted for

not retorting to

tome Pai Kh

ttfcuffh, *c.

4 III. And whereas,by an Act passed inthefirft Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth,

4 intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Common Prayer and Service of the Church, and Administration of the

4 Sacraments ; and by several other Acts, namely, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of

4 her said late Majesty, intituled, An A I to retain the Qgteen's Majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience ai\

4 Act paifod in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of her find late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the ,

4 more Jpealy and due Execution of certain Branches tf the Statute ?nade in the twenty-third Year of the

4 Queen's Majf/y's Reign, intituled, 44 An Act to retain the Queen's Majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience ;M

4 an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for refraining*of

4 Popish Rea farts to some certain Places of Abode ; an Act passed in the second, or, as it is commonly cal-

4 led, in the hrft Year of tlreReign of his late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the due ’

4 Execution of the Statutes again// Jesuits, Seminary Priejls, Recusants, &c-; an Act passed in the third

4 Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the better discover-

4 ing and reprefing Popish Recusants; an Act passed in the- said third Year of his fard late Majesty King

4 James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grour by Popish Recusants

4 and an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First, inti-

4 tuled, An Act for administering the Oath of Allegiance and R formation in married fVomen, Recusants ; all

4 Persons are required to resort to their Parish Church or Chapel, or some usual Place where the Common

4 Prayer shall be used, upon Pain of incurring the Punuhments and Disabilitics in the said Acts respectively

4 mentioned ; and also arc liable to Prosecution and Penalties for keeping or having in their Houses any Ser-

4 vant or other Person not so referring:* Now be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred ai>d ninety-one, no Person professing the Roman Catholicrk Re-

ligion, who shall take and subscribe the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken and subscribed, shall be con-

victed or prosecuted upon, or shall be liable ro be prosecuted upon, the said last recited Statutes, or any of

them, or upon any ot)K*r Statute, or any other Law of this Realm, by Indictment, Information, Action of

Debt, or otforwile, or shall be prosecuted in any Ecclesiastical Court, for not referring or repairing to his or

her Parish Church or Chapel, or some other usual Place of Common Prayer, to hear Divine Service* an<l

join in public Worship according to the Forms and Rites of the Church of England, as by Law efta-

biished, or for keeping or having any Servant or other Person, being a Papist, or reputed Papist, or Perl

son profiling the Popish Religion, who shall not so resort or repair to his or her Parish Church or Chapef

or some fu^h other usual Place ft Common Prayer as aforesaid. *

4 IV. And

