C. 81. ving Annoying tiicefimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1754.

u T J. V. do fmcerely promise and swear, That I w:

i,v Nu.M.'nt- u Kir.g George ; and I do (wear, that I am a Prote

niuiioi.tii <JiV «, Conn ra- [r/j r/v Cafe may be] in the said Militia with

th* Iaiiu, until I shall be legally discharged.'

11 be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

Protettant, and that 1 will faithfully serve as a Serjeant or

ithin the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of

C«<!onei it. \\ ap*

point a Sct j^act

1M<*j >r and Dr^*n

M jor.

Non-com traf-

fic ned Officers

and Drunvvers

Jiavinsi rece'vcd

Pay, compila-

ble to frrve.

And the Colonel of each Regiment may appoint a Serjeant Major out of the Serjeants, and a Drum Major

out of the Drummers; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received any Pay as such in

the said Militia, shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve in the said Militia until they shall be

legally discharged: Provided always, that every Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer appointed in the said

Militia, shall rcfule in the City of London, or within one Mile thereof: And provided also, that no Person

who shall keep any House of Public Entertainment, or who shall fell Ale or Wine, or Brandy or other Spi-

rituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal,or Drum-

mer, in the said Militia.

Serjeants, &r. to live within a Mile of London, and not to be Publican*.

Co-nmaniing

Ofluert may oif-

t barge Non-

com million

Officer*, and the

Captain mav ap

po:nt S jcceilers.

Officer* may

keep extra

Drummer* as

Mufuims if

they defray the

Expence,

Militia to be er-

errifed 28 luc-

ceiiive Days an-

nually, and

amenable to the

Mutiny Laws,

Notice of the

Time and Place

of Exercise to be

affixed on the

Church Doors.

Ten Days prior

to the Annual

Exercise, Lifts of

the Men inrolled

to be sent the

Colonel, &c.

Adjutants, &c.

subject to the

Mutiny Acts,

&c.

X X. A nJ be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, may be discharged by

the Colonel, or by the Commanding Officer (with the Content of the Captain of the Company); and that

the Captain (with the Approbation of the Commanding Olficer) may appoint any proper Person in the

Room or every Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer who shall die, desert, or be discharged,all which Serjeants

and Corporals so appointed shall take the like Oath as is hereinbefore required to be taken by Serjeants and

Corpora's-

XXL And be it further enacted. That in case the Colonel and other Officers of both or either Regiment

of the said Militia shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than two for each Com-

pany, to be employed ns Fifers or Musicians for the Use of the said Militia, and shall be willing to defray tbs

Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel of each or either Regi-

ment to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Regi-

ments ; ana all such Drummers so engaged to serve in the said Militia, shall be deemed as Drummers in the

said Militia w ithin the Meaning of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the

fame Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia are by this A&subjeS

to, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the lame Pay and Clothing as other

Drummers have, or better Clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

XXil. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia, or at lead Half thereof, appointed as aforesaid,

shall be trained and exercised once in every Year, for twenty-eight Days together, at such Time as shall be

lead inconvenient to the Public, such Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners ; and, during such

Time as the said Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses,

Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force (or the

punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in

force with respect to the said Militia ; and all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men of

the fame shall be subject and liable thereto in all Cafes whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to

Loss of Life or Limb.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise of the said Militia

shall be sent by the Cleric of the said Commissioners to thcWard Clerk, Beadles, or other Officers of the several

Wards of the said City, with Directions to cuufe such Notice to be affixed on the Doors of the Churchesor

Chapels in their respective Wards ; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of

Exercise according to such Notice : And the said Clerk shall, ten Days at lead before the Time appointed

for the Annual Exercise, transmit to the Colonel of each Regiment, (or to such Person as shall be by him

appointed to receive the same,) a full and true Lift, specifying the Name, Place of Abode, and Date of In-

rolment of all Persons inrolled to serve in their respective Regiments, and shall in like Adanner cause a Du-

plicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of such Regiment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted. That every Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, Quarter Matter, Serjeant

Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, Drummer, and Fifer, of the said Militia shall be at all Times

subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command "of the Colonel of the

Regiment to which he belongs ; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel to direct the holding of Courts Mar-

tial whenever such Regiment shall be embodied for the Purpose of Annual Exercise, for the Trial of any Ser-

jeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer, of such Regiment, for any Offence commit-

ted during the Time such Regiment was not embodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Lofsof

Life or Limb.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the said Militia may, by Sentenceof

a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Soldier of the said Militia, to serve as such during

any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, after which Time, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a

Non-commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, and Clothing belonging to -the said

Militia, when not on Duty or embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the said Commissioners

shall direct; and that new Clothing shall be provided for the Private Militia Men at lead once in every five

Years, when not embodied for actual Service.

Non-commis-

fioned Officers

miy be reduced

to serve as Pri-

vates.

Arms when not

wanted to be

kept where the

Comrriffionm

shall di cO.

Private* to be cloathed oncf in five Yeirt*

XXIII And

