364

No Person to

bold two Office?,

the Salaii^s of

whi. h amount

to more than

the prefaioed

Sum.

Directors not to

send out more

persons than ne-

cefl’-ry to supply

the Complement

of the Establi/h-

ment.

Writers and

Cadets 10 be of

certain Age’, &c.

Biftish-born

Subjefls ap-

pointed to re-

ceive Rents,

tec* to take an

Oath.

The Oath.

Receiving Gift*

to be deemed

a Misdemeanor,

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A. I>. 179.3*

Pounds per Annum, (halite conferred upon or granted to any of the said Servants who shall not have been ac-

tually resident in India as a Covenanted Servant of the said Company for the Space of three Years at the least

in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office,

Place, or Employment, shall exceed one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, the fame shall not be

granted to or conferred upon any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India in the

laid Service for the Space of six Years at the lead in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Sa-

lary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed three thousand Pounds

per Annum, the fame shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said Servants who shall not have

been actually resident in India in the said Company’s Service for the Space of nine Years at the least in the

Whole ; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall ex-

ceed four thousand Pounds per Annum, the fame shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said

Servants who shall not have becna&ually resident in India in the Company’s Service for the Space of twelve

Years at the least in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy ; and that all Appointments, Advancements,

and Promotions, which shall be made for supplying any such Vacancies, other than as aforesaid, shall be null

and void.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall for the future be capable of taking, in the Civil

Line of the Company’s Service, two or more Offices, Places, or Employments, the joint Amount of the

Salaries, Perquisites, and Emoluments of which shall exceed in the Whole the Annual Salary, Perquisites,

and Emoluments respectively herein-before in that Behalf prescribed, any Law'or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

LIX. And. be it further fenacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Com-

pany to appoint or send out to India a greater Number of Persons, in the Capacity of Cadets or Writers, or

in any other Capacity, than will be necessary, in Addition to those already in India, to supply the proper

Complement of Officers and Servants contained in the Lid Lifts of their Establishments, according to such

Returns of Vacancies as the respective Governments in India shall transmit from thence to the said Court of

Directors.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of adding, or being appointed or sent to

Lniia, in the Capacity of Writer or Cadet whole Age shall be under fifteen Years, or shall exceed twenty-

two Years, nor until the Person proposed, or intended to be so appointed, shall have delivered to the said

Court of DireClors a Certificate of his Age, under the Hand of the Minister of the Parish in which he was

baptized, or Keeper of the Registry of Baptism of such Parish \ and if no such Registry can be found, an

Affidavit of that Circumstance shall be made by the Party himself with his Information and Belief that his

Age is not under fifteen Years, and doth not exceed twenty-two Years: Provided nevertheless, That the

said Restriction shall not extend to prevent the said Court of Directors from appointing any Person to be a

Cadet who shall have been for the Space of one Year at least a Commissioned Officer in his Majesty’s Ser-

vice, or in the Militia or Fencib'le Men, when embodied, and have been called into actual Service, or from

the Company of Cadets in the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and whose Age shall not exceed twenty-five

Years.

LXI. And, for preventing the Abuses which have formerly prevailed in the Collection and Receipt of the

Revenues of the said Territories and Acquisitions in India, be it further enaCted, That every Person (being a

Britif})-born Subject) who is or shall be appointed or authorised to collect, manage, controul, or receive the

Rents, Duties, or Revenues, of and belonging, and due and payable to the said Company in India, shall,

before he enters upon the Collection and Receipt thereof, take and subscribe the following Oath, which Oath

the Chief Justice, or one of the Puisne Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Bengal, or the Mayor

or other Magistrate in any of the other Preiidencies or Settlements, or such other Person as shall be deputed

or authorized by any Order in Council of any of the said Presidencies in that Behalf, shall and is hereby au-

thorifed and commanded to administer; and such Oath so administered shall be recorded in the Supreme

Court at Calcutta, or in one of the said Provincial or Mayor’s Courts3 (that is to say,)

€t J A. B. do promise and /wear, That I will, to the utmost of my Endeavours, well andfaithfully execute and

cc dfcharge the Duties of an Officer of Revenue, rep fed in and committed to me by the United Company of

44 Merchants a/0 England trading to the East Indies ; and that I will not demand, take, or accept, directly or

44 indirectly, by ?nyfelf or by any other Person for ?ny Use, or on my Behalf, of or from any Rajah, Zemindar,

44 Talookdar, Polygar, Farmer, Renter or Ryot, or from any Person paying or liable to pay any Tribute, Relit,

44 or Tax, to or for the Use of the said United Company, any Sum of Money or other valuable Thing by way of

44 Gift, Present, or otherwise, over and above, or besides and except the actual Tribute, Relit, or Tax au-

44 thorioud to be taken by and for the JJfe of the said United Company ; and that I will ju/lly and truly account

44 for, anfiver, and pay, all the Rents, Duties, and other Revenues and Su?ns of Money which shall come to

44 my Hands, or to the Hands of any Person or Persons in Trujl fGr or employed by me, as an Officer of the

44 Revenues of the said Company, unto the said United Company.

iC S,o help vie G 0 DA

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or receiving any Sum of Money* or other valu-

able Thing, as a Gift or Present, or under Colour thereof, whether it be for the Use of the Party receiving

the fame, or for, or pretended to be for the Use of the said Company, or of any other Person whatsoever, by

any British Subject, holding or exercising any Office or Employment under his Majesty, or the said United

Company, in the East Indies, shall be deemed and taken to be Extortion and a Misdemeanor at Law, and

shall

1

o»ooooLe

