The TITLES of the STATUTES.

63. Ail Ail for repealing an Ail, made in the eighteenth

Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An

At7 for paving of the City of Chichester, and for the better

paving, repairing, and cleaning, the Streets, Lanes, and

Publick Ways and Passages within the Walls of the said

City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments,

Obltruilions, and Annoyances therein.

64. An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the High-

ways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough

of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and

preventing Encroachments, Obstruitions, Nuisances, and

Annoyances therein.

65. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the

Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a

Communication by Railways or Stone Roads, and Water'

Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Lough-

borough Canal, and for continuing the fame, by parting

along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communica-

tien, all in the County of Leicester.

66# An Act to enable the Earl of Egrcmont to make and

maintain the River Rother navigable from the*Town of

Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces,

or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopham, and a

Navigable Cut from the said River to the River Arun, at

or near Stobhani Bridge, in the County of Sussex- and for

other Purposes.

67. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a further

Sum of Money tocompleat the said Navigation.

68. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from Manchester to or near Prcjlo-lee Bridge, in the

Township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one

Branch, to or near the Town of Belton, and by another

Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell

Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine

of Lancaster.

69. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through

Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge,

in the County of Worcester.

70. An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places within the

Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of OldSwinford,

in the County of Worcester, and for removing and pre-

venting Obstruitions, Nuisances, and Annoyances there-

in.

71. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish

Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of

the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the

Purpose of a Church Yard for the Ule o! the said Parish.

72. A11 Ail for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and WHford, in the

County of Suffolk.

73. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron

Walden, in the County of Essex.

74. An Act for building a new Church in the Town of

Wakefield* in the West Riding of the County of York,

and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and making

Provision for a Minister to officiate in the said Church.

75. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Ail parted in

the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church

of Saint Chad, in the Toion of Shrewsbury, and County

of Salop \ and for providing a neiu Cemetery or Burial

Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to

the said Church and Cemetery, and for raising a further

Sum of Money for fully effeiting the general Purposes in

the said Ail mentioned.

76. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in

the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the

Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the

said County.

77. An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak and

Eye, from the Junilion of the said River Wreai with the

intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicjler, at

or near a certain Place called Turnwater Afeadow, in the

Lord ship of Coffnzton, to Mill Close Homcflead, in the

Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester.

78. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellefniere, Afiddley

Bafchurch, and Hordley, and to the Chapdry or Distriil

of Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Erse), in the County of

Salop.

79. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watch-

ing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in

the County of Worcester, and for better supplying the said

Town with Water.

80. An Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets with-

in the City of Lincoln \ for cleansing, lighting, and watch-

ing the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and pub-

lick Passages and Places, within the said City; and for

removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and

Encroachments therein.

81. An Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands

and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and

Dodington, and Hamlet of JVimllington, in the said Parish

of Dodington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge ;

and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons

and Waste Lands within the said Hamlet of Jl’imblington.

82. An Act to continue two Acts, made in the fifteenth

and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Adajesty

King George the Second, for laying a Duty of two

Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon

every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed

for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town

of Kirkaldy and Liberties thereof.

83. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the

Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

84. An Act for Lbuilding a Bridge cross the River.Thames

from Stancs to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and

Surrey

85. An Act for making and maintaining a Canal, or Na-

vigable Communication, from or near a certain Place

called Abcrnant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and

through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near A ft tin-

crytban Pill, into the River of Neath, near the Town of

Neath, in the said County.

86. An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers of the

present Prescriptive Market within the Town and Bo-

rough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing

the Tame to a more convenient Place within the said Town

and Borough, or within the Precinit of the Caltle of Lewes

aforesaid.

87. An Act for the better Maintenance and Support of

the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the

County Palatine of Durham.

88. An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into be-

tween the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for

recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River

Dee, and certain Lords of Manors, and other Persons i-nti-

tled to Right of Common upon the Waftcs and Com-

mons, and the old common Salt Marihcs, lying on the

South

