172

Committee to

appoint a Cleik.

His Duty.

Quarterly Meet-

ings appointed.

Chairman to

be cho[en»

Question to be

determined by

a Majority.

No Business to

be dor.e at Quar-

terly Meeting?,

unless fiveMem-

bers are present.

Three Commit-

th? Men may

cal) a Special

' Meeting#

New Commit-

lee Men to be

chosen upon

Vacancies.

If Cc mmiitee

neglect their

Due),

Justice*, on

Complaint

thereof, may

till a General

Meeting.

C. 56. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee, at any Quarterly Meeting

assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to’ nominate and appoint, by

Writing under their Hands, a proper Person to be their Clerk, which said Clerk shall attend the Meetings

of the said Committee, and shall, in proper Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep true

and perfect Accounts of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transadhons of the said Committee; and that each

and every of the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn shall and may, at all convenient Times*

have Recourse to, and peruse and inspect all such Books gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof*

or of any Part thereof, paying two Pence for every one hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such

Clerk shall refuse to permit any such Woolcomber or Maker of Worded Yarn to inspectany such Book, or/

refuse or wilfully neglect to make and deliver any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, at the Rate aforesaid,

he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid, a Meeting of the said Committee shall be

held four Times in every Year ; (that is to say,) on the fir & Friday in the Months of January, Aprils July,

and October, at five of the Clock in the Afternoon of each and every of the said Days in the City of Norwich;

and the Committee at such Quarterly Meetings (lull have Power to adjourn themselves from l ime to Time,

as Occasion may require, the fird of which said Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the fird of the said

Days on which the said Quarterly Meetings are herein-before appointed to be held, which shall happen after

the Election of such Committee, and at such Place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such Committee

after their Election ; and at such fiift Quarterly Meeting, and every subsequent Meeting of such Committee,

a Chairman for each such Meeting shall be chosen; and at every such Quarterly Meeting the Place at which

the then next Quarterly Meeting shall be held, shall be fixed upon and appointed by the Majority of such Com-

mittee then assembled; and the Chairman of such Committee is hereby required to cause fourteen Days No-

tice to be given of the Time and Place of the next following Quarterly Meeting of such Committee in some

of the Norzuich Newspapers; and all Matters or Things that shall come before such Committee for their

Determination shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members of such Committee there pre-

sent; and if there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any Quedion which shall come before the said Com-

mittee, after the Chairman shall be chosen, then the Chairman shall have a cading Vote, by which Vote

such Quedion in dispute shall be determined.

V. Provided nevertheless, That in case at any such Quarterly Meetings, or at any Adjournment thereof,

there shall not be present and assembled five of the Persons condituting such Committee, then and in such

Cafe no Business whatsoever shall be done at such Meeting or Adjournment, except that (if such Meeting

shall be a Quarterly Meeting) then the Majority of the Persons present shall appoint the Place at which the

then next ensuing Quarterly Meeting shall be held, and shall cause fourteen Days Notice to be given thereof

in some of the Norwich Newspapers ; or in case no such Appointment shall be made, and Notice thereof

given as aforesaid, the next Quarterly Meeting shall be held at the Place where the lad Quarterly Meeting

was appointed to be held.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any three or more

of such Committee, that, for the more effectual putting any of the Powers granted by this Act into Exe-

cution, or for settling or difeuding any Matters or Things whatsoever relative to the fame, a Special Meet-

ing of such Committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall be lawful for the said three or more

of the said Committee to direct the Clerk to give Notice of such Special Meeting of the Committee to

every Member thereof, setting forth the Place where, and the Time when, such Special Meeting shall be

appointed to be held, which Notice shall be given (even Days at the lead before the l ime appointed for such

Special Meeting ; and in case there shall be then present at such Special Meeting five of the said Committee,

it shall be lawful for such of the said Committee so present to proceed in the Execution of the Powers gi\en

by this Act to the said Committee.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Committee shall die, or decline Business as

a Woolcomber or Adaker of Worded Yarn, or shall go to reside in any County, City, or Place not subject

to the Regulations of this Act, or shall wilfully absent himself from the said Quarterly Meetings for the Space

of one Year, to refuse to act, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Committee at any of

their Quarterly Meetings, there being five of such Committee then present, to choose another proper Per-

son, being a Woolcomber or Maker of Worded Yarn within the County of Norfolk, or City of Norwich

or County of the lame City, in his Place, who shall have the fame Power and Authority as if appointed at

a General Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any twenty or more of the

Woolcombers or Alakers of Worded Yarn within the Coupty of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and

County of the fame City, that the said Committee neglect to discharge their Duty touching the Execution

of this Act, and such twenty or more of such Woolcombers or Makeis of Worded Yarn shall, in Writing

under their Hands, make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace at any of the General or Quarter

Sessionsof the Peace for the find City and County of the fame City, or any Adjournment thereof, to be

assembled, then and in such Cafe it mail be lawful for such Justices in such Sessions assembled, and they are

Tiereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the Nature of such Complaint) to call and ap-

point a General Meeting of the Woolcombers and Alakers of Worded Yarn within the County of Norfolk,

and City of Norwich and County of the lame City, at such Time and Place as such Justices shall think

proper, and shall also cause Notice to be given of such General Meeting in some of the Nonvich News-

papers, setting forth the Place where and the Time when such Genera] Meeting shall be held, the fame not

beine less than twenty-one Days after such Notice given; and it shall be lawful for such Woolcombers and

r; Alakers

