f

The TITLES of the STATUTES:

■37. An ASt for making perpetual an Act made in the

twenty-fevemh Year or the Reign of his present iVJajelty,

j intituled, An A :1 for allowing the Importation and Erpor-

I i iiion of certain Gteds, IVares, and Afercbandiz*, in the

Pfrts of Kingllon, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bav, and

Faina Lucea in thetlfland of Jamaica, in tbs Port nf Saint

George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port ^/'Roseau in

(he If sard cf Dominica, and in the Port nf Naffim in thj

Ijfond of New Providence, one oj the Bahama islands, un-

dtr certain Regulations and Tie ft notions,

38. An Act for building a Hiidge over the River South Iifk,

at or near the down cf Monirofe^ in the County of For-

far \ and for making suitable Approaches then to.

39. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Pari 1 h of Saint

Bololph without Alderfgate• in the City of London, to raise

Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have

been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and

building a new Workhouse.

40. An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the

Manufactory of Flint Glass.

41. An Act to exempt Whale Oil, and other Articles there-

j in mentioned, ar.d sold by Auction in Great Britain, from

the Duty imposed on such Sales.

I 42. An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay

' out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Se-

' Curities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging

the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General,

and for building Offices for the Mailers in Ordinary in

> Chancery, and a Pub!ick Office for the Suitors of the Laid

! Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and

1 Lunaticks, and for building Repoiitories for securing the

, Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Re-

cords and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts

# and Lunaticks.

43. An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback

, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar ;

and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee

into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships,

44. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in

the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to impower the Ala gift rates therein men-

tioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed

in the Silk Manufacture within their respective furifdiClions,

to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and

for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers

of S lk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in

the Manufacture thereof.

4;. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

r George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make

more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

1 ana other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houfts of Cor-

rection.

46. An Act for cftaWiGnng Courts of Judicature in the

Iilandof Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

47. An Act to explain and amend so much of 211 Act, made

in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as

relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

48. An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the

County of Midd!sex, to continue a Session of the Peace,

and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to beholden before the

Eflbign Day of Term* and Sitting of the King*s Bench at

IVcfiniirfsr, not with Handing the happening of such

Eflbign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s

I1 Bench at Westmirjler, or eilewhere, in the said County of

Muidljix.

49. An Act for allowing the Importation rA Kfter citron or

Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be

' under the Price mentioned in 2n Act of the twelfth Year

I of his present Majesty, and for lowering the Duty

payable on Red Mangrove Baik imported into this

Kingdom.

50. ^ An Act for the Relief of the Goaft Trade of Great

Britain ; for exempting certain -Coatt Documents from

Sjamp Duties; for aboiiihing the Bond usually called

d he 1/7: of Alan Bnd\ and for permitting Corn and

Grain brought Coafcwife to be transhipped into Li^liters^

for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from

the Forth to the Clyde. A

51. An Act to exempt certain Letters passing between Mer-

chants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce

in this Kingdom, containing Agreements with ref pert to

Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, from the

Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements.

■ 52. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of

Parliament for regulating the Snipping 2nd carrying Slaves

in British Veilcls from the Coalt of Africa.

53. An Act for the more effectual Ad mm ill ration of the Of-

fice of a suit.ee of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties

/

of Middlejtx and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis,

and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies*

54. An Act for more effectually (ecuring the Duties upon

foreign printed, painted, or flamed Paper, imported into

Great Britain.

55. An Act to render more effectual an Art, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of his present fviajeity's Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act for vrfling certain Sums in Commissioners, at

the End of every Quarter cf a Tear, to be by Them applied

to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the

Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the

said Debt, in case of future Loans.

56. An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates

of the Characters of Servants. ;

57. An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Appren-

tices.

58. An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceed-

ings upon Information in Nature of Qgto Warranto.

59. An Act to amend so much of two Acts, made in the

twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his’

late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the li-

cenfing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for

better regulating Alehouses, and the Manner of granting

such Licences in future ; and also of granting Licences to'

Persons felling Wines to be drank in their Houses.

60. An Act to remove Doubts respedYing the Fundtions cf

Juries in Cafes of Libel.

61. An Act to indemnify Persons, being Proprietors, Print-'

ers, and Editors of Newspapers and other Publications,

from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein,

mentioned, relative to Lotteries.

62* An Act for remov ing the St.nd of Hackney Conches

out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Pa-!

rish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty cf

Wcflmivfier. ; ■

63* An Act for granting Relief to Pallors, Mi aiders, and

Lay Persons of the Fpiicopal Communion in Scotland.

64. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Pa*

rish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the

City of London; and for providing a Workhouie for the

*?/

r€<

same Parish.

65. An Act to extend and render more efiediual an Art,

nailed in the twepty-sixth Year of the Rxigmof his lata

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act fofi

-enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

66. An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for

the Lie of the Parish vf Saint Par.crasj in the County <of,

d 2 Middlfex

