459

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 74.

neas per Week from the Date of the Sequestration to the Period aforesaid, and so as not to amount upon the

Whole to jnore than five PoundsCentum of the Nett Produce of the Estate : Provided always. That no

such Allowance shall be given,-if the Bankrupt has not kept, or shall not produce, such Book or Books as

may enable the Creditors and Trustee to acquire a distinct Knowledge of his Affairs.

LII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes under this Act, where the Creditors

are required to be counted in Number, any Creditor whoseDebt is below twenty Pounds Sterling shall not

be reckoned in Number, but the Debt due to such Creditor shall be computed in Value; and in the Cafes

before mentioned of compounding with or discharging the Bankrupt, any Debt due to a Creditor who has

a preferable Security or Lien upon the Bankrupt’s Estate or Effects shall not be counted in the Value, but

shall be laid aside to the Extent of what may be ascertained as the Value cf such Security or Lien, in the

Manner before directed, without Prejudice to his being counted in Number, if his whole Debt be not extin-

guished by such preferable Security or Lien, or to his being counted also in Value to the Extent of the Ba-

lance, and the fame Rule shall be followed in the Cafe cf Partnership Debts claiming upon the Estates of

individual Partners.

LIII, And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sederunt Book before mentioned shall con-

tain a full Record of all Minutes cf Meetings, (which shall be subscribed by the Prefes cf such Meetings in

the Sederunt Book,) States of Accounts, and Schemes of Division, and another Duplicate of these Minutes,

; States, and Schemes shall be subscribed by the Trustee, and, within fourteen Days after the Lapse of one

' Year from the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, shall be transmitted to the

Clerk to the Sequestration, in the Court cf Session, to lie among the Records of the Court, and within

fourteen Days after the End of every succeeding Half Year, till the Estate is finally divided, a similar Dupli-

cate of the Proceedings in the Lid Book for the Half Year preceding shall be signed by the Trustee, and

transmitted to the Clerk to the Sequestration, to lie among the Records of the Court; and Extradls of these

Writings, signed by one of the principal Clerks of Session, shall bear Evidence in all Courts of Justice ; and

the said Book of Sederunt, and the Bankrupt’s Books and Papers, and the Whole other Papers in the

Trustee’s Hands, shall at all Times be made patent to any Creditor who desires to fee the fame.

LIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Applications under this Act, which are di-

redted to be made to the Court of Section, (Fall either be made to the whole Court, while it is fitting, or to the

Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, or during any Recefsof the Court, and the Lord Ordinary

on the Bills shall have the full Powers of the Court in ordering and following out the different Steps of Pro-

ceeding required by the Act, while the Court is not fitting.

LV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Appeal shall be taken against any Order

or Interlocutor of the Couit of Section, or against any Order of the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills, in the

Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful and competent to the said Court in Time of Section, and the

Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, or during any Recess, notwithstanding such Appeal,

to make such Orders, and direct such Proceedings, as shall appear to be necessary for preventing the

Estate of the Debtor from being embezzled, secreted, damaged, or dilapidated, while the Appeal is pendant,

and every Step may in the mean 'Lime be taken in the Recovery of the Bankrupt’s Estate, and the Distri-

bution thereof, that is not repugnant or injurious to the Interest which the Party appealing by the Appeal,

infills upon.

LVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Petition for Sequestration, under

the Authority of this Act, is presented, it shall be competent for any other Creditor to concur therein,

and to follow forth the fame, even without the Consent, or after the Death of the Creditor or Creditors

originally petitioning, and the Expence disbursed therein shall be repaid by the Trustee out of the first

Money that comes into his Hands ; and if the Bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean Time, the Pro-

ceedings under this Act shall notwithstanding be carried on and followed out to their Conclusion, as if he were

in Life.

Creditors In

Number and

Value, how to

be counted.

Book of Side-

runt to be kept,

and Copy

lodged in the

Court of Session*

Book 0"Sede-

runt, &c. to be

patent to the

Creditors.

Court to pro-

ceed in Time of

Selhon, Lord

Oidinary on the

Bills in Vaca-

tien.

Court, Sec. to-

make Interim

Orders in Cafe^

of Appeals,

Orher Creditor!

may concur.

Expence to be

paid nut of the

Fur d.

If Bankrupt

die. the Se-

questiation to

proceed.

LVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of

Section toestablish such Regulations as shall appear to be most proper for carrying this Act intoeftedlual Ex-

ecution, according to the true intent thereof, and to publish die fame in any Act or Acts of Sederunt, which

shall be binding in sofar as is confident with this Act.

LV III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes under this Act, where any Thing

is directed to be done by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or where any Mention is made of the Sheriff Clerk,

or the Word County is used, it is hereby meant and intended that these Terms shall equally apply to the

Stewart Depute or Substitute, or Stewart Clerk of any Stewartry in Scotland.

LIX. And be it enacted by the Aathority aforesaid, That the Interim Manager, and likewise the Trustee,

shall at all Times be amenable to the Court of Section, by summary Application to that Court, to account

for his Intromiftions and Management, and answer for his Conduit, at the Instance cf any Party interested

and in case such Application shall appear to the Court to be groundless, he shall be entitled to his full Costs,

to be either retained out of the Funds, or recovered from the Party, as the Court shall direct ; and it shall be

competent at any Time for One-fourth of the Creditors in Value to apply summarily to the Court of Section

for having him removed, upon cause shewn ; a Majority of Creditors *in Value, at any Meeting to be adver-

tifed for the Purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove or to accept of the Resignation of any Trustee ; and

in either of these Cafes, or in the Event of the acting Trustee’s Death, the next Trustee in Succession shall be

entitled to act; and upon Failure of the several Trustees originally named,by Death or otherwise, it shall be

competent to any two of the Creditors to apply to the Court of Session to cause a Meeting of th: Creditors

to

Court may,

make tutiher

Regulations.

Sheriff an!

Stewart fynoni-

mous.

Trustee ame-

nable to trie

Court.

Power to re-

move Trustee,

or accept of his

Resignation,

New Trustee

may be named#

Ciooooie

