A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 67- 437

t

committed contrary to this Act; in respect whereof this Act shall continue in full force, until such Matters,

and every Thing dependent thereupon, shall be finally adjudged and determined.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or

other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, and Ship Carpenters, from

pursuing their lawful Occupations.—[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS many Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, and Ship Carpenters, have of late assembled them*

4 y V selves in great Numbers, and have committed many Acts of Violence; which Practices, if con-

4 tinued, may occasion great Loss and Damage to Individuals, and injure the Trade and Navigation of this

4 Kingdom :* For the better preventing such violent and injurious Practices, and more effectually punish-

ing such Offenders, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That if any Seamen, Keelmen, Carters, Ship Carpenters, or other Persons, riotously Seamen, &c.

assembled together to the Number of three or more, at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of June, in riotously aiUm-

the present Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall unlawfully and with Force j?led» who

prevent, hinder, or obstruct the loading or unloading, or the failing or navigating, of any Ship, Keel, or other th^loadin^ &c!

Vessel, or shall unlawfully and with Force board any Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, with Intent to prevent, 0fany Vessel?, ’

hinder, or obstruct the loading or unloading,or the failing or navigating, of such Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, &c. to be com*

every Seaman, Keelman, Carter, Ship Carpenter, and other Person, being lawfully convicted of any of the mit'ei coPri-

Offences aforesaid, upon any Indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and son 5

Terminer, or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden respectively, in and for the County,

Shire, Riding, Division, or District, wherein the Offence was committed, shall be committed either to the

Common Gaol for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, there to continue and remain

without Bail or Mainprize, or to the House of Correction for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or

District, there to continue and remain without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour for

any Term not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, nor less than six Calendar Months, in either Cafe re-

ipeftively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or as alfu any fu-h

Keelmen, Carter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, or other Person or Persons, at any Time Ferflms wh4>

after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall unlawfully ^ye^otheri

and with Force prevent, hinder, or obstruct any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or Keelmen, Carter or Cal- worVm*,

ters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, from working at, employing himself in, or exercising his lawful &c.

Trade, Business, or Occupation respectively, or shall wilfully and maliciously assault, beat, or wound, or use

or commit any bodily Violence or Hurt to or upon any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or Keelmen, Carter or

Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, with Intent to deter, prevent, hinder, or obstruct such Seaman

or Seamen, Keelman or Keelmen, Carter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, from working at,

employing himself in, or exercising his lawful Trade, Business, or Occupation respectively, every Seaman,

Keelman, Carter, Ship Carpenter, and other Person, being lawfully convicted of any of the Offences last-

mentioned, upon any Indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Ter-

miner, or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden respectively in and for the said County,

Shire, Riding, Division, or District, wherein the Offence was committed, shall be committed, either to the

Common Gaol for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, there to continue and remain,

without Bail or Mainprize, or to the House of Correction for the same County, Shire, Riding, Division, or

District, there to continue and remain, without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour, for any

Term not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, nor less than six Calendar Months, in either Cafe re-

spectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman, Keelman, Carter, Ship Person? offend*

Carpenter, or other Person, shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, and ing a feconii

shall afterwards offend again in like Manner, every such Seaman, Keelman, Carter, Ship Carpenter, and T,me» to be

other Person so offending again in like Manner, and being lawfully convicted thereof, upon any indictment BUllty of Felony*

to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or General or Quarter Sessions

of the Peace respectively to be holden in and for the County, Shire, Riding, Division, or District, wherein the

Offence was committed, shall, for such second and every subsequent Offence, be adjudged guilty of Felony,

and shall be transported to some of his Majesty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, for any Space of Time or

Term of Years, not exceeding fourteen Years, nor less than seven Years.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That none of the Pains, Penalties, or Pu- a£V not to ex-

nifhrtfents herein-before inflicted, or authorized to be inflicted, shall be deemed, construed, or taken to extend lend to Maim*'

to any Act, Deed, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, committed, done, or suffered in the Service, or under or by done b7 ihe Au.

virtue of the Authority of his said Majesty, or his Successors $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary of hl3

thereof in any wise notwithstanding. ajc y'

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or Seamen, &c,

Keelmen, Cafter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, or other Person or Persons, shall, at any wilfully set-iig

Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundrectand ninety-three, wilfully and Fireroany Ship,

maliciously so* D*ch*

