5J. Act Aftfordividing and inclosing the Open and Common

Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called

Chejlyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Saredon, Little

Saredon, and Great JVyrley, in the County of Stafford'.

56. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act,

of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, for dividing

and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of

Hutton Bujloell, in the North Riding of the County of

Yorks to the Township of West Ylyton, in the Parish of

Hutton Bu/bell aforesaid.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Mo7ik

Fryston, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Township of Yockiuith, in the Pariili of Bilton,

in the County of the City of York.

$9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the

several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of

Gloucester; and also for settling and ascertaining the Boun-

daries of the said Parishes.

Co. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Com-

mon Fields only, in the Parish of Alonk Sherborne, in the

County of Southampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common - Meadows, Common

Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in

the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within

the Parish of Hein {well, in the County of Lincoln.

Cy An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Cop-

pices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within die Parish of

La mb ley, in the County of Nottingham.

Cx. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed

Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons,

and other Lands, within the Parish of Gcdling., comprising*

the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, and Carl-

ton, in the County of Nottingham.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the

County of Northampton. '

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com-

mons, Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or

Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of Southleigh,

in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of

Oxford.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within

the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act to enable Nutcombe Qyick, of Nutcombe, in the

County of Devon, Clerk, and his first and other Sons and

their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their I flue, to

take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the

last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett de-

ceased, and for ratifying Conveyances made by the said

Nutcombe Quick, and his only Son, by the Surname of

Nutcombe.

69. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Ventura.

70. An Act for naturalizing Anne Maria Mainwaring and

James Mainwaring.

71. An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments,

of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in

Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to

arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Here-

ditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds,

Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands,

within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether

Hampen, Shipton Sol/ers, and Shipton Otliffe, in the Parishes

of Shipton Sailers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of

Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into

the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswclly in the famo

County.

^.ooooie

