THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

•

ving Annoying Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo tertio.

* T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminflcry the twenty-fifth Day of Nove?nbery ving Annoying

* f\ Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of our

* JL Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France,

4 and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, f$c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the thirteenth Day of December one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety-two ; being the third Session of the seventseivJi Parliament of Great BritainP

CAP. I.

An Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promiflbry or other Note?, Orders, Under-

takings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for

any other Consideration, created and issued under or in the Name of any publick

Authority in France.

4 WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the Circulation in this Kingdom of any Promiflbry or other

4 VV Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, being transferable or negociable, or purporting

4 to be negociable by Delivery, created and issued, or purporting to be created and issued, or which shall

4 hereafter be created and issued by or in the Name of any publick Authority in France, whether the fame be

4 called Assignats, or by any other Denomination whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, or rendering any

4 other Consideration to the Holders of the fame: And whereas the Circulation of the fame may be prejudicial

4 to Manufacturers, Artificers, Labourers, and others, in this Kingdom Be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every such Promiflbry or

other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, which now is or hereafter shall be issued

under or in the Name of any publick Authority in France, or shall purport so to be, shall be utterly void

and of no Effect in any Payment within this Realm, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

Preamble*

Promiflbry

Note?, &c,

issued under

any publick

Authority in

France, to be

void in any Payment.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who From Jan. 5,

from and after the fifth Day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall knowingly 1793’ iJetlout

utter, publish, or pay, or cause to be uttered, published, or paid, any such Promissory or other Note, N-wtofor.

Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof by Confession of (at not moil

the Party accused, or upon the Oath or Oaths of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before than 201. nor

any Justice of the Peace art ing in and for the County, Division, City, T own, or Place where such-uttering, ,cIs lhan 5 '•

publishing, or paying shall have happened, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not for each Note*

exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, to be levied in Manner herein-after mentioned, in

respect of each and every such Promiflbry or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation, which shall

be uttered, published, or paid as aforesaid, or which such Person or Persons shall have caused to have been

so uttered, published, or paid, whereof, ail Charges for the Recovery of the fame being, first deduffed. Application of

one Moiety shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which F' r^ures.

such Offence shall have been committed : Provided always, That any Person who shall have received in Such Notes re-

payment, before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, any such Pro- jC,vtd bcio-e

miffory or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, shall be entitled, on Demand and ^ on

Reddivery of the fame to the Person from whom the lame was received, to the full Sum for which the fame Demand by t°he

was ib uttered or paid, in lawful Money of Great Britain. Vet 'ons If0!7i

33 GeOu III. Pp III. And whom received.

J*

