A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 56.

and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information may, in any

such Court, plead the General Ijiue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to

be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it

shall appear to have been so done, or it any Action, Suit, or Information, shall he brought after the I ime'

(b limited for bringing tire fame, then and in such Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants,

or the Court of Sessions in Scotland shall dismiss the said Suit; or if the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs, Purluer or

PurfucTS, shall become Noniuit, or fuiter a DisconSnuance of his, her, or their Aition, Suit, or Informa-

tien, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verbid or Judgement, or Decilion of

the Court of Session in Scotland, shall pais against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Purfucr or Pursuers, or

if upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judge me nt fli.tl! be given against the Plaintift or Plaintiffs the Defendant

or Defendants shall have treble Coils, and mail have Inch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or De-

fendants hath or have for Colts of Suit in any A cl ion or Actions at Law.

XL VIII. And be it further enacted, 'That this Act shall take place and have Continuance from the first

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, for and during the "Term of thirty-one Years,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

XLIX. And be it (Either enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

be a Publick Act; and all Judges many of the Courts in Great Britain, Justices, and other Persons, arc

hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. LVI.

An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed

in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worded Yarn in the County of Norfolk,

and City of Norwich and County of the said City.

4 XI7HEREAS, by certain Acts of Parliament, made in the twenty-second Year of the Rcrgn of

King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for the more effectual breach ting cf Brands and /Hafts committed by Persons employed in the

4 Manufacture cf Hats, and in the IHocIlen, Linen, Fuji i an, (Hiton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax,

4 Mohair, and Silk Manufactures y and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers, and

4 Journey?nen HotpreJJers, and cf all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better

4 Payment cf their lVages\ certain Penalties and Punishments in the said Acts respectively mentioned are

4 inflicted upon all Persons who {hall reel Short or False Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials

4 used in the said Manufactures: And whereas the Purposes of the said Acts have been greatly frustrated,

4 within the County of Norfolk and City of Norwich and County of the fame City, from the Woolcombers

and Makers of Worded Yarn being unwilling to expofo thcmielves singly to the Lois attending the Rc-

4 fentment of the Spinners and Work People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts:

4 And whereas this important Branch of the Woollen Manufacture within the Places aforesaid will be greatly

4 prejudiced, unless the Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn are enabled jointly to carry the said

4 Acts into effectual Execution, and unless some further Regulations are made to prevent Frauds and

4 Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worded Yarn,

4 which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afikmbled, and by the

Authority of the same, That a General Meeting of the Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn, in

the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fame City, shall be held at the City of

Norwich? upon or before the second Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, at the

Hour of eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, Notice of which shall be given in some of the Norwich

Newspapers, at lead twenty-one Days before the said Meeting, by the Clerk of the Peace for the City of

Norwich? at which said General Meeting such of the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn as

shall be present shall have Votes, and having first chosen a Chairman, shall elect, nominate, and appoint

twelve Persons from amongd themselves, which said twelve Persons so to be elected shall be a Committee of

the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worded Yarn, until another Committee shall be chosen and ap-

pointed in the Manner herein-after provided, and so as often as there shall be Occasion ;* which Committee

are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend proper Persons to be licensed by the

Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fame City re-

(pe&ively, at any of their Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, tovbe Infpcdors for the Purposes

herein-after mentioned; an3 the said Committee shall also have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Of-

fenders against: this and the said before-mentioned Acts, and the Management of the Fund or Funds herein-

after created, and shall have Power to do all other Matters and Things which may be deemed nccoilary

and proper for carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner as the said Committee shall, from Time

to Time, think beftfor the Interest and Advantage of all the Woolcombers and Makers of Worlled Yarn

in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fame City.

II. Provided always. That no Woolcomber or Maker of Wonted Yarn, who fhrdl be employed as a

Journeyman, shall attend or have a Vote at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act* or in any

Manner interfere in the carrying of this Act into Execution.

Z a III. And

171

Generi! Iflac,

Treble Co ft*.

For li*iitinz rhe

Duration of the

A£fc to thirt)

one Years.

Pul lick A&,

Preamble.

iz Geo. 2. c. 27.

14 G-o. 3.C 4.4.

1^5 Geo. 3. c. 14.

General Meet-

inz of the Ma.

nufjiPurers ap-

poinied.

