49 6 C. 16, 17. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. «794-

com ml (Tinned

Officer! to be

deed,

Panto Officer*,

with the Con-

fjQt of tbt In-

habitant!, may

allow 10I. to

Volunteers.

Poweri of re-

cited Act, Sec.

to extend to this

Act.

Continuft&ce of

Ibis Act.

the Establishment of each Regiment or Battalion as aforesaid, there shall be allowed one Serjeant and one

Corporal; and that it shall be lawful to add one Serjeant to act as Serjeant Major, and one other Serjeaat to

ad as Quarter Matter Serjeant, to each Battalion confiding of four hundred Private Men and upwards, ovet

and above such Proportion of Serjeants and Corporals as aforesaid.

V. And whereas by the hereinbefore recited Act, of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, it is among other Things enacted, That the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any

c PariQi, Tithing, or Place, shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants, taken at a Vestry in the Manner

4 therein mentioned, allow to any Volunteer or Volunteers, to serve in the Militia of any County or Place,

the Sum of six Pounds each, to serve in the Militia for such Parish, Tithing, or Place: And whereas it is

4 proper that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any PariQi, Tithing, or Place, Qiould be

4 empowered to allow a further Sum ;* be it therefore enacted, That such Churchwardens and Overseers

shall, and they are hereby empowered, with such Consent as aforesaid, to give to any Volunteer or Volun-

teers, inrolled by virtue of the said Act, any Sum on Sums of Money not exceeding ten Pounds each, such

Sum or Sums of Money to be raised and recovered in the same Manner, and with the like Power of Appeal

as is directed by the said Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rules, Regulations,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the aforesaid Act of the twenty-sixth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or in any other Act, that shall be passed in this Session of Parliament,

relative to the raising, training, paying, cloathing, embodying, and calling out the Militia, shall be applied,

practised, and putin Execution, with respe&to the additional Volunteer Companies, or Volunteers added

as Privates aforesaid, by this Act directed to be raised, in as full and ample Manner as if the said several

Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses. Matters, and Things, were herein again at large re-

peated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, feve and except so far as the feme are altered by any

Provisions contained in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this AS shall be and continue in force until the first Day of January

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

cap. xvir.

An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called

The Penny Post.—[28th March 1794.]

WHEREAS every Letter sent by the Penny Port from Londan or Westminster% the Borough of

4 y, Sontlrwark, or the respective Suburbs thereof, and delivered to any Person at any. Place out of the

4 Cities of London and lVeflminster+ the Borough of Southward and the respective Suburbs thereof, is

4 subject to the Charge of one Penny, over and above the Penny paid upon putting every such Letter into the

4 Penny Poll Office: And whereas, towards defraying the Expence of a more frequent and speedy De-

4 livery of letters by the Penny Post, it is reasonable that Letters conveyed by the said Carriage called The

4 Penny Post, from Places out of the said Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, to Places within

4 those Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, should be charged with the Payment of an additional

4 Penny in like Manner :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Postmaster Gene-

ral, and his Deputy and Deputies, Officer and Officers, by him thereunto sufficientiy authorized, to de-

mand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every Letter originally sent by the said Carriage called

The Penny Pofty and not first naffing by the General Post, from any Place out of the Cities of London and

WestminJter, the Borough of Southwark) and the respective Suburbs thereof, to any Place within the said

Cities and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof respectively, the Sum of one Penny in Addition to the Sum

of one Penny now payable for the Conveyance of every such Letter.

II. And whereas a Penny per Letter for every Letter originally sent by the Penny Post (and not first

4 passing by the General Poll) to any Place within the Delivery of the Penny Post is now paid on putting

4 every such Letter into a Penny Post Office: And whereas it may be convenient that the Postage of Letters

4 should be paid in one Sum, either on putting in the fame or on Delivery thereof, at the Option of the Per-

4 (bns fending the fame;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be optional in the Person and Persons fending any Letter or Letters originally by the Penny Post, (and not

first passing by the General Post,) either to pay the Postage of every such Letter or not, as he or they may

think proper, on putting the fame into any Penny Post Office, and that where the Postage shall be paid by

the Person fending the fame, such Letter shall be delivered free from any other Rate or Duty of Postage.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (nail and may be lawful to and for his

h h Majesty’s Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, Officer and Officers, to demand, have, receive,

Ti/hVnot been ta^e for Conveyance of every Letter originally sent by the Penny Post, (and not first passing by the

said 00 put ling

General Post,) the Postage whereof shall not be paid on putting the feme into i Penny Post Office, the

ut»eri into tbt several Rates or Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fayj

Penny Toft Office,

For

td. additional to

be paid for Let-

ters sent by the

Penny Pod

«rrm any Place

¥ jtfvmt to any

Place within

London, Wed-

mi r.fter, Sou h-

Or ark, and the

Suburb*.

Postage may be

paid if n-t 00

paring Letter!

into the Office.

Thf following

Ratcito be taken

