A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 63—65.

to be reckoned from and after the said first Day of July, be present twice in the same Year at Divine Ser-

vice in any Episcopal Chapel or Meeting'House as aforesaid, whereof the Pastor or Minister shall not pray,

in express Words, for his Majesty by Name, for his Majesty’s Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal

Family, in Manner herein-before directed; and it {hall be competent for any Peer of Scotland present at

the Election of the said sixteen Peers, or of any of them, to make this Objection, and to prove the fame

by a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by referring it to the Oath of the Peer so objected to, which

Oath the Lord Clerk Register, or either of the two Clerks of Session appointed by him to officiate in his

Name, at such Election of sixteen Peers, or of any of them, is hereby impowered to administer; and in

case the fame shall be proved, or the Peer so objected to shall admit the Fact or refuse to depote concerning

it, he shall be and is hereby disqualified from and rendered incapable of voting or being chosen at any such

Election as aforesaid; but such Admission or Confellion upon Oath or otherwise so made at such Meeting

assembled for any such Election, shall not be made ufc of or given in Evidence against any such-Peer, upon

any Prosecution for any Penalty inflicted by this or any former Act of Parliament.

prove the fame as he.ein mentioned* Confession of any Peer not to be made use of upon Profeci

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of being

elected, or of voting in any Election of a Member of Parliament for any Shire or Borough in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, or of being elected or voting in the Election of a Magistrate or Counsellor

for Boroughs, or of Deacon of Crafts within Burgh, or of a Collector or Clerk of the Land 'Fax or Supply,

who shall at any Time after six Months, to be reckoned from and after the first Day of July aforesaid, be

present twice in the lame Year, at Divine Service, in any Episcopal Church pr Meeting House as aforesaid,

whereof the Pastor or Minister shall not pray, in express Words, for his Majesty by Name, for his Ma-

jesty’s Heirs or Successors, and for all the Royal Family, in Manner herein-before directed; and it shall

be competent for any Candidate or Member of the Meeting assembled for any such Election to make this

Objection, and to prove the fame by a Witness or Witness, upon Oath, or by referring it to the Oath

of the Person objected to, which Oath the Prefes or Clerk of such Meeting is hereby impowered to admi-

nifter; and in case the fame shall be proved, or the Person so objected to mall admit the Fast, or refuse to

depose concerning it, he shall be and is hereby disqualified from and rendered incap'able of voting or being

chosen at any such Election as aforesaid; but such Admission or Confession upon Oath or otherwise so made

at such Meeting assembled for any such Election, shall not be made use of, or given in Evidence against any

such Person upon any Prosecution for any Penalty inflicted by this or any former Act of Parliament. -

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick

Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and odflBjPersons whomso-

ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bridey in

the City of London; and for providing a Wofkhouse for the same Parish.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to extend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging

and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas* 4

4 H EREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas,

the Oath therein preferred is required to be taken by every Person upon his Admission to his Freedom in

the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey Com-

4 pany> either before the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company, or before two Juiticcs of

the Peace: And whereas divers British Subjects resident in Foreign Parts have desired, and do and are

4 likely to desire Admission into the said Company; but, by reason of such their Residence in Foreign Parts,

4 have been, and are prevented from qualifying themselves in the Manner prescribed by the said Act:’ For

Remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most

Excellent Majesty,* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first

Day of June one thousand fev^n hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gover-

nor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey

Company, or the major Part present at any General Court of the said Company, to appoint, under the Seal of

the said Company, any Person or Persons resident in Foreigq Parts to administer the Oath prescribed by the

above-mentioned Act of the twenty:ljxth Year of his late.Majesty King George the Second, to all and every

British Subjects and Subject resident in Foreign Parts, desiring Admissioninto the said Company; all which

Persons, and eachapd every of them so appointed by the said Company, shall be, and are and is hereby au-

thorifed and required to administer the said Oath accordingly, and to certify, und^r the Hand and Seal of

each*. o^ny.ope or more of them respectively* that the said Oath was taken by on the

267

of the 16 Peers,

or of, voting in

the Election of

them, who /hall

be present twice

in one Year in

any Episcopal

Chapel where

the Royal Fa-

mily is not

prayed for.

Any Peer pre*

frnc at such

Election may

make the Ob-

jcftinn, and

ition for Penalty,

No Person capa-

ble of being

elected, or of

v in ihe

Election of a

Member of Par-

liament, Src. in

Scotland, who

/hall be present

twice in one

Year at Divine

Service where

the Royal Fa-

mily /hall not be

prayed for, and

every Candidate,

&c. may pmve

the Objection in

Manner herein

mentioned, &c.

Publick Act.

Preamble.

26 Geo. 2. c, i8*

recited.

The Turkey

Company may

appoint Persons

to adrninifier the

Oa:h prescribed

by the recited

Act, to British

Si.bjefts resident

in Foreign Parts,

who, after tak-

ing the fame,

may be admitted

into the Com-

pany.

