i6o C. 54. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179*,

Master to cause

a printed Ab-

jftraft of this

Act, &c. to be

hung up in the

mod publick

Place in his

Vessel, on Pe-

nalty of zo 1*

If mutinous

Officer?, &c.

be taken into

Custody in Afri-

ca, or the Weft

Indie?, a State-

ment, upon

Oath, to be

lodged with the

Governor, &c,

and if the Wit-

upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief and Remedy therein as the Circumstances of the Cafe

may require ; and in case none of his Majesty’s Ships are present, the Cause of Complaint shall be fully exa-

mined into by the Master and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship’s Company ; and if it shall be judged

necessary, for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo, to continue the Offender or Offenders in Confinement, such

Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Reasons for coming to such Refclution stated at large,

and iigned by the Master and two Officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds,

to report, without Delay, to the Captain or Commander of the tirft Shipior Vessel belonging to his Majesty

they may fall in with, and in Default thereof to report the fame to the Governor or Chief Officer of

any British Fort on the Coast of Africa, or to the Governor of any of the West India Islands, on their Arrival

at any Port or Road therein, that such Measures may be taken to bring the Offender or Offenders to Justice

as the Nature of the Cafe will admit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-

mand of every such Ship or Vessel, shall cause a printed Abstract of th is A dr, and also a Copy of the

Schedule (A), and of the Muster-roll, respectively annexed to this Act, to be hung up and affixed to the most

publick Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the fame to be constantly kept and renewed, so that at

all Times they may be accessible to the Officers and Seamen on Board of such Ship or Vessel, upon Pain

that every such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or

Vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum* of twenty

Pounds.

XVI!. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or Se-

dition, shall be delivered over or taken into Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of any

Fort on the Coast of Africa, or the Governor of any of the Islands in the British) Wft Indies, a full Statement,

upon Oath, which they are hereby impowered to administer, shall be made out and lodged with the said Go-

vernor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alleged against the Pri-

foner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial at the next Admiralty Sessions for the Offence

or Offences alledged against him or them ; and in case the said Witness or Witnesses. shall neglect to

appear at the Trial, upon being duly summoned, he or they shall incur such Penalty as the Court shall

adjudge.

nefles do not ap-

pear attheTrial, they shall incur a Penalty.

Officers, Sec. to

continue in Pay

till the Vessel is

cleared Inwards.

Wages of Run

Men to go to

Greenwich Hof-

pital, &c.

Where Offences

may be tried, and

Penalties sued

for*

Limitation of

Actions.

Persons taking

false Oaths, to

incur the Pains

of Perjury, &c.

Continuance of

this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Arrival of every Ship

or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, the Officers and Seamen therein shall be continued in full

Pay and Provisions until the Ship is cleared inwards, or their Accounts are settled and paid ; and that all

Wages due to Run Men shall be forfeited and paid, one Half to the lTfe of Greenwich Hof pit al, and

the other Half to the Merchants Hospital of the Port to which such Ship belongs ; and all other Forfeitures

shall be applied as is specified in the Articles of Agreement; any Custom, Law, or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach or

Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Uyer and Terminer, in any County in England wherein

any such Offence shall have been committed, or, in case any such Offence shall have been committed of the

Seas, or in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on Board which such Offence

shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of MidJIfx; and any Penalty or For-

feiture inflicted by this A61, may be prosecuted, lued for, and recovered in any Court of Record in Great

Britain, and in every such Action or Suit the Party against whom Judgement shall be given (whether Plain-

tiff’or Defendant) shall pay double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any

Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such Action shall be

carried on without wilful Delay.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, taking any Oath by this Act

authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully pro-

cure or suborn any Person to take any Oath, by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby

such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer die like Pains and

Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Suborna-

tien of Perjury.

XXL And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force till the first Day of August

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or suing

any Person in consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Acct.

SCHEDULE.

