i°7

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30.

poles of this Act, be included and considered as Part thereof, all such Cities, Towns, or Places, locally

situated within the said several Counties, as are Counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt

Jurisdiction, and which do not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding, or Division in which they

are situated.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, for the like Purposes, the several Counties of that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland shall also be divided into Districts, in the following Manner ; (that is to say,) The

Counties of Fife, Kirtrofs, Clackmannan, Stirling, Linlithgow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh,

Selkirk, and Peebles, {hall be the thirteenth District; the Counties of Dumfries, IVigton, and Ayr, and the

Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, shall be the fourteenth District; the Counties of Argyle, Dumbarton, Lanerk,

Renfrew, and Bute, {hall be the fifteenth Didrift ; the Counties of Orkney and Shetland, Caithness, Suther-

land, Ross, Inverness, Cromarty, Nairn, Elgin, Banff, Aberdeen, Kincardine, Forfar, and Perth, shall be the

sixteenth District.

XXSIIL And be it further enacted, That such of the Ports and Places in the Counties of Ross and

Inverness, as are situated on the Wed Coad of Scotland, including the Ides comprehended in those

Counties, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be within the fifteenth Didrift,

and not within the sixteenth Didrift, in which the said Counties of Ross and Inverness are herein before

comprised.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Exportation and Importation of the several Sorts of Corn,

and of the other Articles herein-before mentioned, and the Payment of the Duties on foreign Corn, Meal,

and Flour, imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn and other Articles exported, shall be regulated in

the Port of London, and in the several rorts of Kent, Effiex, and Sussex, composing the fird of the Didrifts

before mentioned, by the Prices taken of the several Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal at the Corn Exchange

in Mark-lane, in the City of London, in Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) The several Proprie-

tors of the said Corn Exchange, who are intruded with the Management and Direction thereof, or the major

Part of them, {hall, and they are hereby authorised and required, within one Week after the Fead of Saint

John the Baptist,onz thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to meet, and, under their Hands and Seals, no-

minate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not being aCorn Factor, Merchant, Clerk,Agent, or other Person

buying Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Malt, Meal, or Flour made thereof) tobelnfpeftor of Corn Returns,

and so from Time to Time, within twenty-eight Days after the Death, Removal, or Resignation of any

such Inspector, to nominate and appoint feme other fit and proper Person as aforesaid, to be Inspector of Corn

Returns ; and every such Inspector {hall, and he is hereby required, within one Week after he has received

his Appointment, to deliver the fame to the Lord Mayor or one of the Aldermen of the said City, and then

enter into a Bond to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved

by the Lord Mayor or by the said Alderman, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, for the'faithful accounting

for, and Payment of, all Monies that {hall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act; and he shall at the fame

Time take the following Oath, which Oath the said Lord Mayor, or one of the said Aldermen, is hereby

authorised and impowered to administer;

44 T A. B. do swear. That I will at all Times make due and true Returns to the Receiver of Corn

44 X Returns appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the

44 Third, intituled, [Here set forth the Title^ of the At7,] and in all Things, to the belt of my Skill and Judge-

44 ment, conform myself, as Inspector of Corn Returns, to the Directions of the said Act.”

And the said Appointment, and also a Certificate of his having taken such Oath, shall be delivered by the Lord

Mayor or the said Aldermen, at the next Sessions of the Peace for the said City, and shall be then and there

inroiled ; and the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby

required forthwith to provide, out of the Monies arising from the Estate belonging to them as Proprietors of

the Corn Exchange, a proper and convenient Office, either within the Com Exchange, or as near thereunto as

may be, for the Ufc and Accommodation of the said Inspector of Corn Returns, wherein all Books, Papers,

and Returns belonging to such Inspector shall be deposited, and over which shall be written in legible Charac-

ters, Office of Irishctior of Corn Returns.

XXXV. And oe it further enacted, That in case the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them as afore-

said, shall refuse or neglect, within the respective Times herein-before mentioned, to nominate and appoint a

iit and proper Person to be Inspector of Corn Returns, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor and

Aldermen of the said City, and they are hereby required, at the Sessions of the Peace that shall next imme-

diately be held after such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, or at an Adjournment of the fame to be held within

oneWeek thereafter for that Purpose, or at some subsequent Sessions, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper

Person (not being a Miller, Maltster, Corn Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for

Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, or Malt made thereof) to be Inspector of Corn Returns, which Appoint-

ment {hall be then and there inroiled; and the Person so appointed {hall then take the Oath before directed,

and a Certificate of his having taken such Oath shall then and there be inroiled ; and he shall, within three

Da) rs at lead after such Appointment, give Bond in the Manner and Form before required.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person, who shall have been appointed as aforesaid to the said

Office of Inspector of Corn Returns, shall be removeable therefrom, except on Complaint of Misbehvaiour

ci Neglect of Duty in his Office, made at the Sessions of the Peace holden for the (kid City, and then and

P 2 there

as also the Coun-

ties of Scotland#

The Ports In the

Counties of Ross

and Inverness,

and the Isles

thereof, to be

deerc within

the 15th District#

The Exports*

tien, &c. of

Com to be re-

gulated in Un-

don. and Kent,

EflTex and Sussex,

by the Prices at

the Corn Ex-

change 5

the Proprietors

whereof are,

wirhin a Week

after June 24,

1791, to appoint

an Inspector of

Corn Returns.

Inspector to give

Bond, and take

the following

Oath,

which, with the

Appointment, it

to be inroiled.

An Office to he

provided for the

Inspector.

In case of Ne-

gleft of the Pro-

prietors of the

Co n Exchange,

the Lord Mayor

and Aldermen to

appoint an In-

speftor,

No Inspector re-

moveable, but

by the Lord

Mjj or,&c#

