A.D. 1793'. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 47.

such additional annual Sum, for 4he Expences of managing and paying the said Annuities which by this Act

shall be transferred to them, as the said Commissioners or High Treasurer shall think just and reasonable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall tecain and keep their

Share of the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, until their exclusive Trade in, to, and from the Eojl

Indies, and other Parts within the Limits of their Charter, subject to any Limitations or Restrictions, shall

be determined by the Authority of Parliament, then and in such Cafe, notwithstanding the Consolidation

thereof with the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, there shall be paid by the Publick

to the said Company, antecedent to any Determination of the said exclusive Trade, the full Amount of the

Capital of the Company’s Share of and] in the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, or

so much thereof as the said Company shall have so kept and retained, rating the fame at Par, together with

all Arrears of Interest, if any shall be due in respect thereof, any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act, to

the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas, in the present Circumstances of the said Company, it is fit and proper that they

should be impowered to raise a? further Sum of Money, beyond what they are authorized by Law to raise

for the Purposes to which the fame is herein-after directed to be applied; and it is expedient that such

c Money should be raised by a further Increase of their Capital Stock:’ Be it further enacted, That it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, by and

with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or

any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereaf-

ter, to open Books, and to receive Subscriptions from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bo-

dies Politick or Corporate, for enlarging their present Capital Stock or Fund of five millions to any Sum

not exceeding the further Sum of one million Capital Stock, so as to make their whole Capital Stock the

Sum erf six millions; which said additional Capital Stock shall be subscribed and paid for at the Rate of t.vvo

hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of such Stock, or at such other Rate as the Court of Di-

redors of the said Company, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Trea-

fury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall

direct; which said Subscription shall be made, and the Money for the said additional Stock shall be paid, in

such Manner and Form, and by such Inflallments and Proportions, as the said Court of Directors with such

Consent and Approbation as aforesaid shall appoint, and the Capital Stock so subscribed and paid for shall

from and after the Time of such Payment be deemed, considered, and taken as and for a Part of the Capital

Stock of the said Company; and the said Subscribers, from and after the Time of making full Payment for

the said additional Stock, and their respective Executors or Administrators, and Assigns, shall at all Times be

deemed and reputed to be Members of the said Company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled

unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the Profits, Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities,

and be subject and liable to all and every the Regulations, Rules, and Orders, where to the present Stock

Holders and Members of the said Company, in relped of the Stock held by and belonging to them, are re-

spectively entitled, subject and liable unto, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Charter, or Bye Law, or other-

wife howfoeven; and the said additional Stock mall be transferable and assignable, and the Proprietors and

Holders thereof shall hold their respective Shares of the said additional Stock, in like Manner respectively as

the present Stock Holders of the said Company now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective

Sums belonging or to belong to them in the present Capital Stock of the said Company, and the fame shall

in all Respects be consolidated and united into one Joint Capital Stock.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may, from Time to Time, make and

pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock as they now do, or hereafter shall and

may lawfully make and pay to the Proprietors and Holders of the present Stock of the said Company, the

fiift of which said Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be specified in the Proposals or Terms

to be offered for the said. Subscription by the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as^

aforesaid.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Court of Directors,. with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to give the Option and Preference in

subscribing for the said additionaLStock to such Persons as shall hold the said Company’s Stock at the Time

or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, as far as, and not exceeding, the Amount of fifty Pounds per

Centum on the Capital Stock which fhalDhen be held by each Stock Holder so subscribing, for all such Sums

as they, shall subscribe on or before the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hunded and ninety-three

and in case the Subscription made by them, on or before that Day and Year, shall exceed the Sum proposed

to he sold at that Time, a proportionable Dcdudion shall be made from each Subscription; and if such Sub-

scription shall, on the Close thereof on the Day and Year last before-mentioned, fall short of the Sum pro-

posed to be sold, the Deficiency shall be disposed of to other Persons in such Manner as the said Court of Di-

redors,. with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

Deduction to be made, and if left, the Deficiency may be disposed 0

XI. . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-

flrued to extend, to hinder or reftrid the Court of Directors of the said Company, by and with such Consent

and Approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Cor-

porate, for the Sale of the Whole of the said additional Capital Stock, or for such Part or Parts thereof as

they shall from Time to Time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell; but it shall and may be law-

ful for the said Court, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to fell the

Whole or any Part thereof to one or more Person or Persons.

XII. And

3+1

for Management

of Annuities,

A ny Sh re of

the Annuities

retained by the

Company, o be

paid them at

Far antecedent

to the Determi-

nation of their

exclusive Trade.

The Crmpany

with Content of

the Treasury

may add

J,coo,oooo7. to

their Capital

Stock.

Subscribersto b%

incorporated

with the Com-

pany.-

The like DtvJ^

dends to be paid

on additional

Stock as on the

present.

Preference in

subscribing to

be given to the

present Propri-

etors, not ex-

ceeding 50I per

Com. on their

Capitals.

If the Subscrip-

tien by Propri*

etors be more

than sufficient, ft

prr potti.mable

f to other Perfouf*

The additional

Stock, with the

Consent of the

Treasury, may

be sold to one or

more Pet foot.

