A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 61, 62.

XXXIX. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Parts of this Act, from

and after the respective Times appointed for the Commencement thereof, shall continue in force until and

upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. LXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[17th 1793J

c Molt Gracious Sovereign,

c XT 7E your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

* VV anembl6d, towards raising theneceflary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, have

x freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of six hundred and seventy-five thousand

* Pounds, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of fifty thousand Tickets, at thirteen Pounds ten Shillings

* each, in such Manner as is herein-after directed and appointed : And whereas, pursuant to, and upon

4 the several Terms and Conditions expressed in, the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened

c at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of six hundred

4 and seventy-five thousand Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and

4 Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound five Shillings in respect of every such Ticket, your faithful

4 Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled €sfc.

44 All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required

44 to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. i Cashier to give Security, to the

44 Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury ; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer.

44 Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000/. the

44 Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of

I 44 the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prescribed. Managers to

44 examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt

44 for the fame. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Money re-

44 ceived and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle

44 Columns to be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk ^ and cut off’ indentwife into a Box marked

1 44 with the Letter (A), and put into another Box, to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with

44 two Columns, on each of which 50,000 Tickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outermost Column of

1 44 the last-mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B),

44 &c. Publick Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on

44 February 17, 1794. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be

44 adjusted by the Managers. Forging Tickets, made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering,

i 44 Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50/. Reward. No Attainder for any the Offences against this-

44 Act shall make any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs. Managers to be

44 sworn. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book, giving a Note for

1 44 the fame, which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 13/. 10 s. paid. After July 5, 1793, the

i 44 Cashier may deliver Tickets not exceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed ; and shall give

i 44 Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after dedudling the Value of the Tickets so delivered. Contribu-

1 44 tors, not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets

: 44 be returned to the Managers, &V. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, iffc. as

44 they shall think fit. The 500,000/. for the Payment of the fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Sup-

l 44 plies granted this Session ; and {hall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on July », 1794,.

44 tJc. Managers to give Notice of the Times'for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be

44 numbered, and ligned, &V. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to defray the incidental Ex-

■j 44 pences attending the Execution of this Act. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-

44 monies, or for any Receipts, tsV. on Penalty of 20/.”

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to attend at the Place of

drawing the Tickets in the said Lottery, for the Purpose of taking down the Numbers of the Tickets as the

• time shall be drawn, or the Benefits to belong to the fame, unless such Person shall be employed as a

Clerk for that Purpose by the said Managers and Directors, or unless such Person shall be lice tiled so to do by

three or more of the Commissioners for the Time being, for managing the Duties on damped Vellum*

Parchment, and Paper, by writing under their Hands and Seals.

1

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners

of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be obliged to provide proper Numerical Books,

containing the Numbers of the fifty-thousand Tickets in the said Lottery, in Arithmetical Progression, as

t aforesaid, every of which Books shall exceed in Length twenty-one Inches, and in Breadth seventeen

Inches, and shall be bound in stiff Milled Boards, and shall be stamped and marked on every Leaf thereof by.

a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and tiled for that Purpose by the said Commissioners^; and the

i laid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority to grant such Licences

1 to such Persons, who shall be duly licensed to keep Lottery Offices, and ro such other Persons atfting on

3 G z Account

409

Continuance of

the A&

Mo Person to-

take down thr

Numbers of the

Tickets at the

Time of draw-

ing, unhfs em-

ployed as a Clerfc-

or licensed so 10

do.

Persons so II-

censed by the

Commissioners

of Stamps, to

provide.Buok«*

which /hall be

stumped on every

Leaf.

Commissioners

to giant such-

D  by

