A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. 0.17,18. 497

For the Conveyance of every Letter sent from any Place within the Cities of x London and Westminslcr% R*tc,»

the Borough of Southward and the respective Suburbs thereof, to any other Place within the same Citiys

and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, the Sum of one Penny:

And for the Conveyance of every Letter sent from any Place within the same Cities and Borough, and the

Suburbs thereof, to any Place out of the fame, the Sum of Two-pence:

And for the Conveyance of every Letter sent from any Place out of the said Cities and Borough, and the

Suburbs thereof respectively, to any Place within the same, or from any Place out of the said Cities and

Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, to any ether Place out of the lame, the Sum of Two-pence,

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt Letters put into a Penny

Poll Office to he forwarded by the General Poll, from the Payment of the Duty now chargeable thereon on

putting the fame into such Penny Poll, but that the Sum of one Penny a Letter for each Letter put into a

Penny Post Office to be forwarded by the General Post, shall be paid upon putting the fame into a Penny

Pod: Office as heretofore ; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwith-

{landing.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one Penny per

Letter, payable upon the Delivery of every Letter originally passing by the General Post, directed to any

Person at any Place or Places beyond the Delivery of the Inland or Foreign Department of the General Post

Office, and within the Delivery of the Penny Post, shall be paid on Delivery by the Penny Post, in the

Manner directed by an Act, made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge several Provssions in an

Art, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Arts relating to the Revenue of the

Post Office); any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

id. to be paid »/*

putting Letters

into the Penny

Post to be for-

warded by the

Geiicial Post.

The id. for

Letters patting

originsHy by the

General Post to

Places out of itl

Limits of Deli-

very and withia

I hole of the

Penny Post, to

be paid agree-

able to 5 Geo. HI. Cap. 25.

VI. 4 And whereas the Conveyance of Letters by the Penny Post is by Law limited to ten English Miles

4 distant from the General Post Office in London : And whereas it may be expedient to extend the Convey-

4 alice of Letters by the said Post beyond that Distance in certain Cafes ;* be it therefore further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Postmaster General, for

the Time being, at any Time after the passing of this Act, at his and their Discretion to extend the Con-

veyance and Delivery of Letters by the said Carriage called The Penny Post, beyond the Distance of ten

Engli/h Miles from the said General Post Office in London; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the

contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

and Regulations herein contained, with respect to the Post called The Penny Post, established within the

Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, shall

extend and be applied to the several Cities and Towns, and the Places adjacent thereto respectively, in which

Penny Post Offices are already established, or hereafter may be established, within Great Britain, and that

the Postmaster General, for the Time being, shall and may in his Discretion extend the Conveyance and

Delivery of Letters by the Penny Post beyond the Distance of ten English Ad lies from such Cities and Towns

in which Penny Post Offices are already or may hereafter^be established, and that the fame Rates of Postage

hereby made payable, shall and may be received in such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus which shall remain at the

End of each Quarter of all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, after defraying

the additional Expence of the more frequent Delivery of Letters by the Penny Post, shall be, and be deemed

Part of the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General, and

{hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

The Delivery of

Letters by the

Penny Post may

be extended be-

yond 10 Miles

from the Gene-

ral Post Office.

The Power* of

this Act to ex-

tend to all Placet

where Penny

Post Offices are

or shall be

established.

The Surplus of

the Rates at the

End of each

Quarter to be

derraed Part of

the Revenue of

the General Post Office,

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons {hall at any Time or Times be sued, mo-

lested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any

Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, General Issue,

and give the Special Matter in Evidence far his or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass

for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant

or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Costs,

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets

between Great Britain and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey> and within those

islands.—[28th March 1794.]

c \ X 7 HERE AS it hath been found necessary for the Convenience and Improvement of T rade and Com-

4 VV merce, and for the more speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and

4 the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and froip ther.ee to the Islands of Alderney and Sark, to establish one

4 or more Packet Boats between the Port of Weymouth in the County of Dorset, or such other Port in Great

3 S 2 4 Britairiy

