A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 21, 22. 191

Acts, or either of them, shall, and the fame are hereby declared to extend to all and every Maker and Makers

of Soap of what Kind or Quality soever, and shall be used, practised, applied, and put in Execution, against

all and every Maker and Makers of Soap, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were particularly and ex-

pressly enacted in the Body of this Act.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the

Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights \ and to amend the

Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to

the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's freights.

4 tl J HEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled. An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Green-

4 land Seas and Davis’s Streights, certain Bounties were given for five Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of

4 December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, under various Regulations and Restrictions," to the

4 Owners of every Ship or Vefiel which should be employed in the said Fishery: And whereas by an Act,

4 passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encou-

raging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern JVhale Fisheries, further Regulations

and Restrictions were made with respect to allowing the Bounties to the Owners of Vessels employed in the

4 said Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights: And whereas the said fuss-recited

4 Ad, and so much of the last-recited Act as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and

Davis's Streights, has by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, been

4 continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two: And

4 whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be continued in like Manner for a further Term

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That the said recited Act passed in the twenty-sixth Y ear of the Reign of his pretent Majesty,

and also so much of the said recited Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be, and the fame are

hereby continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, ex-

cept so far as the same are expressly varied or altered by this present Act.

Preamble.

2,6 Geo. 3. c. 4i9

and

29 Geo. 3.0 53#

recited,

and the former

Act, and so much

of the la'.ter as

relates to the

Fisheries in the

Greenland Seas

and Davis’s Streights, continued to Dec, 25, 1798, except where altered by the present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That instead and in lieu of the Bounty granted

by the said recited Acts, the following Bounties or Premiums shall be paid and allowed; that is to say,

A Bounty or Premium of twenty-five Shillings^ Ton for each and every Ship or Vessel, as shall proceed

upon and return from the said Fishery, between the twenty - fifth Day of December one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth Day of Dcce?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

having fully complied with all the Requisitions of the before recited Acts, as amended and continued by this

Ad; and a Bounty or Premium of twenty Shillings per Ton for each and every Ship or Vefiel as shall pro-

ceed upon and return from the said Fishery, between the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand leven

hundred and ninety-five, and the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight, having fully complied with all the aforesaid Requisitions.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vefiel, having on Board

one Apprentice for every fifty Tons Burthen,-every such Apprentice not exceeding the Age of twenty Years,

nor being under twelve Years, at the Time he shall be indentured, shall be deemed properly fitted and quali-

fied, with respect to the Number and Age of Apprentices, to proceed on the said Fishery to the Greenland

Seas and Davis's Streights, and to be entitled to the respective Bounties granted by this Act.

Instead of the

Bounties granted

by the recited

Acts, those

herein specified

to be allowed.

Every Vessel,

having an Ap-

prentice not ex-

ceeding 20 Year*

of Age, nor un-

der 1 a, when in-

dertured, for

every 50 Tons Burthen, to be intitled to the Bounties*

IV.‘ And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under the Provisions of the said first recited Act, passed in

the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Whaie Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil,

4 or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures, taken 01 caught in the said Green-

4 land Seas or Davis's Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British Subjects usually refilling in Great Britain

4 or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernjiy, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, in British Ships or Veilcls, owned,

4 registered, and navigated as required by Law, but not fitted out in other Respects under the Regulations re-

4 quired by the said Act to entitle such Ships or Vessels to the Bounty therein given, will ha\e a Right to im-

4 port the fame into this Kingdom, without paying any Custom or other Duty To obviate which Doubts, be

it enacted by the Authority-aforesaid, That Whale Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins,

or any other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in any Part of the Ocean by British

Subjects, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Gucrtly, ferfey, Alderney, Sark, or

Man, in Ships or Vessels built in either of the said Kingdoms or Islands, owned, registered, and navigated

according to Law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain without paying any Custom or other Duty

for the fame, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that Proof be made,

that the said Articles were actually caught and taken by the Crew of the Vefiel in which they are imported,

32 Geo. III. C c by

Any Produce of

Creatine- caught

in the Ocean by

British Subjects,

usually rffi 'ing

in Great Britain,

See. may be im-

ported Duty-

free, if the Re*

