306

Commissioner*

to apply the

Monry in pur-

clnfing redeem-

able public An*

auitie?.

whkh shall ba

transferred to

their Account,

and the Divi-

dends placed

thereto.

Dividend* of

redeemed

Stock to be set

apart out of the

Consolidated

Fund, and ap-

plied by the

Commissioneri

under the Regu-

lations of 2f6

Geo. ill. Cap.

*«

7% Geo. III.

Oap. 68.

C. 22,23. AfMiotricesimotertio GEOROii.III. A.D. 1793^

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said principal Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding two hundred thoufun J Pounds, which are hereby directed to be placed to the Account of the

said Commissioners, (hill be applied by the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and re-

auired to apply the fame in Payment for the Purchal'e or such redeemable Publick Annuities as shall be below

Pary if any, and if there (ha I be no such Tubliclc Annuities below Par, then to the Purchase of any such

Publick Annuities at or above Par, in the following Manner; that is to lay. That all such Sums of Money, not

exceedingtwo hundred thousand Pounds so to be applied, which shall have been placed to the Account of the said

Commissioners, on or before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall

be applied, over and above the Sums applicable by virtue of the said herein before mentioned Act of the

twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, to the Purchase of such Annuities in equal Portions as nearly as

may be, on every Day {Saturdays and Mvvlajs excepted) 0:1 which the fame shall oe tcansferrable, between

the hr ft Day of one tho'jfand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the lirlt Day of February one

tfiouland leven hundred and ninety-four; and all such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Publick.

Annuities, as shall be purchded by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be transferred to the

Account of the said Commissioners, in the Hooks of the Governor and Company of the Hank of England,

of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the Scrub Seas and other Parts of

America, or of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the.£V? Indies, respectively, as

the Cafe may be; and that the DiviJend> payable thereon shall from Time to Time be received by the

Governor and Company of the Hank of England, mid be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dividends which shall from Time

to Time become due and payable, in respect of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Annuities as shall be

redeemed by virtue of this Act, shall be blued or set apart out of the Consolidated Fund, in the fame Man-

ner as if such Principal or Capital Stock had not been redeemed, and shall be paid to the said Governor and.

Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, and the fame

shall from Time to Time be applied by them under the like Rules and Regulations, and in the Manner pre-

(bribed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the

Sums redeemed by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every the Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Pro-

visions, which, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, are provided and established for

applying, managing, or accounting for the Sums veiled in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the

said Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the applying, managing, and accounting,

for all Sums of Money directed to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as

fully and effectually as if the fame had been repeated and re-enabled in this present Act.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-second Tear of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above fix

Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the

Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respect*

the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Common Brewers.— [joth April 1793.]

4 ' WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in*

tituled. An Ah for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, cx~

4 clufiue of the Duties cf Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, a ul for

4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein.

4 mentioned; and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said addi-

4 tional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties

4 of Excise; and also for appointing the Number of Comwijftoners of Excise who may hear Catfes depending before

4 them, relative to the Duties on Male Servants; reciting, that Beer or Ale above six Shillings a Barrel, ex-

4 elusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed for Sale, is by Law chargeable with the fame Duties that are pay-

4 able for the strongest Beer or Ale so brewed for Sale; and the brewing of good Table Beer of moderate

c Strength is thereby discouraged; and in order to promote the brewing of good Table Beer, it is expedient

4 to proportion the Duties payable on such Beer to the Quality and real Value thereof; it was enacted. That

4 from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the several Rates and Duties

then payable for Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceed-

4 ing eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, which should at any

# Time or Times be brewed by the Common Brewer in England and Wales, should cease and determine, and

in lieu and instead thereof there should thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England

and Wales, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise,

and not exceeding eleven Shillings exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the

4 Common Brewer, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, the Sum of three Shillings, to be

4 paid by such Cormnon Brewer: And whereas Beer or Ale above eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the

4 Duties of Excise, brewed for Sale, is by Law chargeable with the fame Duty as is payable for the strongest

4 Beer or Ale so brewed for Sale; and whereas it is expedient in order to answer the Purpose of the said A£fc,

that the Common Brewer should be permitted to brew for Sale Table Beer of a higher Price than eleven

IX 4 Shilling*

C >ole

