* 24

Hi-' M n* fly to

pppnint to Va-

cant e? ot Com-

mi i!i^r.cr«duf ing

the Recess of

Pailiainem*

Before any Vef-

fel is cleared

Outward®, the

Matter, Ofic-rs,

and Mariners, t>»

execute article*

ot Agreement in

the Forms here-

unto annexed j

and no other

F<vm to he used

on Penally of

50 1.

Mutter Roll to

be rrguiarly

kept; Scc.

Penal’s for finn-

ing ta’fe Muller

Rolls, &c.

No Officer, &c.

to be turned

ovrr or dif-

char^, hut nn-

drt ' he Cirrum-

ft^n e» herein

mentioned.

No Slops, Sec.

to he supplied

beyond one-

fourth of (he

M-ntoly Wa^cf.

Reg'iVions

with regard to

Officers £c.

behaving in a

riotous, frditi-

ous, or mutinous

Manner.

Matter tocause

a printed Ab-

flraft of this

Act, fee. to he

bung up in the

moll public

Place in his

VeffVl, 00 Pe-

Baity of 20 1*

C. 33. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

i (Tiling and Payment of the fame, or on the parting of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said

Com mi dinners Avail appoint, and which Money so issued shall not be fuhjedl to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or

Afflfment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by

Death or Resignation of any one or more of the said Co nmissioners, during the Recels of Parliament, it

{hall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think

proper to supply such. Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Person so nominated and appointed {hall be

held and considered to be inverted with all the fame Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed

by this Act.

XIV. And, for the better Regulation, Encouragement, and Preservation of the Health of the Officers

and Seamen, employed in Ships and Vessels trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves, and from thence to

the U ]'/! Indies and -rica; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day

of Au^ujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety, before any Ship or Veil'd proceeds to Sea, the Master,

Officers, and Mariners Hi..11 sign and execute Articles of Agreement, and a Muller Roll, in the Presence

of, and witnessdi by the Clearing Officer and one of the Tidefmcn of the Port from whence the Ship de-

parts ; and a Duplicate of the Articles of Agreement and Muller Roll, duly signed and executed, {hall be

delivered to the aforesaid Clearing Officer, in order to its being lodged with the proper Officer in the

Curtorn House, according to the Forms hereunto annexed; which Agreement shall be conclusive to all

Parties for the Time contracted for; and no other Form whatsoever of Articles of Agreement, or Muster

Roll, shall he used, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, one half to be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital,

and the other Half to the Informer, or other Person who shall sue for the lame, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record. ‘

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Continuation of the Muster Roll shall

be regularly and duly kept during the Voyage; also a Log Book, wherein all Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Charges against any Officer or Seaman shall be regularly entered and signed by the Master. Chief Mate,

and Surgeon, and delivered in upon Oath, together with the Muster Roll, on the Arrival of the Ship or

Veil el at her discharging Port in Great Britain, to the Collector or other Chief Officer thereof; and if any

Muster, Chief Mate, or Surgeon, {hall be convicted of hgning false Muster Rolls, Articles of Agreement,

or Log Book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and {hall also fufier fix

Months Imprif >nment,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or dif-

ckarged, upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty’s Ships of War, or to affilt a Ship in actual

Distress, which is to be certified by the principal Officers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement

made in Writing with the said Officers or Men so lent, or, upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health,

with the Confenr of the Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from the Captain of any of his Ma-

jt Ay’s Ships or Vessels (if any are present), or, in their Abfrnce, two Justices of the Peace, or the Collector

and Comptroller of the CuilPms at the Place or Port where such Ship or Veiled {hall be, or shall first

arrive, which Certificate (Vul! be returned with the Muster Roll and Log Book, on the Arrival of the Ship

at her delivering Port in Great Britain.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That no Master, Commander, or other Person, shall supply the

Officers, or Mariners, Seamen, or Seafaring Men, with more Slops, Tobacco, Spirits, or any other Article

vhatsoever, than to the Amount of one-fourth Part of the Monthly Wages of such Officer, Mariner, Sea-

man, or Seafaring Man.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall behave in a riotous,

ftaliiious, or mutinous Manner, it shall be lawful for the Commander or Commanding Officer to put such

Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, into Confinement, for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours, before the

fame is reported to the Captain or Commander of any of his Maj city’s Ships or Vessels (being present,

or within a convenient Distance), who is hereby authorised to enquire into the Cause of such Com-

plaint, and to examine upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief anJ Remedy therein as the

Circumfhnces of the Cafe may require ; and in case none of his Majesty’s Ships are present, the Cause of

Complaint shall be fully examined into by the Master and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship’s Com-

pany ; and if it shall be judged necessary, for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo, to continue the Offender or

Offenders in Confinement, such Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Reasons for

coming to such Rdolution dated at large, and signed by the Master and two Officers, which they are hereby

enjoined, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to report without Delay, to the Captain or Commander of the

first Ship or Veil'd belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in Default thereof to report the lame

to the Governor or Chief Officer of any nritish Fort on the Coast of Africa, or to the Governor of any

of the British IVcft India Irtands, on their Arrival at any Port or R.oad therein, that such McafurCs may be

taken to bring the Offender or Offenders to Justice as the Nature df the Cafe will admit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or talcing the Charge or

Command of every such Ship or Vessel, {hall cause a printed Abstract of this Act, and also a Copy of the

Schedule (A.) and of the Muster Roll, respectively annexed to this Act, to be hung up and affixed to the

most public Place of such Ship or Vefid, and shall cause the fame to be cor.ftantly kept and renewed, so tha£

at all Times they may be acccffible to the Officers and Seamen on board of such Ship or Vessel, upon Fait*

that every such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or

Vessel, who {hall neglect to affix and renew the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty

Pounds.

XX. And

ooooQie

