3*2 C. 28. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

3* Geo. IIT,

Cap. 5. recited.

Duties imposed

by first recited

Act upon Worts,

&c. made in

England for ex-

tracing Spirits

for Home Con-

sumption, and

upon Spirits

made in Scot-

land, and im-

ported into Eng-

land, and Doty

of 10 1. per

Cent, imposed

by the la lb recit-

4 of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund to be established as aforesaid, as should be suficient to -

4 satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid,

and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by such Act of the thirty-first Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign as aforesaid, the said Rates and Duties, by the said recited Act imposed, should from

4 thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And whereas by an Act passed in the

4 thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, A* Act for granting to his Majesty additional

4 Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein

4 mentionedJ it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and,

4 ninety-one, there {hould be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, through-

4 out the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Assessment to be made after the fifth Day of April one

4 thousand {even hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force,

4 for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs

4 of Taxes, an additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the gross Amount

4 of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessment, except as therein is excepted; and it

4 was thereby further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties thereby im-

4 pose 1, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer after the said fifth Day of April one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with such other Rates and Duties as aforesaid, be a Fund

4 for the Payment and Discharge of the Whole of the said Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three

4 thousand Pounds, to be raised as aforesaid, and the fame are and stand appropriated to the Payment-and

4 Discharge of the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, together

4 wilh the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the fame, in pursuance of the said last

4 recited Act, and of the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, for raising a Sum of Money by Loans

4 or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid; and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money

4 as aforesaid, in the Manner directed by the said Acts, the said Jaft recited Rates and Duties are from thence-

4 forth to cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And whereas we. Your' Majesty’s most

4 dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, are desirous to make

4 such permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue as {hall be adequate to the increased Charge occasioned

4 by the Loan to be raised by virtue of this Act;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That the said Duties of Excise imposed by the said first recited Act, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors

brewed or made in England, for extrading Spirits for Home Consumption; and upon Spirits made

land and imported into England; and also the said Duties of ten Pounds per Centum, imposed by the said

Ad upon the gross Amount of assessed Taxes, lastly above recited, (except as in the said several recited

Acts, or any of them, is particularly excepted; and also except such of the said Rates or Duties under the

Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes as have been since repealed by any other Act or

Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,) {hall be, and are hereby respectively continued and made perpetual, and

{hall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any Thing in the said several recited Acts, or any of

them, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the said Duties hereby continued and made

perpetual, {hall severally and respectively be paid and payable by such Persons, at such Times and in such

Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were severally and respectively payable

by Law, under or by virtue of the said several Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament

in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

e<J Act, made perpetual.

Such Parts of XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Parts of the said recited Act,

31 Geo. III. for raising a Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, requiring the Commissioners of the

Cap. 49, as re- Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue their or his Orders to the respective Commis-

hH f<to^ifTm;7Or- loners of Excise, or the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Determination of any of the said

;c7$ for the De* Duties hereby continued and made perpetual, and all Directions for the Publication thereof, as far as the

termination of fame relate to the said Duties, shall be, and are hereby repealed.

the Duties hereby continued, repealed.

Monies to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

carried to the

iJiniolidaled

Fund*

3, Geo. III.

C»p. 25. and

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Act continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, (the necef-

fary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) when and as the fame respectively {hall

take effect by virtue of this Act, {hall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s

Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to,

and made Part of the Fund called The Consoliaated Fund, and shall be added to the Publick Revenue for

the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And whereas,by an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intitu-

4 led, An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes,

4 Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof,) it was enacted. That,

4 after setting apart, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at the End of each Quarter of a Year during

the Time in the said Act mentioned, the Sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds (as

4 being one fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred Pounds, the annual

4 Average Produce of the respective Rates and Duties by the said Act repealed,) to be carried to and made

4 Part of the said Fund called The Corifolidated Fund, the Remainder of the Duties granted by the said Act

and Arrears of the Duties thereby repealed, should be a Part of the said Fund, established by certain Acts

4 of the thirty-first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Sum of

4 one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills in

the Manner before-mentioned, together with such Interest as should be directed to be paid or made payable

4 for the fame: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’9 Reign (inti-

io 4 tuled,

1

1

k

