A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii IIJ, C. 56

Makers of Worsted Yarn, present at such General Meeting, to ele£l, nominate, and appoint a Committee,

confiding of the fame Number of Persons, and in the like Manner, and under and subject to the like Or-

- ders. Regulations, and Directions as is and are herein-before laid down and ordered for the EleCtion of the

first: Committee; and the Persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new Committee in Manner

aforesaid, shall thereupon be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as the former Committee were

invested with; and the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the former Committee (hr 11 from thence-

forth cease and determine.

‘ IX. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses for the future, by Persons employed in the Manufactures

of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn within the Limits aforesaid, and for the more effectually carrying

c this Act into Execution,’ be it further enaCted, That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk,

and City*of Norwich and County of the fame City respectively, at their first or second Quarter Sessions of

the Peace to be holden for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the lame City respec-

tively next after the first General Meeting of the said Woolcombers and Makers of Worsted Yam to be

held in pursuance of this Act, or any Adjournment of such Sessions, shall and may, and they are hereby

authorized and required to licence and appoint such Persons of good Character and Repute, as shall be re-

commended to the said Justices by the said Committee, to be Inspedtors of Worsted Yarn within the

County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fame City, such Recommendation to be signi-

fied in Writing under the Hand of the Chairman of such Committee.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to

Ration such Inspectors for such Districts in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the

fadae City, as the said Committee shall think proper, notwithstanding the Jurisdiction of the Justices who

shall have licensed such Inspectors respectively shall not extend to the Whole of the respective Districts for

which they shall be respectively stationed, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said Inspedtors

so appointed such yearly Salaries as the said Committee dial 1 think proper, out of the Fund herein-after

mentioned to be raised for that and the other Purposes of this Act; and also shall and may remove, dismiss,

find displace any of such Inspedtors, who by Sickness or any other Accident shall be rendered incapable of

serving the said Office, or shall misbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the Satisfaction of such

Committee.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspedtors so appointed shall severally and respectively, in

the several Districts allotted to them by the said Committee, use all due Diligence and Industry for the con-

victing and bringing to Justice all Offenders against this and the said former Acts; and also shall and do,

from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said Committee, inspect the fe-

veral Reels of all and every the Spinners of Worsted Yarn in their respective Districts, and also the Hanks

or Skeins of Worsted Yarn in the Custody or Possession of such Spinners, in order to fee that the Directions

herein-after laid down for reeling such Yarn be complied with; and also shall and do, from Time to Time,

when and as they or any of them shall detect any Person or Persons offending against this or the said former

Acts, within their respective Districts, lodge Informations against such Offender or Offenders, before any

Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, and prosecute such

Offender or Offenders to Conviction; and it shall be lawful for every such Inspector, from Time to Time,

as Occasion shall require, to inspect the Yarn in the Custody of any Putter-out of Wool, or of any Agent

hired or employed to put out Wool, or of any Spinner of such Wool or Worsted Yarn, within such re-

spedlive Districts; and in case any such Person shall refuse to shew and produce the Yarn in his or her Cuf-

tody, he or the shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds

if a Putter-out of Wool, or an Agent or Person hired or employed to put out Wool, and not exceeding

twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, if a Spinner, as such Justice before whom he or she shall be

convicted shall think proper.

XU. And be it further enacted, That every Person employed or undertaking to spin or reel Worsted

Yarn for Hire in the said County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fame City, shall

reel, or cause or procure the fame to be reeled, either upon a Yard Reel, of thirty-six Inches, or a Seven-

quarter Reel of sixty-three Inches, or a Two-yard Reel of seventy-two Inches round, and when such.

Worsted Yarn shall be so reeled, each and every several Hank or Skein of such Worsted Yarn, which shall

be so reeled, {hall consist of or contain such a Number of Raps or Leas, each and every of which Raps or

Leas confiding of or containing eighty Threads of such Worsted Yarn as is herein-after specified; (that is

to say,) every Hank or Skein* shall be seven Leas reeled on the Yard Reel, and fix Leas reeled on the

Seven-quarter Reel, and seven Leas reeled on the Eight-quarter or Two-yard Reel; and that every Hank

or Skein that shall be used as a Binder to tie up or bind together any Pound or Parcel of Yarn shall con-

tain the fame Number of Threads in a Rap or Lea, and the fame Number of Raps or Leas as the otbev

Hanks or Skeins in the said Pound or Parcel.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person employed to spin Wool, or to put out Wool for spin-

ning, within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fame City, shall take in or

have in his or her Possession, atone and the fame Time, the Wool or Yarn belonging to more than one

Woolcoinber or Maker of Worsted Yarn; and that every Person who shall put out Wool, or take in

Yarn, otherwise than as above specified, being a Putter-out of Wool, shall pay the Sum of forty Shillings,

^nd being a Spinner, shall pay the Sum of five Shillings for every such Offence, which Penalty shall be

paid into the Hands of the nearest InspeCtor, and shall be made Part of the Fund herein-after dueled to

be established.

XIV. And be it further enaCted, That every Spinner to whom any Wool shall be put out to be (pun

within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich and County of the fame City, and who shall keep the

fame

*73

Justices to ap«

point Inspedtorr

of Yam.

Committee to

station Infp^c-

tors, and allow

them Salaries,

Jnfpe£r>rs to

use Diligence in

convicting and

bringing Of-

fenders to Juf-

tice.

Their Power.

D're&ions hovr

Worsted Yarn

shall be reeled.

General Regu*

larions for put-

ting out Wool

Spinning, &c.

Further Pecu-

lations refhr&~

putting out

Wool, &c.

C.

