545

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C.'5 5—5 8.

4 Fund called The. Consolidated Fund: And whereas the Duties and Revenues which were payable to his late

Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain caWed Scotland, and arising from the Im-

4 portation of Tobacco and Snuff, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, as well as'all

4 other Goods and Merchandize, ought to be saved, reserved, and declared to belong to, and be at the Dif-

4 posal of his present Majesty during his Life:’ Therefore, and for removing all Doubts in respect thereof,

lie it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

.Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That the Duties and Revenues which were payable to his late Majesty King George the Second,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and arising from the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff’, To-

bacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, as well as all other Goods and Merchandize, shall be

continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the Life of his present Majesty, in the same Manner only, and

subject to the fame or the like Charges thereon, as the fame were liable or subject to during his said late Ma-

jesty’s Life; any Thing in the said Act of the twenty-ninth of his Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties payable

to Geo. II in

Sco’Iand, on

Imposition of

Tobacco, &c. to

be continued

duiing his M1-

j Apt Life,

CAP. LVI.

An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session for delivering in Navy and Victualling

' Bills. —[23d May 1794.]

“ 34 Gto.III. Cap. 21, recited. Navy and Victualling Bills mentioned therein maybe received at the

“ Navy Office, &c. till July 1, 1794.”

CAP. LVI I.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

[23d May 1794.]

C WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and is near expiringmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, SGeo. n.

An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts,) which was to continue in force from the twenty- Cap. 30, con i.

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of three Years, and from nued riii June 1,

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in *79^

the ninth and sixteenth Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year

of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the thirty-

first Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was

further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fe.venty-one; and

which by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended, and further

continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by four other Acts, made in the sixteenth,

twercy-first, twenty-sixth, and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued

until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the first Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the Inferior Courts in the County Pala-

tine of Lancaster, into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine.

[23d May 1794.]

4 '\XHEREAS great Mischiefs have arisen from the Facility of removing causes of small Value from

- the Inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster, into the Court of Common Pleas of the

4 said County Palatine for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Exe- No Execution

cution shall be flayed or delayed upon or by any Writ of false Judgment, or Superjedeas thereon, to be sued be fUyed

for thereverfing of any Judgment given or to be given in any Inferior Court within the County Palatine of ^ u,lt of

Lancaster, where the Debtor Damages are under ten Pounds, unlcfs such Person or Persons in whose Name “ a^TTnfctior

or Names such Writ of false Judgment shall be brought, with tv/o sufficient Sureties, such as the Court cwub ;he

(wherein such Judgment is or shall be given) shall allow of, shall, first, before such Stay made, or Superfe- Coumy ot Lan.

4 A a deas

