A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricedmo tertio Georgii III. C. 4T, 42. 33

and that the having taken the said Oaths shall not incapacitate the said Robert Claxton from taking, the Oath

prescribed and directed to be taken by the tenth Section of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall ^ublick A&.

be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading

the fame.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whit/lable, in

the County of Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery.

[30th April 1^93.]

4 \X7'HE'REAS there hath Time out of Mind been an Oyster Fishery within the Limits of the

4 * ▼ Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, extending from the Sea Beach a very

4 considerable Distance into the Sea, which Fishery hath all that Time been managed and carried on by

4 and at the Expence of a certain Company of Free Dredgers, called The Whit/lable Company of Dredgers,

4 who have held the fame from Time out of Mind, as Tenants under the Lord of the said Manor and

4 Royalty, on Payment of a certain annual Relit; and the Lord of the said Manor and Loyalty hath, from

4 Time out of Mind, held a Court, commonly called A Court of Dredging, for the ordering and regu-

4 lating of the said Oyster Fishery, belidethe Court Leet and Court Baron held for the said Manor, at which

4 Courts of Dredging, the Fishermen and Dredgermen have constantly attended, pursuant to a Notice for

4 that Purpose given by the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, or the Steward of the said Court of

4 Dredging; and out of the Freemen of the said Company, twelve of the most sufficient Men among the

4 said Dredgers have used to be sworn to be of the Jury of the said Court, and the Foreman, Jury, and major

4 Part of the Freemen of the said Company present at the said Court, with theConfent of the Lord of the

4 said Manor and Royalty, or of the Steward of the said Court, have used to make Orders for regulating the

4 said Company, and the said Oyster Fishery, with Fines and Penalties for the Breach of such Orders,

4 *which Fines and Penalties have been accustomed to be collected and levied in the Manner directed by the

4 said Orders : And whereas, by ancient Usage and Custom, no Persons are entitled to dredge for Oysters

4 within the said Manor and Royalty, except the Members of the said Company : And whereas the good

4 Order and Government of the said Fishery is of great publick Concern, and it would much tend to

4 >the carrying on and good Management thereof, if the said Company were allowed to purchase the said

4 Manor and Royalty of Whitjlable, or such Part thereof as would be convenient for the better Regulation

4 of the said Fishery : And whereas Thomas Foord, of the Parish of Saint Dunjlany near the City of

4 Canterbury, in the County of Kent, Gentleman, hath purchased to him and,his Heirs, of the Lord of the

4 said Manor and Royalty, the said Royalty of Fishing or Oyster Dredging, and the Ground and Soil of

4 the said Fishery, from the South and South-east Sides of the said Sea Beach at Whitjiable, as the fame is

4 and hereafter shall be thrown up by the Sea from Time to Time, and the Sea Beach, and all the Lands

4 and Grounds from thence into the Sea, as far as the said Fishery extends, whether the lame be more or

4 leis than the Quantity of Land now belonging to’the said Fishery;. and also the custchnary Payments

4 usually and of Right made to the Lord of the said Manor, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel, or

4 the landing of Goods or Merchandize within the said^ Manor, or for the Admission of Freemen, or

4 other Payments for the Regulation of the Freemen and Fishing there, and all other Payments whatsoever

4 to be made at the Water Court of Free Dredgers there, and all such like Payments, and all, and all

4 Manner of Forfeitures, Articles, and Things which of Right belong unto and are the Property of the

4 Lord of the said Manor, by Reason of the Wrecks of the Sea, or other such like Rights and Forfeitures

4 within the Limits of the Sea Beach aforesaid, (subject to the Right of the said Company of Dredgers in the

4 said Fishery,) and also full Power and Authority unto the said Thomas Foordy his Heirs and Assigns, and

4 every of them, to nominate or appoint a Steward or Stewards, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, or

4 other usual Officers of the said Fishery, and to summon and hold all such Water Courts, or Courts of

4 Dredging, as shall be necessary to be held for any of the Purposes aforesaid, all which said Estate* Right,

4 Powers, and Authorities, the said Thomas Foord is willing to convey unto the said Company, and their

4 Successors, for their own Use and Benefit: And whereas the said Company are willing to purchase the

4 Royalty of the said Fishery, but they are disabled from so doing, both because Doubts have arisen, whe-

4 ther the said Company be a Corporation in Law, notwithstanding it has existed Time out of Mind, and

4 likewise on Account of the Statutes of Mortmain : Therefore, for the better regulating and governing

4 of the said Fishery, and‘to remove any Doubts concerning the said Company being a Corporation, and to

4 enable them to purchase the said Manor "and Royalty of JVhitJlabley or such Part thereof as shall be found

4 convenient for the better Management of the said P ifhery :* May it please your Majesty that it may be

enacted,

44 The Company of Dredgers made a Body Corporate. Powers of the Company vested in the Corpora-

tien. Corporation may purchase the Manor and Royalty. A Steward and Water Bailiff to be appointed.

44 and other Officers, as heretofore. Power given to borrow Money ; with Directions for Repayment.'

44 Saving to his Majesty. General Issue. Limitation of Actions. Publick Act.” t

33 Geo. III.

Xx

CAP.

