D. 1792, ving Annoying tricesirno fecundo Georgii III. C. 34. 205

or Marine, unless such Letter of Attorney, and Will, shall be made, executed, and attested in the Manner

and Form, and agreeable to the Directions in the different Events specified and mentioned in the afore-

mentioned Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present A'lajesty ; and all Letters of At-

torney, and Wills, so made or executed by any Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the

Purpose of receiving and bequeathing all or any Part of their Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances due

to them, or Letters of Attorney made by such Executor and Administrator, for the Purpose of receiving

Money due to him or them, as Representative of such Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine,

{hall be transmitted, inspected, checked, and proved in the same Manner, and under the fame Penalties and

Forfeitures, as by the Act above-mentioned is directed and enacted in regard and with respect to Letters of

Attorney, and Wills, made and executed by Petty Officers or Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, or by the

Executors and Administrators of such Petty Officers and Seamen, in so far as the afore-mentioned Act, passed

in the twenty-sixth Ye^r of the Reign of his present A'lajesty, is not repealed, altered, or amended, by this

pFefent Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letter of Attorney, or Letters ofAttor-

Order, made or executed by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Ma- neycr o-.ders

rine, who shall have been discharged from the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and who dQ^ 3rgred

shall be at or within the Distance of seven Miles from any of the Ports where Seamen’s Wages are paid for &c?«eCiItec'i*

such Service, at the Time of making such Letter of Attorney, shall be good and valid and sufficient for re- within seven

ceiving the Whole or any Part of the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money due, or to grow Miiesof a Parc

due, to such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for such Service, where Seamen’*

unless such Letter of Attorney, or such Order, shall be figued before and attested by a Clerk of the Treasurer

of the Navy at such Port, or by the Inspector of Seamen’s Will?, and Powers of Attorney ; any Thing in the unief "attend ty

aforesaid Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. - a clerk of the ;

. Tretfurer of ihc Navy-,

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of An*v(l one

thousand seven hundred and ninety two, when and lb often as any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commis-

fioned Officer of Mamies, or Marine, shall be in anyways discharged from any Ship or Vessel in the Service

of his Majesty, his Heir4* or Successors, the-Captain or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vcfll- shall

make, or caule to be made out, a Certificate in the Manner and Form following, or to the like Effect:

c No

4 HP H E S E are to certify, That A. B. has served as

4 A jesty’s Ship under my Command, from the

4 to the Day of Dated the of

4 A. B. is Feet Inches high, is of a

4 Years.’

And which he shall sign with his Name, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Petty Officer, Seaman,

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the Time of his being discharged ; and no Petty Of-

ficer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Alarines, or Marine, shall be entitled to receive his Wages,

Pay, or other Allowances for Services on Board any Ship or Vessel in the Service of hi? Majesty, his Heirs

or ouccessors, unless at the Time of paying such Wages, Pay, or Allowances, he shall be identified by one or

more of the Commissioned or Warrant Offictrs who belonged to the Ship or Vessel at the Time, or during

some Part of the Time, for which he may so claim the Payment for such Services, or unless he produces a

Certificate as above described, and directed to be delivered to him as aforesaid ; and no Petty Officer, Sea-

man, Non-commissioned Officer of Alarines, or Marine, who Avail be discharged from any Ship or Vessel in

the Service of his Majesty, into any other Ship or Vessel in such Service, shall be entitled to receive his

Wages, Pay, or Allowances of any Kind, for his Service on Board of the Ship to which he shall have last be-

longed, unless he shall enter and be muttered three Times in the Ship or Vessel into which he shall be so dif-

charged, or appear upon the Books of such Ship or Vessel into which he next goes to be regularly discharged

therefrom ; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, be taken

by the Enemy, unless he voluntarily return and enter on Board some Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs or Succeflers, in a rcafonableTime after he shall be relcr.fed from Prison ; or if the Ship or

Vessel in which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, last

served be lost or destroyed, and the Crew, qr any Part of the Crew, be laved, unless he enters again in a rea-

sonable Time on Board some Ship or Vessel in such Service; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-com-

missioned Officer of Alarines, or Marine, be discharged from the Ship or Vessel to which he belonged, to any

of his Majesty’s Hospitals, unless he enters the Ship or Vessel to which he fnaii be discharged from such Hol-

pital,or be discharged out of the Service; or unless, in any of the above specified Events, reasonable Cause

shall be shewn, and allowed by the Commissioner of the Navy comptrdlling such Payment, and the Clerk of

the Treasurer of the Navy making the same, for not producing such Certificate, or for Non-compliance with

any Thing herein directed.

IV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commis-

. fioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service

of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as having run therefrom, shall receive his Wages, Pay, Prize Aloncy,

or other Allowances of Money for such Ship or Vessel, unless such Mark shall be taken oft by Order of the

- Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Gnat or by Order of the Com-

- nufiiunersof his Majesty's Navy.

V. And

on Board of his Ala-

Day of

Complexion, and aged

Captains to deli-

ver to discharged

Petty Officers,

&c. a Certificate

in the following

Form.

Form of Certifi-

cate^

No Petty Officer,

&c. to be enti-

tled to receive

hisWages unless

his Per ion oe

identified by an

Officer of the

Ship, or unless

he pr .duces such

a Cer:ifi:a’c ;

or if diLharged

from «ne Ship

into another; or

tiken by the

Fnemy ; or fli'p-

wrecked, unit Is

becocnplies with,

the Regulations

herein men*

tiomd.

No Petty Officer,

ifcc. who ha* run

from a Ship shall

ie(e»ve

unlcf? his Mttk

be taken off.

