A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 27. 519

For every Hilndred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name For Miteriala

soever the fame are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making I”?10"*

of all Plate Glass, or in the making of Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained, or Fade Glass, or Phial Glass, and in*cre.t\lri-

so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity* ten Shillings and Eight-pence three Farthings: uii^ioYad.?*,

per Cwt.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name and for Mve-

Ibever the fame are or may be called or known, that shall be made use cf in Great Britain in the making of r al* used

all Window Glass, (not being Spread Glass,) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly GUfs,7not

called or known either by the Name cf Crown Gifs, or of German Sheet Glass, and so in Proportion for bc;n2 Spread

any greater or Idler Quantity, eight Shillings and three Farthings. c.’af',) 8s.

perCwt.j

II. And be it further ensued by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as

/hall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commission-

ers of Excise in England for the 7'ime being; and such thereof as shall ari(e in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland foe the Time

being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the patting of this Act,

there shall be paid the following additional Drawbacks for and upon all Glass which shall be made in Great

Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts; that is to say,

Duties to be

unJer the

M^,iagro:ent df

theComnulTion-

ers of Excise.

Additional

Drawbacks MS

be allowed on

Exportation of

Glass made in Great Britain.

For every Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, from For Plate Glass,

Materials or Metal or other Preparations, for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall 8d. jtj.perFo#u

have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the Sum of Eight-pence three Farthings,

and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glais, or Enamelled, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, For Flint G!*fa>

which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties W*

by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, *ef c*1*

the Sum of fourteen Shillings and Six-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Window Glass, (not being Spread Glass,) whether flafhecl or otherwise For Window

manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet P1*?* (n®the*

Glass% which shall be made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which cfti/Tj!

the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to per Cwt.

Foreign Parts, the Sum of nine Shillings and Eleven-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Quantity:

Which laid Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise by Law imposed, under, sub- DnwbackttnU

{‘eft, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and *!\wwed*f^e~

>y an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit a

'Ktime for the Repayment of the Duties on Ma e Servants and Carriages, by the Commissioners of Excise; and # “'77‘

also on Horsesy Waggons, lVains% and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment effeve-

ral Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commi[/loners of Excise, or by any other Act

or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback.

IV. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, *7 Geo. Ill*

4 amongst other Things, for repealing the Duties of Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, Clp*IJ*

certain Duties of Excise were imposed on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, that

should be made use of in Great Britain, in the making cf Plate Glass: And whereas by another Act, made *7 IIr’

€ in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Attfor granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Glass im- ,ia

4 farted into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode cf charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain,

4 it was enacted, That in lieu of the Duty of Excise then chargeable and payable for or in respect of any

4 Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, made use of in Great Britain, in the making of Cad Plate Glass,

4 there should be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shil-

4 ling and Five-pence Halfpenny per Hundred Weight, for all Cast Plate Glass which should be made in Great

4 Britain, and which should be Iquared into Plates of a Superficies not Ids than one thousand four hundred

and eighty-five Inches, and of a Thickness according to their Superficies as thereinafter mentioned and de-

4 feribed: And whereas divers Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, were by the said Act, and

4 another Act made in the twenty-eight Year of the Reign aforesaid, for amending several Laws relative to the Gco‘

4 Revenue of Jixcise, made, established, imposed, and provided for and in respect of the making and manu- ap‘37’reci '

4 facturing of such Cad Plate Glass, for ascertaining, charging, railing, and securing the said Duty thereon,

-4 and for breaking Cad Plate Glass manufactured contrary to the Directions of the said Acts in certain

4 Cafes: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said last-mentioned Duty, together with the said Rules,

4 Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, and to revive the Duty granted by the said first-recited Act Dut . f,

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from ana after the passing of this Act, the said putconf.* by

Duty, together with the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, shall be, and the fame are tcciied aet

hereby repealed; save only and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering any Arrears of the said Duty, *7 G«°-1H*

which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or For- c»f*i and

34 Geo. III. 3 X feitures,

