390

Bonds not

chargeable with

Stamp Duty.

Appmtment of

Committee;*.

PowerM)fStand-

ine Committees

to be declared

in the Rulet of

the Siicie'Vf and

of pa: ticular

ones en ered in

a Bcok.

Commit'eescon-

troulable by So-

cietj*

Tr<*afurer9 rr

Trupees to by

rut Surplus of

Contii buttons,

and tobrng

the Proceeds to

Account for the

17fe of the So-

tieiy.

Treasurers, &c.

to render Ac-

count?, and pay

over Balances,

and ?n case of

Neglect, Appli-

cation may be

made to the

Court of Chan-

eery, kc,

N& Fee to be

taktn for any

Proceedings in

‘fuch Courts, Sec,

C. 54. ving Annoying tricesimo teitioGeorgii III. A.D. 1793.

for the Time being, to be by him or them respectively prosecuted for any Forfeiture thereof, and for the Use

of such Society to which such Officer or Officers shall bciong ; and no Bond or other Security to be given

to or on Account of any such Society, or in pursuance of this A61, shall be charged or chargeable with any

Stamp Duty whatever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Society shall and may, from

Time to Time, elect and appoint any Number of the Members of such Society, not Icfs than eleven, to.be

a Committee, and shall and may delegate to such Committee all or any of the Powers given by this Act to

be executed, who being so delegated shall continue to act as such Committee for and during such Time as

they shall be appointed ; and in all Cafes where a Standing Committee shall be appointed for such Society, for

general Purposes, the Powers of such Committee shall be first declared in and by the Rules, Orders, and Re-

gulations of such Society, confirmed by the Justices of the Peace at their Sessions, and filed in the Manner

herein-before directed ; and in all Cafes where a Committee shall be appointed for any particular Purposeor

Purposes, the Powers delegated to such Committee shall be reduced into Writing, and entered into a Book

by the Secretary or Clerk of such Society, and five of the Members of such Committee, at lead, shall at all

Times be necefi’ary to concur in any Act of such Committee, and such Committee shall, in all Things de-

legated to them, a£lfor and in the Name of such Society ; and all Acts and Orders of such Committee, under

the Powers delegated to them, shall have the like Force and Effieft as the Acts and Orders of such Society, at-

any General Meeting thereof, could or might have had in pursuance of this Act : Provided always. That the

Transactions of such Committee shall be from Time to Time, and at all Times, subject and liable to the Re-

view, Allowance or Disallowance, and Controul, of such Society, in such Manner and Form as such Society

shall by their General Rules, Orders, and Regulations, confirmed by the Justices and filed as aforesaid, have

directed and appointed, or shall in like Manner direct and appoint.

Vf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, for the Time being, of any such Society, and he and they is

and are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by and with the Consent of such Society, to be

had and testified in such Manner as shall be directed by the General Rules and Orders of such Society, to lay

out or dispose of such Part of all such Sums of Money as shall at any Time be collected, given, or paid to

and for the beneficial Ends, Intents, and Purposes of such Society, as the Exigencies of such Society shall

not call for the immediate Application or Expenditure of, either on private Securities, to be approved of as

aforesaid, (such Securities to be taken in the Name or Names of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or

Trustees, for the Time being,) or to invest the fame in the Publick Stocks or Funds, in the proper Name

or Names of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, and from Time to Time, with iiich Con-

sent as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such Securities and Funds, and to make Sale thereof respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Dividends, Interest, and Proceeds

which shall from Time to Time arise from the Monies so laid out or inverted as aforesaid, shall, from Time

to Time, be brought to account by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, and shall be applied

to and for the Use of such Society, according to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Trea-

furers, Trustee or Trustees, for the Time being, and all other Officers of any such Society, who shall have

or receive any Part of the Monies, Eftefts, or Funds of such Society, or shall in any Manner have been or

shall be entrusted with the Dispolition, Management, or Custody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the

fame, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, dial), upon Demand made, in

pursuance of any Order by such Society or Committee to be appointed as aforesaid for that Purpose, give in

his or their Account or Accounts, at a General Meeting of any such Society, or to such Committee thereof

as aforesaid, to be examined, and allowed or disallowed, and shall, on the like Demand, pay over all the

Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Efiefts, or Funds

taken or (landing in his or their Name or Names as aforesaid, or being in his or their Hands or Custody, to

the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Trustee or 7'ruftecs, for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as

such Society shall appoint; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to pay over

such Monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such Securities or Funds in Manner aforesaid, it shall and

may be lawful to and for every such Society, in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees

thereof, as the Cafe may be, to exhibit a Petition in the High Court of Chancery, or the Court of Ex-

chequer, in England, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales respec-

tively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein, upon hear-

. ing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Discretion shall seem just; and all Alignments and Trans-

fers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes what-

soever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward, Emolument, or Gra-

tuity whatsoever, shall be demanded, taken, or received by any Officer or Minister of such Court, for any

Matter or Thing done in such Court in pursuance of this Act ; and that upon the presenting of any such Pe-

tition, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, the Mailer of the Rolls, and Barons of the Exche-

quer, respectively, in England, or the Lords of Session in Scotland, or the Judges of any of the Courts* of

Great Sessions in Wales, to assign Counsel learned in the Law, and to appoint a Clerk of such Court toad-

vise and carry on such Petition on the Behalf of such Society, who are hereby respectively required to do their

Duties (herein without Fee or Reward ; and that no such Proceedings In such Court, in pursuance of this

Act, (lull be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

X. And

