134-

7 and 8 Gul. 3.

c. 4 j and

i Geo.i. Star. 2.

c. 1 3. recited 5

and

the Oa'hs and

Declaration

therein men-

tioned no longer

to be required,

but the Oath

hereby appoint-

, to quality

Persons to as

Counfdlers, Scc.

A & not to ex-

tend to Scotland*

C. 33. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

4 XXII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William

4 the Third, intituled, An Act requiring the Praftifers of Laws to take the Oaths and subscribe the Declares-

4 tien therein mentioned \ and an Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the

4 First, intituled, An All for the further Security of his A laffly s Perjcn and Government, and the Succefion

4 of the Grown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Prctflants ; and for exti>:guijhin* the Hopes

4 of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettor:, all Persons acting as a Counsellor at

4 Law, Barrilter, Attorney* Solicitor, Clerk, or Notary, by pradVifing in any Manner as such in any Court

4 or Courts whatsoever, not having, before the Time of such acting, taken the Oaths and Declaration in the

4 said Acts respectively prescribed, are made liable to the Penalties in the fame Acts reflectively mentioned

Now, be it further enacted, That the Oaths and Declaration in and by the said last mentioned Acts respec-

tively mentioned and appointed to be taken and subscribed by Persons acting as a Counsellor at Law, Bar-

rifter, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, or Notary, as in the said Acts respectively is mentioned, shall,from and after

the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be no longer put or admini-

ftcred to, or required to be taken by, any Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion, as a Qualifica-

tien or Requirtte to enable him to act in the Capacities aforesaid, or any of them, but the Oath of Allegiance,

Abjuration, and Declaration,herein-beforeappointed to betaken and subscribed, shall, from and after the said

twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be administered, taken, and sub-

feribed to and by Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, and ailing or requiring toail in the Ca-

pacities aforesaid, or any of them, in the Stead and Place of the said Oaths and Declaration, and every of

them 3 and in order thereto the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-before appointed to

be taken and subscribed, may and shall be administered, taken* and subscribed in the fame Courts, and may

and shall be registered in the same Manner, as the Oaths and Declaration in the Room of which it is hereby

substituted, are by the Acts so preferibing the fame Oaths and Declaration respectively as aforesaid appointed

to be administered, taken, subscribed, and registered, and when so taken, subscribed, and registered, shall, for

the Purpose of enabling Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion to act in the Capacities aforesaid,

or any of them, have the fame Effect and Operation, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever,

as the Oaths and Declaration in the Room of which it is hereby substituted.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'That nothing in this Act contained shal! extend, or be

conf trued to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England into the Receipt of his Majesty’s

Exchequer.

Preamble.

Bank tn pay in'o

ihe Exchequer

500,000 I. to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fond.

Whenever the

Money rem in-

ing m th.* B nk

fir Payment

of Dividends, ex-

elusive of the

Surra iflael on

Account of those

due th- preced-

ing Quarter,

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have proposed to advance, for

the Service of the Publick, a Loan of five hundred thousand rounds without any Interest for the

fame, on Condition that if at any d ime the Balance remaining in the Hands of their Cashier, or SumsifTued

to him for the Payment of Dividends on Account of the National Debt which shall have been due previous

to the quarterly Payment then next preceding, llrall be reduced to a Ids Sum chan six hundred thousand

Pounds, in such Cafe lo much of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds shall be repaid to the said

Governor and Company as llrall be equal to the Sum by wh:ch the said Balance shall bclcfs than the Sum of

lix hundred thousand Pounds; and in case, after the Repayment of any Part of the said Sum of five hun-

dred thousand Pounds, the said Balance shall at any Time be again further reduced, in such Cafe, as often

as the fame shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manner be repaid out of the Remainder of the said

five hundred thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company, as shall, together with the Sum or Sums

before repaid, be equal to the whole Sum by which the said Balance shall be less than the Sum of six hundred

thousand Pounds; and likewise upon the Condition that the Allowance for the Charges of Management of

the Publick Debt shall continue at the fame Rate as at presentWe, therefore, your A'lajesty’s most dutiful

and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prcient Parliament aileru-

bied, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Governor and Company thall, on or before the first

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, pay, or cause to be paid, into the Receipt of his

Majesty’s Exchequer, the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, which laid Sutn of five hundred thousand

Pounds shal] be carried to and made Part of the Eund called The Corjolidated Fund.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter the Monies remain-

ing in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank u \ England* or their Cashier or Cashiers, which

have been ill'ued to him or them for the Payment: of all or any Annuities or Dividends to the Creditors of the

Publick, in pursuance of the ievcral Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, exclusive of the Sums issued on Account

of such Annuities or Dividends as became due the Qua iter then next preceding, shall be reduced to a less

Sum than six hundred thousand Pounds, the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier or Cashiers, shall

forthwith trartfmit a Certificate of the lame to the Commissioneisor the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer

for the 'Lime being, and also to the Auditor of the Exchequer for the Time bJng, containing a true State-

3 meat

