579

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 72, 73*

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Srafmp Duties to stamp the Paper

used for printing Newspapers thereon, in Sheets of Single Demy Paper instead of

Sheets of Double Demy Paper.—[nth June 1794.]

4 XXT'HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty

4 ▼ Queen Anne, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that the following Duties should be paid on all

4 Books and Papers called Pamphlet Sy*n& for and upon all printed Newspapers, or Papers containing public

4 New?, Intelligence, 01 Occurrences; that is to say, for every Pamphlet or Paper contained in Half a

4 Sheet, or any left Piece of Paper printed, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and for every Pamphlet or Paper,

4 being larger than Haifa Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, one Penny: And whereas by an Act

4 of Parliament, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it is

4 (amongst other Things) enacted, that, from and after the fifth Day of July in the Year one thousand seven

4 hundred and tifty-seven, the following Duties should be paid for and upon every Newspaper, or Paper con-

4 taining public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made

4 public, whether the fame be contained in Half a Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, or in any larger than

4 Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, over and above all other Rates and Duties by

the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney an additional Duty of

4 one Halfpenny: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that, from and after the lirft Day of June one

4 thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the

4 Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following: (that is to say,) For

and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in

4 Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the fame be contained in Haifa Sheet or any less

4 Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, upon every

4 Sheet and Half Sheet thereof, over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act of Parliament imposed,

4 an additional Duty of one Halfpenny: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-

4 ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, that, from and

4 after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, there should be raised, levied,

4 collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Du-

4 ties following: (that is to say,) For and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing public News, In-

4 telligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public, whether the fame

4 be contained in Half a Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, or any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not ex-

4 ceeding one whole Sheet, upon every Sheet and Half Sheet thereof there should be charged, over and

4 above all other Rates and Duties by any Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one Half-

4 penny: And whereas the Duty now payable for and upon every Newspaper contained in Haifa Sheet,

4 or any less Piece of Paper, amounts in the Whole to the Sum of Two-pence: And whereas the PapeF

4 liable to the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts is now brought to the Head Office of the Commis-

4 sioners for damping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Sheets of Double Demy, to be damped

and marked by the said Commissioners, or the Officers employed under them, with the Stamp or Mark

4 provided by the said Commissioners to denote the said Duty of Two-pence upon every such Newspaper

4 as aforesaid: And whereas it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Printers and Publishers of the said

4 Newspapers, if the said Commissioners and their Officers were authorized and empowered to stamp Single

4 Demy Paper in Sheets instead of damping every Half Sheet of Double Demy Paper, and that the said

4 Power, if given, would not injure the Revenue:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this

Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and the Officers employed under them,

and they are hereby authorized and empowered to stamp or mark any Quantities or Parcels of Single Demy

Paper, in Sheets which shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Person bringing the fame, paying to

the Receiver-General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the Sum of Two-

pence for each such Sheet of Single Demy Paper as aforesaid; any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof re-

speding the said Duties notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That every such Sheet of Single Demy Paper shall not exceed twenty-eight Inches

in Length and twenty Inches in Breadth; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners* to administer certain Oaths and

Declarations required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at tire

Election of Members to serve in Parliament.—[nth June 1794.]

WHEREAS great Delays have aiifen in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places

^ England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy by the Time and Place in which the

4 Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, the Declaration of Fidelity* the Gath of Abjuration* and the Declara-

4 tien

10 Anna:, Cap.

19.

30 Geo. IX.

Cap. 19.

I6 Geo. III.

Cap. 34.

29 Cco. nr.

Cap. 50.

Single Demy

Paper miv he

stamot in Sheet*

on P\vn*ent of

2 d Dury per

Sheet.

Size of Sheet*.

