C. 10-----20.

499

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto G e or g i i III.

additional Expence of conveying Letters between this Kingdom and the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, Quarter to

shall be, and be deemed Part of the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Part

Poitmaster General, and shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund. ' Gcntrai^fk

Office.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued,

molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons

shall and may plead the General Lflue, and give this A ft and the Special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or General Issue.

" ^eir Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the

aintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment

ill be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants

ill have treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Cost».

CAP. XIX.

Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock

of the said Company.—[28th March 1794.]

CAP.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper,

XX.

Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and

Glazed Paper $ and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.—[4th April 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for repeal 'uig the several Duties of Cujhms and Excise, and granting other Duties in

lieu thereof \ and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties comfojing the Publick Revenue ;

for permitting the Importation of certain Goodsy Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of

the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies

remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt;

certain Duties of Customs are imposed upon Paper, Paffeboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards imported

into Great Britain; and by the said Act, and another Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines for the

Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their PoJfejJion at a certain Tirney upon which the Duties on Importation

have been paid; and for amending feveralLaws relative to the Revenue of Excise\ certain Duties of Ex-

cife are imposed upon all Papers, Pastebeards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

iflerabled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said Duties of Customs and Excise, and to grant other Duties

n lieu thereof do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

ttinghs most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

after the fifth Day of April ot\t thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the said Duties of Customs and Ex-

cife shall respectively cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cafes

elating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain un-

aid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto, which may

ive been incurred at any Time before, or on the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

nety-four: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed

construedto extend, to repeal the Duties of Excise by the said recited Acts, or either of them, imposed,

r or in respect of Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other

fes, or the Duties of Customs for or in respect of such Paper imported into Great BritTain\ any Thing

;rein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April

|ne thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in lieu and instead of the said respective Duties of Customs

and Excise hereby repealed* there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, the several Duties of Customs and Excise hereinafter respectively mentioned; (that is

to say,)

*7 Geo. ITI.

Cap. 13. and

*7 Geo. TIT.

C»p. 31. recited.

Duties imposed

by recited Arts,

repealed ;

the Dutiei oft

Paper for

Hangings, Ac.

excepted;

and the follow-

ing Dutiei to be

paid t

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the por wrjn*nf>

Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and of all Elephant Papers, and drawin*, print-

all Cartridge Papers, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or ing,&c. Paper

trtherwife, a Custom Duty of Ten-pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Papers

which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Two-pence Halfpenny: a!r3 in *m

Great Britain, ad. aq. per lb.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of coloured Papers, and Whited Brown Papers, (other than and

except Elephant and Cartridge Papers,) fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and

not nt or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and

printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eajt India Com-

4 P<iny

For c lou' and

Whited Brown

Papers imported,

4d. and for such

made in Great

