A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 81—83. 607

under the Orders of the Lord Mayor or other Magistrates of the said City, who shall have Power and Au-

thority to call out the Whole, or any Part thereof, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other requisite Duty

for which they may be wanted, the said Officers and Men, when so called out, to be subject to the fame

Penalties as are hereinbefore directed when the said Militia shall be actually embodied; and the said Com-

missioners may order the said Serjeants and Corporals to be inspected and exercised so often as they shall think

proper and necessary.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the said Militia shall fit in any Court Mar-

tial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, other than Mi-

litia Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, other than the Militia

Forces, fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Private Man serving in the said

Militia.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

immediately after the passing this Act, to hold such General Courts, and to issue such Precepts for the Pur-

pose of carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed to be done at the An-

nual General Courts.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Commissions

heretofore granted by the said Commissioners, in Conformity to their former Powers, shall cease and be-

come void.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed,

which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recoverable by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In-

formation in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Privilege, Protection,

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath

of the Offence, before the Lord Mayor or other Magistrate of the said City, of any Justice'of the

Peace of the County, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and

Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Lord Mayor,

Magistrate, or other Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of

such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and for

Want of sufficient Distress the said Lord Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice is hereby required, in all

Cafes when no particular Time of Commitment is herelnbefcre directed, to commit such Offender to the

County Gaol where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months,

and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not other-

wife particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Regimental Clerk of that Regiment where such

Offence shall have been committed, and shall be made Part of the Public Stock of that Regiment.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person for any Thing

done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the

Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Com-

plaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead

the General Ifiue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there-

upon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or

Defendants shall have appeared, or if on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any De-

fendant hath in other Cafes to recover Costs by Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be

judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Sefijon of Parliament, intituled, An An for

establishing Regulations respefiing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, cr resident therein, in

certain Cafes.—[7th July 1794.]

“ 33 Geo. HI. Cap. 4, recited, and continued till Jan* r, 1795, and to the End of the next Session.”

under the Orders

of 1 he Magis-

trates, &c.

Officers of the

said Militia to

fr on the Trial

of other Militia

Officers only,

and vice *et fa.

After passing

this Afl, Gene*

ral Courts may

be held, &c.

Com millions

heretofore

granted, void,

E ecovery and

Application of

Fines,

Limitation of

Actions,

General IflueV

Treble Costs.

Public A&a

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present

Majrity’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted

ElcBions, or Returns of Members to fervein Parliame, as tebtes to the Time of pre-

fenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking the fame into Consideration.

[7th 1794.]

€ TT WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 28 Gt0* HI.

‘ VV din Act for the further Regulation of the cIrials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Alembers to CaP*

4 serve in Parliament, it is enacted, that whenever any fvich Select Committee of the House of Commons,

34 Geo. III. 4 I ‘as

