308 C. 25—27. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

During thf War

trading Vefleh

may have three-

fourths of the

Crew Foreigners.

Act not to re-

train the Effect

of any Royal

IVoclaoiatiun,

&c»

During the pre-

relit War any

Resident in

Great Britain,

supply ng or

causing to he

suppliec', See. for

the Purpose of

being sent to

France, See. any

of the Articles

herein enume-

rated, without

■Licence from his

.Majesty, to be

deemed

Traitor.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for paving the Footpaths, within the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop; and for lighting-

watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty *s Ships of

War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vefifels, during the

present War.—[30th April 1793.]

TTOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board

4 JP Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War,’ be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the pacing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this present War, and no longer, (except in respect

to such Merchant Ships and other trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage befoie the De-

termination of the War, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home

navigated in the Manner as herein-after is provided,) it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship

or other trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great

Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized

Subjects, so as the Number of such foreign Seamen do not exceed three-fourths of the Mariners at any one

Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Veftel, and that one-fourth at

least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at ail 'Limes Natives, or his Majesty’s naturalized Subjects

of Great Britain, (sudden Death and ITzard, and Calbalties of War and the Seas, saved and excepted,)

one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled, An Act for the encouraging and cncreajin* of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law

to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect

of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue

of an Act pai&d in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of

Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Skips of lVary and on Board Merchant Shipsy and other trading

Ships and Privateers.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and

France, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, his

Majesty’s Enemies.—[7th May 1793.]

4 T/f/HEREAS it is expedient more effectually to prevent traitorous Coricspondence with, or Aid or

4 W Artiftance being given to, his Majesty’s Enemies, during the Continuance of the present War be-

4 tween Great Britain and France \ be it declared and enacted by the King's mdft Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of the present War

between Great Britain and France, if any Person residing or being in Greet Britain, shall knowingly and

wilfully, on his own Account or Credit, or on the Account or Credit, or by the Direction of any other Per-

son or Persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident 6r being, fell, supply, or deliver, or fend for the Pur-

pose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or agree to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the Purpose of

being fold, supplied, or delivered, or shall, knowingly and wilfully, either on his own Account or CreJit, or

on the Account or Credit, or by the Direction of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or wheresoever

resident or being, cause or procure to be sold, supplied, or delivered, or lent for the Purpose of being fold,

supplied, or delivered, or authorize or direct any other Pet Ion whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being,

to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the Purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or shall knowingly

and wilfully aid or assist in so felling, supplying, or delivering, or fending for the Purpose of being so fold,

supplied, or delivered, or in so authorizing or directing any other Person whomsoever, or wheresoever resident

or being, to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the Purpose of being fold, fiipplicd, or delivered, to or for

the Use of the Persons now exercising, or who may hereafter, during the said War, exercise the Powers of

Government in France \ or to or for the Use of any Armies, Troops, Fleets, Ships, or Veflcfe employed

or to be employed by the Persons exercising, or who shall exercise, such Powers of Government as aforesaid,

or to or for the Use of any Persons or Person residing or being within any of the Dominions of France, or any

Town, 'Lerritory, Port, or Place annexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercising,

or who shall exercise, as aforesaid, the Powers of Government in France; or if any Person residing, or being in

Great Britainf shall knowingly and wilfully, during the said War, buy or procure, or contraftor agree to buy

or procure, or cause to be bought or procured, or authorize or direct any other Person or Persons whomsoever,

or

t^ooooie

