A.D. 1794. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 40. [528]

thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justiceor Justices shall and may, by his or their

Order in Writing, direct the fame to be detained, or otherwise if he or they shall think fit, to be de-

ftroyed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath, before

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against the said Act of the twenty-seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty in any House or Place within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice

or Justices, wheieby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall

and may be lawful coand for the said Justiceor Justices before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they

shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and

impower any Person or Persons by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night-time, then in the Presence cf a

Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein,)

to break open the Doors, or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been committed,

and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other Persons

who shall bedifeovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been any

Ways concerned with any such Offender or Offenders in committing such Offence, and to convey them be-

fore any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein

such Person (hull be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid ; and all Persons who

shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, assisting, or any Ways concerned with such

Offender or Offenders in carrying on any Transactions respeciing the said Lotteries, or either of them, con-

trary to theexprefs Provision^ of the said Act ol the twenty-seventh Year aforesaid, shall be deemed Rogues

and Vagabonds, and punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said A61 or this A61, as the Cafe may

require ; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant,

and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, to stop, arrest, and detain, all and every the

Person and Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before

such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid ; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstrudf, of-

pose, molest, or hinder, any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in

the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, de-

taining, or conveying before such Justice or Justices, any such Offenders or other Persons as aforesaid, every

such Person so obstructing, oppoling, molciting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender

against Law and the public Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried and con-

victed shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, and publicly whipped, as in their Dif-

cretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although not discovered in such House or Place ns aforesaid,

who shall employ or cause to be employed any Person or Persons in carrying on any of the Transacb’on3

aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any such Person or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds,

and shall be punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said A61 of the twenly-seventh Year afore-

said.

On CompVnt

on Oa'h of Of-

fences against

27 Geo III.

Cap. t. whereby

the Pait>e8 may

be liable to Pu-

nilhmer.t as

Rogues, Jt-ftices

may auifionze

Persons to break

open Houses,

&c.

Persons difeo-

vered in fu< h

Huufes c n-

cerned in carry-

ina on illegal

Transactions,

to be punished

as Rogues, and

may be arrested,

&c.

Penalty on Peri

Tons obstrufling

Officers, &o.

XXXVIIL And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this A61, it shall not Manner in

be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence or enter, cr cause or procure to be commenced which Aflionr

or entered, or filed or prosecuted, any A£tion, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s

Couits of Record at Westminjl e)\ for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties inflicted by any of the Laws nienced.C f

touching or concerning Lotteries, or by this Act, unless the fame be commenced, entered, fiied, and pro-

fecuted, in the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or

Officers appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if any A£tion, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, shall be commenced or entered in any other Person’s Name or Names than as is before men-

tioned, the fame, and all Proceedings thereupon had, arc hereby declared to be null and void, and the said

Court or Courts, where such Proceedings shall be so commenced, shall cause the fame to be stayed ; any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstandir.g.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Writ or Process shall issue against Where the

any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence committed against any Pc-

Law touching or concerning Lotteries, or against this A cl, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued lor

shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof shall be made or filed according to the Directions of the ;n writs, the

said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Plaintiff or Informer shall not Defendant to be

proceed to arrest the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him or them person- ^rved with a

ally with a Copy of the Process, and shall and may proceed therein in like Manner as in Cafes of Debt, r£e

where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds in the said Courts respectively ; any recc s* c*

Thing in the said last-mentioned A61 contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted. That if any Person shall be brought before any two or more Justices of Offenders ad-

the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said Act of the twenty-seventh Krpues

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of this Act, whereby such Person shall be adjudged a Rogue ™ay h^com?3

[ 3 V 2 J and mined.

