A.D. 1793.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 74.

45 7

Prolusion of

Glounds of

Debt to inttr-

r 1 f:t Picfcrip-

tien.

Oath of Verity.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Creditor shall, after the first Deli-

verance on the Petition for Sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary Preference or Payment on or out of

any Estate or Subject belonging to the Bankrupt, direCtly or indirectly,situated without the Jurifdjclion of

the Court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the fame to the Trustee for Behoof of the Creditors,

before he can draw any Dividend out of the Funds in the Hands of the Trustee, and he shall in all Events be

liable to an ACtion before the Court of Session at the Instance of the Trustee, to communicate the said Secu-

rity or Payment in so far as the Jurisdiction of the Court can reach him.

XLL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the making Production of^the Ground of Debt,

or certified Account, with the Oath of Verity aforesaid, in the Hands of the Interim Factor, Sheriff Clerk,

or Trustee, or in the Court of Session, shall have the fame EffeCl as to interrupting Prescription of every

Kind, from the Period of such Production, as if a proper ACtion had been raised on the said Grounds of Debt

against the Bankrupt, and against the Trustee.

XLII. And be it enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Oath the Creditor deponing shall

specify every Security he holds for his Debt, whether on the Estate of the Debtor or other Obligants, and shall

swear that he holds no other Security than is mentioned in his Oath, otherwise his Oath shall not be received

by theTrustee as sufficient, nor his Claim be sustained; and the Oaths of Verity upon Debts required by

this A Cl may be taken before any Judge Ordinary or Justice of the Peace ; and where any Creditor is out of

the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under Age, or incapable to give an Oath, in all such Cates

an Oath of Credulity by the Agent, FaCfor, Guardian, or other Manager, taken in the same Manner, shall

be sufficient, but which Oaths, either by the Party himself, or any other Person aCting for him, shall not fu-

perfede the Necessity of bringing legal Evidence of the Debt, if the fame is objected to as unliquidated, or

where Evidence appears to be necessary in the Circumstances of the Cafe; and further declaring, that no

Fee shall be paid by any Creditor to the Clerk of Court, or any Person whatsoever, for an Oath of Verity or

Credulity as to the Debt claimed being due, or for Production of the Interest or Grounds of Debt of any

Creditor, unless the Debt claimed on exceeds the Sum often Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain.

XLIII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Creditor shall be guilty of Penalty of Mfe

false swearing in any Oath to be emitted in pursuance of this ACt, he shall be liable to a Prosecution at the In- swear ing.

stance of the Trustee,'or any of the Creditors, and his Majesty’s Advocate, for Perjury, and shall also forfeit

to the Trustee, for Behoof of the Creditors, the whole Dividends on his Debt.

XLIV. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee may, on Behalf of the Cre-

ators at large, withConfent of a Majority of the Commissioners named as aforesaid, compound and transaCt,

either by Submission or by private Compromise, all doubtful Claims which the Bankrupt may have against

others, or all Debts due to the Estate, out of other Bankrupt Subjects, and like wife all doubtful Claims or De-

mands made against the Estate or Questions of Ranking and Preference, and all contingent Debts and An-

nuities due to or by the Estate, the Value of which it may be expedient to settle in that Manner, in order that a

final Distribution may sooner take place.

XLV. And be it enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at the Expiration of one Year and an Half After a Year

from the Date of the Sequestration, any of the personal EfteCts of the Bankrupt, or any Debts, whether heri- and Half our-

table or moveable, due to him, remain (till unrccovered, it shall be in the Power of Four-fifths of the Creditors

in Number and Value, convened at any General Meeting called for the Purpose,after one Advertisement two

Weeks previous to the Meeting, in the Newspaper before mentioned, to direct that such remaining Debts

and EfFeCts, and also any contingent or future Interest which the Creditors at large may have in Dividends

deposited in Bank, or lent out as aforesaid, be fold off by publick AuCtion upon three Months previous No-

tice published in the Newspaper before mentioned, the Sale either to be in Whole or in Lots, as a Majority in

Value of the Creditors shall direCf.

XLVI. And be it enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus of the Bankrupt’s Estate and Ef-

sects that may remain after Payment of his Debts, computing Interest thereon as aforesaid, and the Charges

of recovering the Estate, and distributing the fame, shall be paid or made over to him, or to his Assignees or

Successors.

Tfuftee may

enter into Sub-

millions or

Compromiles*

landing Debt*,

&c. may be .'old

by Audiou.

XLVII. And be it enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That at or after the first General Meeting of the

Creditors, and at any Time before the Period assigned for the second Dividend, it shall be competent for the

Bankrupt, with Concurrence of the Interim Manager or Trustee, and of Four-fifths of the Creditors in

Number and Value, who have produced their Grounds of Debt and Oaths of Verity as before, to apply to

the Court of Session for a personal Protection from Diligence for such Time as the Court shall think reason-

able, and the fame, being once obtained, shall be renewed within the same Period, if applied for in Name of

the Bankrupt, with Consent cf the Trustee alone, unless any of the Creditors oppose it, in which Cafe the

Consent of Four-fifths in Number and Value shall be required as before : Providing always, That from and

after the Period assigned for the second Dividend, the Power of granting personal Protections under this Sta-

tute shall ccafe, unless upon Cause shewn to the Court, and Oath made, both by the Bankrupt and by the

Trustee, that the Delays which have happened in making a final Distribution were unavoidable, and that

every proper Step has been taken, and will continue, on their Part, to be taken far winding up the Affairs of

the Bankrupt, and bring the Truit to a final Close; and also providing, that after the Period of the third

Dividend, ortwoYeais subsequent to the iirft Deliverance aforesaid, the Power cf granting personal Pro-

tections under this ACt shall entirely cealc, without Prejudice to a final Discharge, either upon full Payment

or as herein-after directed.

3 N 2 XLVIII. And

Surplus cf

Estate, after

Payment of

Debts, to be

paid to Bank-

rupt.

Bankrupt may

get a personal

ProteQion for z

limited Time,

but not af er

Peiiod of 2d

Dividend, un-

leP upon Cause

fticwn, dec.

