A. D» 1793. Anno tricesixno tertio Georgii III/ C. 63,-64 415'

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter, or other Person taking

Charge of any Ship or Vessel importing such Goods from Ireland, shall, on his Arrival in Great Britain,

deliver to the Collector, Com pt roller,_or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port of Arrival, at or

the fame

are hereby

Documents and

Certificates respectively are the fame Calks, Parcels, and Goods as were taken on board such Ship or

Vessel in Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Goods as shall be imported, by

virtue of this Act, from Ireland, fihall be considered, with respect to Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if imported from the said refjpedtive Colonies,

Plantations, and Settlements, directly into Great Britain.

ported from

Master of Ships

imposing such

Goods from Ire-

land, to deliver

to the Officer of

the Customs at

the Port of Arri-

val, the rrquifite

Documents, &c.

Such Goods,

with respect to

Duties, &c. to

be considered as

if directly im-

the Colonies,

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall Aa not to per-

extend to permit or allow of the Importation from Ireland, into Great Britain, of any Goods, Wares, or ^o/Sood*

Merchandizes of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within the produced, &c.*

Limits of the exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, within rheLi-

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. mitV of the East

J:idia Company’s Trade*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created Recovery and

and incurred by this Act, shall and may be Hied for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such p^J^00 c

Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels

forfeited, for any Offence against the Laws of Cutlorns, may now iegally.be sued for, prosecuted, reco-

vered; and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act,

shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law

entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for- unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce.

arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they

are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to, upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the seventh and eighth Years of King

William the Third, intituled, An All for the further regulating Elections of Members to

serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Offi-

cers in the electing and returning such Members, so far as relates to the Publication of

Notices of the Time and Place of Election.—[47th June 3793.]

4 HEREAS y an Act, made and passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the late King William

the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- 7 & 8 Gul. III.

4 ?nent, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning Cjp. 25*

4 such Members, it is enabled. That the proper Officers therein mentioned shall, upon the Receipt of Pre^

4 cepts for the Flection of Members to serve in Parliament, forthwith cause publick Notice to be given of

the Time and Place of Election, and shall proceed to Election thereupon within the Time by the said Act

4 limited, and give four Days Notice at least of the Day appointed for the Election; but it is not in the said

4 Act specified at what Time or within what Hours of the Day it shall be incumbent on the proper Officer

4 to give such publick Notice as aforesaid: And. whereas,- by reason of such Uncertainty, great Inconveni-

4 encies may arise from the undue Practices of returning Officers and othersMay it please your Majesty

rhat it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this Act, all Notices to be given of the Time Notices of the

and Place of any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, shall be publickly given at the usual Place or Time and Place

Places within the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and four of the Clock in the Afternoon, cfEieciions for

from the twenty-fifth Day of October to the twenty-fifth Day of March inclusive, and within the Hours of Members of

eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and fix of the Clock in the Afternoon, from the twenty-fifth Day of

March to the twenty-fifth Day of October inclusive, and not otherwise; and that no Notice to be given of CCrf*in Huun.

the Time and Place of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament shall be deemed or taken to be a good

or valid Notice for any Purpose-s, or to any Effect whatsoever, which shall not be made and pub-

1 fined in the Manner and within the Time of Day aforesaid; any. Law> Statute, Usage, or Custom

the contrary notwithstanding.

33 Geo. III.

3 H

CAT.

