208

Form of Paper

to be delivered

by the Inspe£tor

to Representa-

tives of Persons

•tying Imestate -p

mu ft be

filed up and cer-

tified ; and if

the Inspetfor be

fati'fied, he shall

make out ar Cer-

tificate in the

following Foim.

Form of Certi-

ficate.

C. 34. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1792.

LIST.

ift Degree—Widow,

ad Child.

3d Father.

4rh --- Mother.

5th - 1 Brother, or Sifter*

6h----- Grand-tather, or Grand-mother*

^th Uncle, Aunt j Nephew, or Niece*

8th — — - Cousin-german.

qth —-----Cousin-german, once removed,

loth Second Couiln,

4 My Place of Abode is

c S I R,

4 TLjAVING obtained Information, That A\ B. born about the

4 Year 17 at». ' and belonging to

4 his Majesty’s Ship about the Year

4 died at in the Month of 17

4 without leaving any Will to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief;

4 I now apply for a Certificate to enable me to obtain Letters of

4 Administtation to his Effects, being his

4 and | nearest of Kin, no one, to the bed of my Know-

4 ledge and Belief, of a nearer Degree being living at the Time of

4 the Death of the fa id Deceased, who died a of*VvS I

* 4 c. ds

c

€

hereby certify. That wc personally know the above subscribing C- D. and believe what j has

stated to be true.

* Beth Inhabitants of the Parish of

in the County of

4 E. F.

4 G.H.

c No

4 WE hereby certify, That the above E. F. G. H. are known to us, are Housekeepers, and Persons of

4 good Repute*

4 Witness our Hands,

4 Dated at 1 /• A\ Minider.

4 this Day > L. M. j Churchwardens

4 of 3 N. O. \ or Elders. J

• N. B. Tf the Person applying is the Widow of the Party deceased, Ihe mull forward, herewith, an Extract

• from the Parish Regiller, or some other authentic Proof of her Marriage.

• If the Deceased died, after he had left the Naval Service, an Extract from the Parish Regiller of his Barial,

« or some other authentic Proof of his Death, mull likewise be sent to this Office.

* If the Person applying knows any Proctor in Doflors Commons, orft£e is desired to mention his Name, that

• he may be employed in obtaining the Letters of Administration.

* This Application, when filled up and attelied, is to be sent by the General Poll,under Cover, directed to the

• Treasurer or to the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, London

.And upon the Receipt of the said Paper the Person claiming such Administration shall fill up, or cause to be

filled up, the several Blanks in the first Part of the said Paper, according as the Truth may be, and shall duly

subscribe the fame; and two Inhabitants of the Parish within which the Person claiming such Administration

shall reside, shall sign the fird Certificate on the said Paper, having previously filled up the Blanks therein

agreeable to the Truth ; after which the Minister and two Churchwardens, if in England, and two Elders,

if in Scotland, shall sign the second Certificate upon the aforesaid Paper, the Blanks therein being firli filled

up agreeable to the Truth; and the said Paper being in all 7'hirtgs completed according to the Directions

thereon and hereby given, the fame shall be returned, addressed to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his

Majesty’s Navy, London, who upon receiving the fame shall dircdl the Inspector of Seamen's Wills to ex-

amine the fame, and make such Enquiry relative thereto as may appear to him necessary on that Behalf, and

being satisfied, he shall forthwith make out a Certificate in the following Form, or to the like Effect:

4 Ail of Parliament, 32 George III. Ch. 34.

C No

4 CERTIFICATE to obtain LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION.

4 Navy Pay-Office*

4 TJ AVING duly examined an Application made to this Office by C. D. of and*

County of dating that c^c is the ( ru\'fZ?nt [ next of Kin of A. B.

4.originally of and late a waiiac belonging to his Majesty’s Ship

4 and who died Intedate, a ^tNc1hwiCrcror upon the • Day of and without leaving

4 any one of a superior Degree ot Kindred to him ; and it appearing that no Will of the Deceased has been

4 lodged in this Office, I therefore grant this Abdract of said A ppheation, and certify that I believe what is

4 therein dated to be true, and al.o that the said C. D. may obtain Letters of Administration to the Effects

4 of the said Deceased, which appear not to exceed the Sum of Pounds; provided always that

4 1 I is otherwise entitled thereto by Law*

4 I, P• Inspe£lor*

4 To

4 ProPor in Dotlors Commons* " 4

4 N.B. Tier

