A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii IIL C. 57, 58. 397

The damaged

Par* may be fe*

partied, when

warehoused To-

bacco is brought

to be weighed

for Exportation

or Home Con-

fumptiuo, &c.

be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Im-

porters, Proprietors, or Consignecs of any Tobacco which now is or shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in

any Warehouse provided according to the Directions of the said recited Act, to separate all the damaged and

mean Tobacco, for which they rLlpeftively shall refuse to pay the Duties imposed by the said Act, from the

Residue of such Tobacco, upon such Tobacco being brought to the Scale to be weighed, and previous to

the weighing such Tobacco according to the Directions of the said Act, either for Exportation, or for Home

Trade, Consumption,or Manufacture; and that all the damaged and mean Tobacco which shall be so fepa-

rated from the Residue of such T obacco, shall be forthwith given up to the proper Officers of Customs and

Excise, to be by them burnt and destroyed, and the Residue of such Tobacco, after the Separation as afore-

said of all the damaged and mean Tobacco, shall be weighed and delivered either for Exportation, or for

Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, as the Cafe may be, upon the Payment of such Duties, and

subject and liable to all the Rules, Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which

any such Tobacco is by Law now subject and liable, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary

thereof in any wise not with (landing.

IV. And whereas a Cargo of Tobacco, the Produce of Weft Florida, was, in or about the Month of

4 February one thousand (even hundred and ninety-three, brought on board a SpaniJJj Ship or Vessel, called

the San Juan Baptijia^fxoco New Orleans into the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: And where -

4 as Application was made to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury,

4 setting forth that the said Cargo was originally intended for Nantz, in the Kingdom of France \ but on Ac-

4 count of Hostilities between Spain and that Country, the fame was brought into the Port of Plymouth,

4 with a Request that the said Cargo might be admitted to an Entry in this Kingdom as Tobacco imported

4 from the Countries belonging to the United States of America: And whereas, in consideration of the

4 aforesaid Circumstance, the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury di-

4 reefed that the said Cargo should be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling and Three-

4 pence per Pound Weight, being the Duty payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Ma*

4*jesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Elands, or Territories in America, or the United States of America, on Con-

4 dition that Security should be given to his Majesty for the Payment of the Duty of three Shillings and Six-

4 pence per Pound Weight on the said Tobacco, unless Provision should be made by Parliament for admit-

4 ting the fame at a lower Duty, and Security has been given by Bond accordingly: And whereas it is ex-

4 pedient that Relief should be given in this Cafe \ be it therefore enacted By the Authority aforesaid, That

the said Bond so given shall be cancelled, and that so much of the said Cargo as consists of unmanufactured

Tobacco, shall, upon the Delivery thereof for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, be admitted to

Entry on Payment of the fame Duties of Customs and Excile as are due and payable on T obacco of the

Growth or Production of the United States of America, or be delivered for Exportation in like Manner as-

Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the said United States, may now, by Law, be so delivered; and

that the Remainder of the said Cargo, being manufactured Tobacco, shall be delivered free of Duty, on due

Entry being made for Exportation thereof to the Port of Hamburgh; and that all the said Tobacco, upon

the Delivery thereof either lor Home T rade, Consumption, or Manufacture, or for Exportation, as the Cafe

may be, shall be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures __________

to which Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America is now by Law subject ▼cred Duty-free

and liable. for Exportation

. ' to Hamburgh.

V. And be it further enaCted, That nothing in this ACt contained shall extend to affect any Regulations Not to affect any-

contained in any ACt or ACts of this Session of Parliament for the Deposit of Tobacco, on the Security Regulation! for

whereof any Exchequer Bills shall be lent in pursuance of such ACts. Dcpofu of To-

bacco, on which Exchequer Bill! shall be lcnfc»

The unmanu-

factured Tobic-

co, b» ught in

the San Juan

Baptifla, to be

admitted t> En-

try, or delivered

for Exportation,

Ti bacco of

theUni edStates

of America j and

the manufac-

tured to be deIt—

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to allow to Ships carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of {he

Kquator, the fame Premium as they are now entitled to if they do not pass the

£qua;or.—[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled^

An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery; and by another ACt, passed in the

twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (or the Encouragement of the Southern VVhale Fiftiery,

and for mating further Provisions Jor that Purpose; it is enacted, among other Things, That it shall and

may be lawful for any Ship or Veilel employed in carrying on the said Southern Whale Filbery, in the

Pacific k Ocean to the Weft ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights cf Alagellan, to fail and pass as far

as the Equator Northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty Degrees of Longitude Weft from Lon-

don, and no further: And whereas by an Act, pasted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

far continuing in the East-India Company^ for a further Term, the Pcjjession of the Bniifh Territories in

India, together with their cxdufrve Trade, under certain Limitations \ for ejtabiijinng further Regulations for

the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same $ for appro-

priating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision forgthee

goad QrtLr and Government of the Towns £/* Calcutta* Madras, ana Bombay j it is enacted, among other

13 ' Things*

26 Geo. Ilf*

Cap. 501

28 Geo. III.

Cap. ao$ tad'

33 Geo. III.

Cap. 51, recited.

kaooooie

