543

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 51—53.

make, with the proper Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where the fame shall be brought Coast-

wife, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before the' Paid Officer, who is hereby

-authorized and required to administer the lame, that such Slate is really and bona fide intended to be so

•exported to Parts beyond the Seas; and if such Slate shall afterwards be used in this Kingdom, the Owner

o'r Proprietor thereof, not having first paid the Duty for the fame as imposed by this Act on Slate brought

Coastwise, such Slate shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuf-

toms, and the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall forfeit, for every Ton Weight thereof, the Sum of twenty

Shillings, one Moiety of which shall be to the Use of the Person who shall give Information thereof, and

the other Moiety to the Officer who shall sue for the same; or any Slate, the Value of which (as it is on

Shipboard at the Port or Place where the fame shall be intended to be landed) shall,not exceed the Sum of

twenty Shillings the Ton; or any Stone, the Value of which as aforesaid shall not exceed the Sum of fix

Shillings the I on: Provided nevertheless, That the fame shall be accompanied with the usual Coast Dif-

patches, as in case of Goods carried Coastwise free of Duty, and shall be regularly entered and landed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of the Slate or Stone so ex-

empted horn Duty as aforesaid shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Proprietor or Consignee in

such and the like Manner, and that such Goods shall be fuhjecl to such and the like Rules, Regulations,

and Reftnclions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except as to the Payment of Duty,) and the Officers of the

Customs invested with such and the like Powers and Authorities as to such Goods as are directed to be ob-

served, and p radii fed, and applied with regard to Slate and Stone on which a Duty is by this Act ini-

poled.

V1IL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to require the lYIafter of any Veffiel, in or on board of which any Slate or Stone shall

be shipped, to be carried Coastwise by Sea from any Port or Place within this Kingdom, to any other Port

or Place within the same, or the Owners or Shippers of any such Slate or Stone to give any Bond for the

due landing thereof, or to take out any Cocket or other Document on Account thereof, except such Suf-

ferance, Warrant, Permit, or Tran fire as was required by Lawfor the shipping or carrying Coastwise of

the like Goods at and immediately before the puffing of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enndled, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several Duties by

this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively

excepted,) shall, from and after the passing c Tthis Act, from Fime to Time, be paid into the Receipt of

his Majesty’s Exchequer at IVfiminjicr; and the said Money, so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall

be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates

or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to

the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock

created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament;

and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and

kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books

in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, to-

gether w'ith the'Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for

the purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other

Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XL 4 And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made, before the fifth Day of July one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety-four, by the Importers or Proprietors of Slate or Stone, for or in respe^t whereof

4 a Duty is by this Act imposed, for serving Persons with such Slate and Stone, or either of those Articles

4 respectively, to be delivered in point of Time after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ’

4 ninety four;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the fifth Day of

July one thouUnl seven hundred artG ninety-four, the Importers or Proprietors of such Slate and Stone for

or in respect whereof a Duty is by this Act imposed, or either of those Articles respectively, which shall be

delivered after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in pursuance of such Con-

tracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such Slate and Stone, or either of those Ar-

ticles respectively, and dull be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid the lame accordingly.

1

Penalty for using

such Slate in

Great Biieain

without paying

Duty. &c.

Value of Slate or

Stone exempted

from Duty to be

ascertained as

that liable to

Duty,

Act not to re-

quiie Matters of

Vessels carrying

Slate or Stone

Coastwise* or

Shippers, to give

BonJ, or take

out other Docu-

ment than what

was required be-

fore passing it*

Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer and carried

to the Consoli-

dated Fund,

and to be deem-,

an Addition

to the Reveoue r

for defraying the

increased^hargfc

of any Loan of

this Scttion, dec*

Duties may be

added to Prices

of Slate and

Stone contracted

for prior to and

not delivered

till after July

*794*

CAP. LII.

An A<3 for paving, andotherwise improving, the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

[4th April 1794*]

CAP. LIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ra»'fdcn^

Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, to join and

communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, at

or near the Town of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lancaster*— [4th April 1794-]

34 Geo, III* 4 A CAP.

