A.D. 1791. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32.

4 IV. And whereas, by several Acts, namely, the said Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of

f her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth ; an Act padetl in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her

4 said late Majesty, intituled, An Act against Jesuits, Seminary Prie/ls, and other fuel? like difohedient Per fins \

4 the-said Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth ; the

4 said Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First ; the said

4 second mentioned Act, passed in the third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First;

4; an Act passed in the third year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the First, intituled, An Act

‘ to refrain the paffng of any to le popifbly bred beyond the Seas; and an Act p.ided in die twenty-fifth Year of the

‘Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act fir preventing Dangers which may

4 happen fromPopish Rccnfunts\ Papills, reputed Papists, Persons profelling or educated in the Popish Religion,

‘ Popish Recusants, Popish Recusants Convidt, Persons reconciled to or holding Communion with the

c See of Rome, Popish Bishops, Priests, or Deacons, Persons entering or belonging to any Ecclesmstical

4 Order or Community of the Church of Rome, Persons hearing or saying Mass, or being present at, or con-

‘ forming to, or performing or observing any Rite, Ceremony, Practice, or Observance of the Church of

‘ Rome, or maintaining or assisting others therein, are made subject to the Punishments, Penalties, and Difia-

4 bilities therein mentioned :9 Now be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, no Person who shall take and subscribe the Oath herein-

before appointed to be taken and subscribed in Manner hereby required, shall be presented, indidled. Hied,

impeached, prosecuted, or convicted, in any Civil or Ecclesiastical Court of this Realm, for being a Papist, or

reputed Papist, or for profelling or being educated in the Popish Religion, or for hearing or saying iViafs, or

for being a Priest or Deacon, or entering or belonging to any Ecclesiastical Order or Community of the

Church of Romey or for being present at, or performing or observing any Rite, Ceremony, Practice or Ob-

fervance of the Popish Religion, or maintaining oraflifting others therein.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Place of Congregation, or Assembly for religious

Worship, shall be permitted or allowed by this Act, until the Place of such Meeting shall be certified to the

ifuftices of the Peace, at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place in which

uch Meeting shall be held, and until the Place of such Meeting shall be recorded at the said General or Quar-

ter Sessions ; the Clerk of the Peace u hereof is hereby required to record the fame, and to give a Certificate

thereof to such Person as shall demand the fame, for which there shall be no greater Fee or Reward taken

than the Sum of six Pence; and that no Person in holy Orders, or pretended hoiy Orders, whether as Priest

or as a Minister of any other higher Rank or Order, shall perform any ecclesiastical Fundtion, or otherwise

officiate in any such Place of Meeting, until his Name, and his Description, as a Priest or Mini Her, shall have

been recorded at the Quarter or other General Scliion of the Peace for the County, or other Division, or Place,

in which such Place of Meeting shall be situate, by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Court; who is hereby

required to record such Name and Description accordingly, upon Demand by such Person, and upon Pay-

ment of six Pence as a Fee or Reward, and shall give a Certificate thereof to such Person as shall from Time

to Time demand the fame, for which Certificate no greater Fee or Reward shall be taken than two Shillings;

and no Priest or Minister of any Rank, in holy Orders, or pretended holy Orders, who shall officiate in any

such Place of'Meeting, not so recorded as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be within the Benefit of this Act, for

any Purpose whatsoever.

VL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Assembly of Persons professing the Roman Ca-

tholick Religion shall be had in any Place for religious Worship, with theDoors locked, barred, or bolted dur-

ing any Time of such meeting together, all and every Person and Persons, who shall come to or be at such

Meeting, shall not receive any Benefit from this Law ; but,notwithstanding having taken the aforesaid Oath of

Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration, shall, from the Time of Conviction, be liable to the fame Pains and

Penalties, lor such their Meeting, as if this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person professing the Roman Catholick Religion shall hereafter

be chosen or otherwise appointed to bear the Office of High Constable or Petty Con(lable,Chuchwardcn, Over-

seer of the Poor, or any other Parochial or Ward Office, and such Person mall scruple to take upon him any

of the said Offices, in regard of the Oaths or any other Matter or Thing required by the Law to be taken or

done in respect of such Office, every such Person shall and may execute such Office or Employment by a suffi-

cient Deputy by him to be provided, that shall comply with the Laws in this Behalf; but the said Deputy

shall be allowed and approved by such Person or Persons, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers respec-

tively should by Law have been allowed and approved.

VIII. And bc.it further enacted. That every Priest, or other Person in holy Orders, or pretended holy

'Orders, being a Minister, Teacher, or Preacher of any Congregation of Pci Ions professing the Roman Ca-

tholick Religion, who shall take and subscribe theafoielaid Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration,

in Manner herein-before prescribed, shall from thenceforth be exempted from serving upon any Jury, or

from being chosen or appointed to bear the Office of Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or any other

Parochial or Ward Office, or other Office, in any Hundred of any Share, City, Town, Parish, Divi-

fion, or Wapentake.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Laws made and provided for the frequenting of

divine Service on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, shall be Hill in force, and executed against all

Pcifons who shall offend against the said Laws, unless such Persons shall come to forne Congregation or A1 -

fembly of religious Worlhfp permitted by this Act, or by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King

William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesies P rot fa fit Subjects, disfenting

from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws.

S 2 X, And

*3*

23 Eli*, c. 1. j

27 Eliz. c. 2. ;

35 Eliz. c. 1.;

* (vu>g ) r)

Jzc. i. c 4. ;

3 JJC »• «• 5- i

3 Ciir. 1. c. z.

and

25 Car. 2, c. 2.

recited.

No Fe*T»n who

(h-*II haveuken

the appointed

Oath profeiu-

table for being

a Papist, &c.

No Assembly for

religions Wor-

ship allowed

underthis Act

till it Gull be

certified to the

C^iaiterSessionf,

&c. ;

nor any Perf m

to perform any

ecclesiastical

Function there-

in, until his

Name, &c le

recorded by tl*e

Clerk of the

Peace.

Nn such Pheeof

Assembly to be

locked durir g

the Meeting,

Roman Catho-

lit ks may exe-

cute the Offite

0* Cor.liable, &c*

by Deputy,

Minister* of any

Roman Citno-

lick Congrega-

tien who shall

take the afore-

said Oath, ex-

empted trom

fervmgonjurie;,

&c.

Laws for fre-

quenting of di-

vine Service to

continue in

forte.

