The TITLES of

tot. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant in Fee Simple,

certain Estates veiled in him by reason of the Attainders

of the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such

attainted Persons.

102. An Act for improving the Outfal of the River Wel-

land, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drain-

age of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes,

discharging their Waters through the fame into the Sea;

and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said

River Welland by means of a new Cut, to commence

below a certain Place called The Reservoir, and to be car-

ried from thence through the enclosed Marshes, and open

Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of

Boston and a Place called the Scalp; and for disposing of

the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River ;

and for building a Bridge over the said Cut.

103. An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Par-

liament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal,

from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of

Oxford.

104. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

Safled in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present

lajesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing,

and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for removing and

preventing Objlrufiions and Annoyancex, and for widening

the Streetx, Lanes, and other Passages within the said

Town.

105. An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Par-

rett9 within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County*

of Somerset\ and for repairing, maintaining, and extend-

ing the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid ; for

abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for im-

posing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgewater

aforesaid instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and

Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for

imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle.

106. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town

of Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the County of

Monmouth.

107. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish

Church of Titton, otherwise Tibbington9 in the County of

Stafford, and for enlarging the Ccemetery or Burial

Ground belonging thereto.

108. An Act for regulating the Manner of flocking and

using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marjhy in the

Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act fot making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the Town of Swansea in the County of

Glamorgan, into the Parish of Yftradgunlais in the County

of Brecon.

110. An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the

Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Aber-

gele in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the

several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph

and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of RJyydlan in the County

of Flinty and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and

Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the

several Parishes of Diferth and Metiden in the said County

of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the fame, or

some Part thereof, one or more Aqucdufts, or other

Watercourses and Drains; and to enclose, divide, and fell,

competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons,

and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said

Works; and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and

Preservation thereof,

in. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint

Stephen in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and

the STATUTES.

the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments belonging to the same Parish, to fell and re-convey

to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City

of Bri/lol, a certain Plot of Ground, situate within and be-

longing to the said Parish; and for applying the Monies

arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the

Purposes of an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty,/ir making commodious Ways

and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen in the

City cf Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground be-

longing to the said Parish.

112. An Act for better regulating the Harbour of Dover in

the County of Kent*

113. An Act to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Road

through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albany

Saint Peter, S ben ley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the

Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to purchase certain

Buildings and Hereditaments for the Purpose of making

a new Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint

Alban.

114. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Norwich to Ayljham in the County

of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from

the said Road towards Holt, in the said County.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts,

passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, and the tenth and twenty-

eighth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing

the Road from Birmingham in the County of Warwick,

through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone

Bridge, in the said County.

u6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty,/^ repairing

and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Soli-

hull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone

Bridge to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfall Common in

the County of Warwick.

117. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the

Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as

relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for

amending certain other Roads in the County of Stafford.

118. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, of the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Se-

cond, and the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for

widening and repairing the High Road leading from Nor-

thallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the

Town of Thirfk, and from the South-east End of theJlreet

called Finkell-street, in Thirfk aforesaid, to and through

the Town £/*Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place

called Burton Stonb, near the City of YorV, and also the

Road from Thirfk aforesaid, to Topcliffe in the North

Riding of the County of York.

119. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, of the twenty-ninth Year of King~George the Se-

cond, and the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for

repairing and widening several Roads leading from the

Town of Kington in the County of Hereford, and other

Roads within the said County; and also for making,

amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other

Roads within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to

the Roads comprised in the said Acts.

120. An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from a

Place called Scaddow Gate in the Parish of Ticknall, to

the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike

Road, at or near a Place called The Wooden Box, and

certain

^

