A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 92—103.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of in the County of Devon,

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife-, by

the Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and in the County of Edin-

burgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland, in the County of Fife; and for rendering the Harbours and Land-

ing Places more commodious.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for regulating and improving the Salmon Fisheries in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries.-

CAP. XCV.

An Act for the better Relief and’ Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Wrox-

(ter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, HenleyT Leand Upton and the Cha-

pelry of Crejfage, in the County of Salop.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and

Pool, and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River from in the County

of Oxford,to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks.

cap. xcvnr.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to sell and dispose of a certain unfinflhed Building at or near ,

-in the County of Somerset, intended for a Publick Hospital or infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground be-

' longing thereto, in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by Subscription, within a limited

Time, for finishing the said Building, and paying the Money due on Account thereof.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several' Parishes within the City of

thier, and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint , which are Part within the City of

cester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and for providing, a Burial Ground for the Use of

such Parishes.

CAP. C.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the in the County of-Notting-

ham, to or near to the Town or Nottingham, and to the River , near Nottingham Trent and

also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal.

cap. cr.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kendal, in the County, of ,

to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch from the said in-

tended Canal at or near Borwici, to or near IVarton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at ,

or near. Gale Moss, by Charley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. C1I.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from fomePlace near Pontnewynydd

into the River Ujk,at or near the Town of Newport-, and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or

near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to or near to CruBridge, all in the County of ; and<

for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Cuts or Canals, to several IronWorks

and Mines, in the Countits of Monmouth and Brecknock.

CAP. CIIL

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways

Rows, Alleys, and publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Porijea, in the County of

ten j and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions within the said Town.

CAPi-

285

