A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Geor gii III. C. 78. 471

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales> to make Leases, Copies,

and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Royal HighneL’s

Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame \ and for the other Purposes therein men-

tioned.—[17^7^17.93.]

ic \T 7 HEREAS his Royal Highness Georg,e Prince of Wales now (lands seized of the Duchy of Corn-

1 wall) and the Possessions thereof, of an Estate of Inheritance under a special Form of Limitation,

4 differing from the ordinary Rutes of Inheritance at Common Law, whereupon Ibme Questions may grow,

4 what Estates in the fame the said most excellent Prince may legally grant, and whether Leases and Grants

4 made by his said Royal Highness of any Manors, Offices, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

4 Parcel of the said Duchy, or annexed to the fame, will be good and effectual in Law longer than for the

4 Life of his said Royal Highness; for avoiding of which Doubt, and for,the Eale and Quiet of the Minds of

x such Persons as have taken, or hereafter shall take, Leases or Grants from the said Prince, and to the End

4 -that such Persons may be lure to have good and indefeazible Etlates, and be encouraged to lay out Mo-

4 hies in building and repairing, or otherwise improving, the several Lands and Tenements to them demised

4 or granted, and to be demiled or granted be it enacted by the King’s moil:Excellent Majesty, by and

‘.with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Leases or Grants made or to be made by his

said Royal Highness, by Letters Patent, or Indentures, under the Great or Privy Seal of his said Royal

Highnefe,;pr by Copy of Court Roll, of any Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tene-

'ments, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cormvall, or annexed to the fame,

(hall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Contents of the said Leales or Grants,

-against: his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against his said Royal Highness, and his Heirs, and

against all and every Person and Persons who shall or may inherit or succeed to the said Duchy, according

to the said Limitation, or otherwise.

II. Provided always, That every such Lease or Grant, so made or to be made, of any Manors, Offices,

Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Possession, be, and shall be made for

three Lives, or fewer, or for thirty-one Years or under, or for some Term of Years determinable upon one,

two, or three Lives, and not above; and if such Lease or Grant be made in Reversion or Expedlancy, that

then the fame, together with the Estates in Possession, do not exceed three Lives, or the Term of thirty-one

Years, and be not in anywise difpunishable of Waste, and so as upon every such Lease or Grant there be or

shall be reserved the aiKient or most usual Relit, or more, or such Relit as hath been reserved, yielded, or

paid for such of the Premises as are or shall be contained therein for the greater Part of twenty Years next

before the making of the said Leases or Grants, and shall be reserved due and payable to such as have the

Inheritance or other Estate of the said Duchy, and where no such Relit hath been reserved or payable, that

then upon every such Lease or Grant there be or shall be reserved a reasonable Relit, not being under the

twentieth Part of the clear yearly Value of the Manors, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or

Hereditaments contained in such Lease or Grant.

III. And whereas various Applications have been made to his said Royal Highness, as well by the

4 Tenants of the said Duchy of Cornwall, as by other Persons, for Grants of certain Parts of the said

4 Duchy for such Term of Years as would enable the Lessees to erect substantial Buildings thereon, and to

4 improve the Waste Lands of the said Duchy, which it is alleged cannot be undertaken by the Lessees,

4 unless they are secured by a longer Iriterefl in the Premises than thirty-one Years, or a Term of Years

4 determinable upon three Lives \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful for his laid Royal Highness, and his said Royal Highness is hereby empowered to make Leases and

Grants, by Letters Patent or Indentures under the Great or Privy Seal of his said Royal Highness, of any

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed

to the fame, for any Term of Years not exceeding the Term of ninety-nine Years, exprelsly for the Pur-

pose of improving the same, by ere£ting substantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpose of improving

Waste Lands by Cultivation, or otherwise: ^Provided, That upon all such Leases or Grants so to be made,

improved Annual Ground Rents be reserved and made payable to his said Royal Highness, or to such as

shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Duchy; and that in all such Cafes of Leases or Grants

so to be made for Terms exceeding thirty-one Years, or exceeding the usual Term determinable upon

three Lives, no Fines or other Confederations be taken by his said Royal Highness, further or other than the

improved Annual Ground Rents hereby directed to be reserved as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, Reservations,

and Agreements contained in every such Lease or Grant, made or to be made as aforesaid, shall be good and

effectual in Law, according to the Words and Contents of the fame, as well for and against them to whom

the Reversion of the said Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

shall come, as for and against them to whom the Intereil of such Leases or Grams shall come respectively, as

if his said Royal Highness the Prince, at the Time of making such Covenants, Conditions, Reservations, and

33 Geo. III. 3 P Agreements,

Grants of the

Prince of Wales*

of Manors,& :.

in the Duchy of

Cornwall, to be

effectual in

Law, according

to 1 heir Pur-

port.

Terms upon

which such

Grants are to be

made.

The Prince may

grant Leases for

99 Years npo.n

Annual Ground

Rents, for

Building, or for

improving

Vv'afteJ.

For Gnnfs ex-

ceeding 3 t

Years, 00 Fines

:o be taken.

Agreements in

Gra* t$ to be ef-

in Law,

according to

their Concents*

