io8 C. 30. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1791.

In case of Sick-

jitfs. a Deputy

Inspect >r may be

appointed.

Corn Factors to

make the follow-

ing

there heard and adjudged ; in which Cafe it shall and maybe lawful for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen,

if they shall fee good Cause for the fame, to remove such Person from his Office ; and they shall thereupon fig-

nify such Removal to the Secretary of the Corn Exchange for the I'ime being, or to some one of the Pro-

prietors of the fame as aforesaid, who shall forthwith proceed to nominate and appoint a new Inspector in

Manner hereinbefore directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector of Corn Returns shall be disabled by

Sickness, for the Space of one Week, to execute the Duties of his Office, and the fame shall be signified to the*

Secretary of the Corn Exchange, or any one of the Proprietors thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said

Proprietors, or the major Part of them, and in case of their Neglect or Refusa 1, for the Lord Mayor of the said

City, and he or they is and are hereby required in like Manner to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Per-

son (not being a Miller, Maltster, Corn Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for

Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, or'Malt made thereof) to be Deputy, and to execute the Office of

Inspector, during the Disability of such Inspector by Sickness, and no longer; which Appointment shall in

like Manner be inrolled, and the Deputy lb appointed shall in like Manner enter into a Pond and take the

Oath, and a Certificate of his having so taken the Oath shall in like Manner be inrolled, as is herein-before

directed with regard to the Inspector of Corn Returns.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Corn Fador carrying on his Trade or Business in the

City of London, or in the Suburbs thereof, shall, within one Calendar Month after the Feast of Saint John the

Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or after that Time, within one Calendar Month from the

Time he shall begin to deal in the Sale of Corn or of Oat-meal, make Declaration in the Form following y

(that is to say,)

Declaration, J ^ B. do hereby declare, That the Returns of the Quantities and Prices of British Corn and Oat-meal*

a which henceforward shall be by or for me fold and delivered, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Be-

“ lief, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Corn and Oat-meal bona fide fold and delivered by

4C or for me, within the Period to which they shall refer, with the Prices of such Corn and Oat-meal, and

gi the Names of the Buyers respectively, and, to the best of my Judgement, conformable to the Directions

tc of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet

u forth the Title of the

cn Penalty of

50 1.

Tattors to make

weekly Returns

to the Inspector

of the Quantities

of Corn, &c.

&ld, &c. on

Penalty 0/ 10I.

which Return*

are to be enttred

ky the Inspector,

h«t not fhcwo

without proper

Authorry, on

like Penalty,

Inspector to

make up weekly

Accounts of the

Average Quan-

tity and Price of

each Sort of

Brit irti Corn, &c,

fold in London,

and to transmit

the Average

Prices every

Friday to the

Receiver of

Corn Returns,

who is to trans-

n»it a Certificate

thereof to the

Collectors of the

Customs at Lon-

d hi, and the

Purtb in Etiox,

Kent, and SuU

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and (hill be subscribed with the Hand of such Corn Fador, and shall

be by him or his Agent forthwith delivered to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, for the Time being*

who is hereby required to grant a Certificate thereof to be registered by the Inspector of Corn Returns ; and

in case any Person shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Corn Fador, without making the said De-

claration agreeably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Corn Factor shall, and he is hereby required to

return, or cause to be returned, on the JVcdnefday in each and every Week, to the said Inspector of Corn

Returns, an Account in Writing, signed with his own Name, or the Name of his known Agent, of the

Quantities of each respective Sort of Corn and Oat-meal so by him fold and delivered during the Week*

with the Prices thereof according to the respective Measures in 'Fable D, the Amount of every Parcel, with

the total Quantity and Value of each Sort of Com, and of the Oat-meal, and by what Measure or Weight

the fame was fold, with the Names of the Buyers thereof; in Default whereof, every such Corn Factor (halx*,

for every such Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall duly and regularly enter in

a Book or Books, to be provided and kept for th it Purpose, the several Accounts of the Quantities and Prices

of Corn and Oat-meul received by him from the respective Corn Factors* and the fame shall not be made

jutblick, or shewn by the said Inspector, or with his Privity or Content, to any Person whatsoever, unlets

the fame shall be called for or required by the Receiver of Corn Returns appointed in pursuance of this Act*

or shall be required by any Order in Writing under the Hand of the Lord Mayor, or any two of the Alder-

men of the said City, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required*

every Week, to makeup, compute, and distinguisii, from the Returns by him received pursuant to the DU

redions of this Act, in that Week, the general aggregate Quantity, according to the respective Measures in

Table D, and Price of each respective Sort of British Corn and Oat-meal that shall appear to have been fold

and delivered in and during such Week, in the City of London and Suburbs thereof; an Account of which

Returns, and the said general aggregate Quantities and Prices, he is hereby requited to enter in a Book or

Books to be kept for that Purpose, and thereupon to make up and compute the average Prices of each re-

spective Sort of Com and of Oat-meal fold and delivered during such Week ; and he is hereby directed, oil

the Frulayxn every Week, to transmit a Copy of the Account of the said average Prices to the Receiver of

Corn Returns herein-after directed to be appointed, who is hereby required to enter the fame in a Book or

Books to be kept for that Purpose, and forthwith to transmit a Certificate of such average Prices of each re-

~ ~ ......... ~ ~ ............................~ “ ' Cuf-

within

by required to receive and enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy*

thereof to be hung up in some public Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may

resort 3 and the Exportation of each Sort of British Corn, and of the other Articles herein-before mentioned*

and

