A.D. 1794. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions

of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall,

if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who /hall oppose hrs or her Dif-

charge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who abls as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison,

at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the follow-

ing Effect (that is to say,)

M J A', B. dofwear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prisonof

to the beflof my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the twelfth Day of February one

u thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of his [or

u her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and pro-

w duced to this Court, isorareatrue Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or Commit-

“ ment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge

w and Belief.

w So help me GOD.”

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison,on

the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or since, shall not happen to

be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison at the Time any. such

Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Session,.orat any Adjourn-

ment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons who

shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and deliver in any such

Lift as aforesaid at any such General.or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, on Oath, touching;

the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison,.to the Effeblfollowing; (that is to say,)

f

M

u

u

u

t A. B, do swear, That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com^

mitment of Prisoners to the Prison of in the TCounty, Riding, Division, City, Town,

Place, or Liberty of as the Cafe foall be\ and thatl do verily believe that the said Commit-

ments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose ; and

by them it doth appear that was, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-four, really and trully a Prisoner in the ablual Custody of

the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by

me* or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge and Belief.

u So help me GOD.”

XXVI. c’And, in order to difrover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Debtors in any Gaol

* Booksbe itfurtherenabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session

of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized,at the Request of.any Creditor or Creditors-

of any Debtor, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by rhem,any Person or Persons

who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, of deputed Gaoler or Keeper,of any Gaol or Prison within their respectiveju-

rifdiblions, on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four,orat anyTimefince;

and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment'

and Continuance in Custody of any such Debtor, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or

Adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any Sheriff*, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

shall neglect or refuse to bring before such Justices at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any

such Prisoner as shall be directed atxl required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to

attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he shall on Conviblion fuller six Months Imprisonment; or if'

any Gaoler or Keeper attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall be re--

fonably required at such General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, he, (he, or they so offending-

in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be re-

covered by. and in the Name and for the Ule of the Party injured, by Action of Debt to be brought in*

his or her Name, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IFeJifnlnfler^ together with Treble Coils-

of Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any

Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some Gene-

ral Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdic-

tiens, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session

or General Session, or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge ; or {hall neglect, refuse,

©rdefignedly omit to insert in any such Lift, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was

or were ablually in Custody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison, on the said twelfth Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deiiver such Lifts as

aforesaid ; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any

of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such Pri-

foner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid, or if the Printer of The London Gazette, or other News-

paper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given,

of reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Priion or Pri-

fons*

571

Court, at Re-

qneft of Cre-

ditor?, toaimi*

nifler to Gaoler*

the following

Oath.

If the Garler

delivering in

Lists was rot

Gaoler on Feb.

II, 1794, he

ftiali ta’<e the

following

Oath.

Court, at Re±

quest of Cre-

ditors, mav exa-

mine Gao'er* on-

Oath Touching

Commitments.

Penalty on She-*

rrfFs, &c. difo-

beying Oidets of

Court, ire.

Penalty on

Gaolers, and

Printer of the

Grzette, for not

complyii g with

the Reguiaiioot

of lb* Ad,

c.

