138

c. 38.

Anno tricesimo, primo Georgii III. A.D. 179r#

to be e<p rted,

to be forfeited,

uith the Vefi'tl,

&c.'

ported except by British) Subjects and in BritiJ})-built Ships, owned by his Majesty’s Subje£ts, and navi-

gated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture above mentioned.

Any such Ar- III. And be it further enacted, That in case the Laid Articles, or any of them, which shall have beerr

tides so import- imported from any Colony or Plantation on the Continent of South America, belonging to any foreign

, if attempted European Sovereign or State, into any of the said Iflanas in the West Indies under the Dominion of his Ma-

iViall after such Importation be exported, or shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel,

or shall be put on board any I5c>-t or other Veiled, or {hall be brought to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place

whatever, with Intention to be shipped on board any Ship or Veil'd for Exportation, then, not only the

said Articles, but also the Lid Veiicl or Boat on board of which the fame shall be shipped or laden, or in-

tended to be shipped or laden, shall be forfeited and loll, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Tackle, and Apparel.

Befireany nfthe IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before any Articles which may be

ifccined Amides legally exported from the said Islands in the IPe/l Li dies under the Dominion of his Majesty, and which are

aie n.ipped for cf t]le Defcrip.tien or Denomination of any of the Articles herein-before particularly enumerated and de-

Ixp.)nation, fcrjbed, whether in their unmanufaciared or manufactured State, shall be shipped for Exportation from any

a!n 10 'e ma e of the Lid islands, the Expoittr or Exporters thereof shall make Oath before the Collector of his Majesty’s

Customs for the IflanJ from which such Articles are to be exported, (who is hereby authorised and irn-

powered to adminifttr the fame,) that such Articles, or any Part of them, have not been so imported as

aforesaid, into the saidlfland, under such Authority as aforesaid, from any Colony or Plantation on the Con-

tinent of South America, under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall be

convicted.of taking a false Oath touching any of the Facts directed or required by this Act to be testified

on Oath, such Person or Persons, so convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be

liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall and

may be prosecuted in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Judica-

ture in the West Indies.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities^

and ail Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, shall and may be seized by the Commander or Commanders of

any of his Majesty’s Ships or Velicls of War, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty Officer specially

authorised by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs 3 and that every For-

feiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and.may respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered

th*tihey have

not been so im-

ported.

Petfons taking

fulfe Oath?,

guilty of Per-

jury.

By whom Goods

and Vessels for-

feited may be

seized;

and how Penal-

ties may be re-

covered and ap-

plied.

or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty’s Islands in the

West Indies respectively, as the Cafe may happen to be.

c VII. And whereas by two Acts now in force, the one passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present

ayGeo. 3. c. 27. < Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation cf certain Goods, Wares,

4 and Merchandize, in the Pots of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lueea in the

4 Bland of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island cf Grenada, in the Port of Roleau in the

Island of Dominica, and in the Port tf/'Nassau in the ljland of New Providence, one of the Bahama I ft ends y

and 3oCeo. 3.

c. 29. recited

4 under certain Regulations and Rfridlions ; and the other, passed in the thirtieth Year of his p relent Mn-

4 jesty’s Reign, intituled, An All for amending an An, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign cf his

cd, “ An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation cf certain Goods, Wares

^ and Merchandize, in the Ports <2/* Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the

4 present Majesty, intitule.

44 and Merchandize, in

44 Island cf Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George //; the Ijlainl of Grenada

Duringthe Con-

tinuance <>f two

recited Aot‘> the

Articles hertin

enumerated may

be imported

from any Part

of America,

belonging to any

furcigo Euro-

^ the Port of Roseau in the

Island of Dominica, and in the Port cf Nallau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama

44 Islands, under certain Regulations and Reftr tedious ft and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of

4 Goods and Commodities the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec ;

4 it is enabled, That Wool, Cotton-wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood*

4 Fuftic, and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers Lie, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver, and all Sorts of

4 Furs, Tortoise Shell, Hardwood or Mill 'Timber, Mahogany, and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware

4 Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plant-

4 ations in America,

4 and all Cc

4 Ionics or

4 Lucca in

4 in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Najjiu in the Eland of New Providence^ one of the Ba/oa.

4 Islands, in any foreign Sloop, Schoo.i«T, or other VdLl whatever,

4 being owned and

4 LLge, or Custom,

4 biting any Country on the Continent of America, belonging to,

4 European Soverug \ or State, should be permitted to import

it therefore enacted, 'That, during the Coiitinuar.ee of the two j/.u--mentioned i>ets, wool, Cotton-wool

Indigo, Cochineal, and Drugs or all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Tullic; and all b«*risof 'vooil for Dyers

Use, Hides, Skins, and Fallow, Beaver, and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise-(hell, I lard wood, or Mill Tim-

ber, Mahogany, and all other YVooJs for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Abes, Mules, and Cattle, bein'* the

Growth or Production of any Country belonging to, or under the Dominion of, any foreign Europe.,-^

vereign or State on the Continent of America, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds and preciou* Slo W

'eign oloop, Schoo.i« r, or other VclLl whatever, not having more than one Deck and

1 navigated by tins Subjects of any foreign European Sovereign or State; any Law

i, to the contrary notwithstanding : And vviureas it is reafomble that all Persons inha-

‘tig to, or und.er tb.e Dominion of, any foreign

)it into the Lid Ports the fai.l Articles;’ he

•VO Li I* - mentioned AH s, Wool, Cotton-wool

n:.y

