23 2

When Draw-

b ck shall te<*fe

ur»<kr the Pro-

visions of thi*

Afty the Cum-

in iflionfrs of the

Curt rns not to

grant any Li-

cence by virtue

of the recited

A3s until the

rew Average

Prices shall be

puohrt.eJ in k\ e

Gazette, dec.

Sugar and Cof-

fee, not of the

H i ith Planta-

tiens, may be

in'p »rted in Bri-

tifl) built Ships

into the l orrs of

London. Arc. on

the Condition

herein .pcified,

Without *Jay-

xr.eut of Duty j

and may be

exported dire^ly

from Ware-

house?, Duty-

t'n-;

but if taken out

it r Home Con-

sump’ion the

Duty must be

first paid.

Sugar and Cof-

fee, the Produce

rf any Foreign

Country, may be

imported into

the Bahama

Illinds and Ber-

muda, in Foreign

Ship*, ful jest to

the ReguU tool

of 17 Cieo. 3.

c. 27 ; and 30

Geo. 3. Ci 29.

Sugar or Ci ffee

imp ’r  trom

the Bahama

Islands or Ber-

muda, to be

deemed nor of

the British Plan*

taciobt.

How Penal:iea

may be surd fer,

and disposed of.

C. 43. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

4 the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Colonies, or any of them, and to carry the lame from

4 thence in any such Ships or Vdlels to any Foreign Parts of Europe, subject nevertheless to all such Rules,

4 Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in and by the

4 said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of hi* Majtily King George the Second, for that Purpose particu-

4 larly appointed and enabled Be it enacted, That vvhenever the Drawback shall have ceased to be allowed

or paid as herein-before provided, it shall net be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs at London or

Edinburgh respectively to make out or grant any such Licence by virtue of the said Acts, until new Average

Prices shall be made up and computed upon the iix last Weekly Returns, and publdhed in the London Gazette

in Manner herein diiected ; and that wot never it shall appear by the London Gazette to the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, that the lait Average Weekly Price shall have

exceeded the Sum at which, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Drawback or Bounty on the Exporta-

tien of Sugar would ccaie at the Periods herein-before mentioned, it shall not in any Cafe be lawful for the

laid Commissioners reflectively to grant any such Licence, at any Time during the Course of the Week

next enluing ; and that if any such Licence as aforesaid, made out or granted by virtue of the said Acts,

lhal! not be delivered lor the Pur poles directed in the said Acts to the Collector of the Port in some of his

Majesty’s Colonies at which such Ship is to take in her Lading, within sixty Days from the Date of such

Licence, the lame shall be void and of no Filed; and it shall not be lawful by virtue thereof for the Collector,

Comptroller, or Naval Officer of such Port, to indorse any Certificate on such Licence, or for any Person or

Persons to ship and load any Sugar, 3nd carry the tame to any foreign Part in Europe, any Thing in the said

Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,!'hat Sugar and Coffee, not of the British Plan-

tations, when imported into Great Britain in British-built Ships, owned, registered, and navigated, according

to Law, from any Country or Place not in Europe, shall and may, upon the importation thereof into the Ports

of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lanca/ier, Glasgow, and Leith, or any or either of them, upon being duly en-

tered, be forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be so imported, in the

Prel’ence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port in which the fame shall be so imported,

without Payment of iany Duty whatever, provided that an exact Account be taken of the Weight thereof, and

entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the proper Officer of the Customs atthe said Port, and that

the fame shall upon landing be immediately lodged and secured, under the joint Locks of his Majesty

and the Importer or Proprietor thereof, in such Warehouses as shall be fit for that Purpose, to be provided at

the foie Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Sugar or Coffee, with the Approbation and under the

Care and Inspection of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or the Col-

lector and Comptroller at the Port where such Sugar or Coffee shall be imported; and such Sugar and Coffee

may be again exported directly from such Warehouses without Payment of any Duty whatever, provided

such Sugar and Coffee be duly entered for Exportation; and regularly shipped and exported according to the

Laws in force at the Lime of exporting such Sugar or Coffee; but if such Sugar or Coffee shall be intended

to be taken out of such Warehouses to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, the Importer or Proprietor shall

first pay to the proper Officer of the Customs and Excise respectively, such Duties of Customs and Excise as

shall be then payable by Law on the Importation into Great Britain of such Sugar and Coffee.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to im-

port intd the Port of Nassau, in the Bland of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and into such

other Port or Ports in the said Bahama Inlands, or the Island of Bermuda, as shall be approved by his

Majesty in Council, Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any foreign Country or Plantation, in such

foreign Ships, and subject to such Regulations, as are prescribed in an Act passed in the twemy-seventh

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, sin Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of cer*

tain Goods, wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports rf Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa

Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica ; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island 0/'Grenada ; in the Port of

Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port ^Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the

Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and ReftrilJiom, with respect to the Ports therein mentioned ; and

another Act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An All for amending an Act,

pfljed in the twenty-sevent b Pear rf the Reign of his preflnt Mayfly, intituled, 44 An Act for allowing the l*flm

4i portation and Exportation cf certain Goods, IVares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of fCingfton, Savannah la

44 Alar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island cf Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island

44 of Grenada ; in the Port.of Roseau, in the Island cf Dominica; and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of

44 New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions ; and for regulating

44 the Duties on the Importation cf Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries border-

“ ing on the Province of Quebec.”

XIIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Importation of Sugar or Coffee

into Great Britain, or into any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions from the said Port of Nassau, in the

Island of New Providence, or such other Port or Ports in the Bahama Islands, or island of Bermuda, as shall

be approved by his Majesty in Council, such Sugar and Coffee shall respectively be deemed to be not of the

British Plantations, and shall be liable to, and shall pay Duties of Customs and Excise as such, and be subject

to the Regulations of this Act, and of each and every other Act and Acts of Parliament in force at the

Time of the .Importation of such Sugar or Coffee, so far as they relate to Sugar or Coffee not of the British

Plantations.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed

and incurred i>y this Act, shall and may be feed for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and be dif-

posed

^

