A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-second Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 32 GeergiHlI*

AN Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of

/\ Parliament made to regulate the Trials of contro-

^ verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve

in Parliament.

n Act to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses

ntaining less than seven Windows, or Lights, granted

an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty.

3. An Act for repealing the Duties on Female Servants.

4. An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains,

Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the

twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his. Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

6. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by

an Act made in the thirty-full Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An At7 for granting to his Ma-

jcfly additional Duties upon Malt.

7. An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all

Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles.)

8. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in

the Revenue of Excise by Common Brewers.

5. An Act for repealing certain Regulations with respect to

Certificates on exporting "Lea to Ireland or America.

10. An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants if-

sued for the apprehending and committing Persons con-

vidted of Offences against the Excise Laws.

£i. An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales

32 Geo. III.

have been held under the Notices now required to be given

by Law.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of four

hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by

them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the

Reduction of the National Debt.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the

Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and

Duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an An-

nuity on her Royal Highness during the Time of her na-

tural Life, to commence from the Decease of his said

Royal Highness, in case her said Royal Highness shall fur-

vive him.

14. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regu-

lating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Do-

minions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging

to the United States of America, so far as the fame relate

to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this

Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging

to the said United States.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service-of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-two.

16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year ono thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-two.

17. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

18. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the

Service of the Year one thousand fever; hundred and

ninety-two.

4 19. An

\

