The TITLES of

morts and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship

of Frodsham, and the Township of Hcljly, in the Parish of

Frodsham, in the County of Chester.

94. An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle.

95. A*n Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean

and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison Efciuire.

96. An Act to enable Sarah Heaton Widow, Mother and

Guardian of John Heaton a Minor, to grant Building

Leases, during his Minority, of Ground in the Parish of

Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex•

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of

Spceton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of

the County of York.

98. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Pailures, and Wastes, within the Town-

ship of SouthhuMy in the Parish of Kirkburn, in the East

Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or

Common called Thirsk Weft Moor, and Calton and Sand-

button Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North

Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor

or Coipmoh Land, being Part of Baghy High Moor, ly-

the STATUTES.

ing within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby> and

Balky in the said Riding.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

# Commonable and Wade Lands and Grounds, in the Pa-

rish of Slawftony in the County of Leicester.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called Thornbo-

rough Moory within the Parish of TVeJi Tanjieldy in the

North Riding of the County of York.

102. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Unin-

closed Helds, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands,

Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Skldby, in

the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of

York. t

10v An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Town-

ships of Hollym and Withernjeay in the Parish of Hollymy

in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making

a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of

the Tythesof the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Town-

ships.

104. An Act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augujhts Treijer.

^

