A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 6r.

Spirits from Com, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any

Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except

such Counties and DistriCts of the Highlands as are herein*after particularly specified, described, and enu-

merated, and for which Counties and DistriCts other Provisions are herein-after made, there shall be charged

the annual Sum of nine Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend) which shall be ilfed or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland for the making

or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from MclalTts or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the annual Sum

of fifteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as

high as the Steam can afeend) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland^ for

the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash

prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melaftes and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, the annual Sum

of eighteen Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the rectifying,

compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, the annual Sum of nine Pounds.

II. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatever shall, by

him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatever employed by him, her, or them, or for

his, her, or their Use or Benefit, ereCf, set up, use, employ, or work, any Still or Stills for the distilling,

making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, or any Kind of British Materials

aforesaid, in such Parts of Scotland respectively as are herein mentioned, or for the distilling, making, or ma-

nufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar or Melaftes, or any Foreign refused Wine, or other Fo-

reign Materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits in any Part of Scot-

land aforesaid, without first taking out a Licence or Licences for that Purpose, in the Manner mentioned and

directed in and by an ACt made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for discontimiinfor a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low tVihes

and Spirits, and upon IVorts, Jrash, and other Liquors there used in the D/Jlillation of Spirits, and for granting

to Lis Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-?nade Spirits

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act ?nade

in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to di[continue Jor a limited Time, the Payment of

44 the Duties upon Low IVines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due

44 Payment of other Duties in lieu therctf; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British

44 Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits im-

44 ported from the West Indies;” and which Licences shall severally be granted by the respective Persons,

and in the Manner directed by the said ACt; and the Persons to whom the fame shall be respectively granted

{hall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, RcftriCtions and Provisions, Forfeitures and Penal-

ties contained and provided in and by the said ACt, relative to Licences therein mentioned, except where the

fame shall be expressly altered by this ACt.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained and provided in and by the

said ACt of the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, relative to Licences therein mentioned, and for

raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing, the Rates

or Duties imposed by the said last-mentioned ACt, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds

relating thereto, except where the fame shall be expressly altered by this ACt, shall be and continue in full

Force, and shall be extended and be duly oblbrvcd, practised, applied, and put in Execution, in and for

the granting Licences under this Act, to all and every Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, ReCtifier

or ReCtifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, and in and for the managing, raising, levying, col-

lecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said Rates

and Duties, and for recovering the Penalties by this ACt granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing

Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Powers,

Authorities, Methods, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters,

and Things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this ACt.

IV. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon or previous to the granting of any

such Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the fame shall, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to such

Licence, pay down in Advance, in ready Money, to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the

fame, One-fourth of the annual Duty by this ACt imposed, for or in respect of his, her, or their Still or Stills

specified in such Licence, from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, to the

tenth Day of October following; and shall, on or before the said tenth Day of Oftobci\ and so afterwards at oc

3 F 2 before

401

in-after speci-

fied), where

British Materials

are used, 9 I.

annually:

For each Gal-

lon, where M>

laffes or Sugar

are used, 15 I. ;

and

where other Fo-

reign Materials

are used, 18 1.

For each Gallon

of ie£\iiying

Stills, 9).

No Person to

£reft or work, a

S ill, without

t»Ling out a

Licence accord-

ing to

*8 Geo. nr.

Cap. 46.

Power! of 2$

Geo. ill. Cap.

46. to extend 10

this Act,

Dufjr to be raid

in Adrance by

Instalmentf,

