m

i

i

mr

\

\

■Hurryrr

i'!

I i f:

; i

• i

; I

4

556

Farm of Con-

on bj lh«

fculeri.

Apprentioe* to

serve, in Ad<1i -

tien to the fe*en

Vein for which

they are bound,

the Space of

Time they shall

Ve respe$.reljr

imprifooed*

Mayor, Aider-

men, Ac* may

• Jmioifl-r

Oaths, he,

How Mayor,

Aldermen, Ac

to proved for

Conviction of

Offenders.

Form of Con*

viftiun by the

Justices.

Application of

Penalties and

Forfciuircy,

C. 65. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

with pay the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the aforesaid

Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respediively, within whose Jurisdiction the said Offence or Miibe-

haviour shall have been committed, upon Production to him or them respectively of such Conviction, drawn

up in W riting in the form and Manner hereinafter set forth, or to that Effect, to ifiiie his or their Warrant

or Warrants for apprehending such Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow, and to cause

him, her, or them to be brought before the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, or any

of them ; and upon being so brought, if the Party lo convicted shall not forthwith pay the Penalty or Forfeit-

ure so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices

respedVively, to commit such Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or such Widow so convidied,tofome

Prison within the said City, Counties, and Places respectively, thereto remain for any Space of Time not ex-

ceeding one Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

I 44 JjL k remembered. That on this Day of in the

to wit. c 4< Year of his Majesty’s Reign, A. B. is convicted before us, two

44 of the Rulers of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, or Lightermen, for

44 (here fit forth the Offence) and we do adjudge him

44 to pay and forfeit for the fame the Sum of

44 Given under our Handsand Seals the Day and Year aforesaid.”

X. Provided always nevertheless, That the Jurisdiction or Authority so hereby given to the said Qverfcrn

or Rulers shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the Conviction of any Offender who shall not be 2

Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or the Apprentice or Servant of a Waterman, Wherryman, ot

Lighterman, or duly authorized by Law to act as such ; nor to any Cnle in which the Person sustaining Da-

mage, Injury, or ill Treatment by such Offence or Misbehvaiour, or the Person complaining thereof as afqrc-

said, shall not be a Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, or the Apprentice or Servant of a Waterman,

Wherryman, or Lighterman, or foduly authorized as last-mentioned.

XL 4 And whereas Apprentices to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, or to the Widows of Wa-

4 termen, Wherrymen, or Lightermen, may probably be sometimes respectively imprisoned in cor.fcquenceof

4 Offences tgainst this A&, or against fomc of the Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, orConftitutions aforesaid,

4 and during such Imprisonment their Masters or Miftrcfles respectively will be deprived of the Benefit of their

4 Services, and such Apprentices so imprisoned will be prevented from improving in their Business ;* be it there-

fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Apprentice, who shall be imprisoned for

any Offence against this A&, or against any of the Laws, Statutes, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions made

and to be made as aforesaid, shall serve as an Apprentice to his then Master or ALftrefs, his or her Execu-

tors, Administrators, or Assigns, not only till the Expiration of the Term for which such Apprentice ought

to serve according to the Laws and Customs already exi(ling, and any Agreement which may have been made

in that Behalf, but also forand during such further Space of Time, to be computed from the End of the said

Term, as shall be equal in Extent or Duration to the Time during which such Apprentice shall have been so

imprisoned as aforesaid; and that no such Apprentice shall be considered as having served a legal Appren-

ticeship, or entitled to the Privileges and Benefits of serving an Apprenticeship, unlefsand until he shall hare

actually and bona fide served such further Space of Time, according to the true Intent and Meaning of these

Presents ; any Agreement concerning such Apprenticeship, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary

not with (landing.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in every Cafe in which any Oath is by

this A&directed to be made or taken, the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Justices respectively, be-

fore whom such Oath is hereby directed to be made or taken, shall have full Power to administer and take the

fame, or, instead thereof, a solemn Affirmation by any of the People called Quakers, as the Cafe may require;

and that the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, before whom any Person shall be con-

victed in Manner prescribed by this A&, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form

or to the Effect following ; (that is to say,}

5 W lt ^embered, That on this .Day of in the

to wit. 144 Year of his Majesty’s Reign, A. B. isconvided before me one of

44 his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City, County, or Place (as the Cafe Jbail

144 happen to be), for (herefet forth the Offence)

44 and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the lame the Sum of

44 being the Penalty by him forfeited ; and also the Sum of for L06

44 of T ime and Costs Of awarded, as the Cafe Jbail happen to be). Given under my Hand and

M Seal, or our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year aforesaid.”

XTII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures which

shall be levied or recovered and received, in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid to the Rulers

and Overseers of the said Company, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, within one Calendar

Month after the fame shall be levied, and shall be by them paid and distributed to the poor aged and decayed

Freemen of the said Company, and their Widows; saving only, that it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Re-

corder, Aldermen, or Justices respectively, before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, out

of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, to reward any Person or Persons who shall inform of any Offence os

7 Offences

