68

3® Geo.

«• 37*

C. i, 2. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III, A.D. 1790,

and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective Makers and Distillersof such Wort, WaQi*

Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such rimes, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties

and Forfeitures, as the said Duties by the said ASt impoied, and hereby continued, were severally and respec-

tively payable by Law under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the

passing or this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an A& made in the thirtieth Year of the

the

Dishllation of Spirits, and f or granting to his Mayfly other Duties in lieu thereof \ and'for better regulating the

4 Exportation of Rritish-made Spirits from England to Scotland >anA from Scotland to England; and to continue,

4 for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-six ih Year of the Reign of h i i present Majesty, 44 to discontinue,

4v for a limited Tun:, the Pay mint of the Duties upon Loiu IVines and Spirits for Home Consumptim ; and for

44 granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better Regulation of the

44 making and rending British Spirits ; and for dfcontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impojts and Duties

44 upon Rum and Spirits imported from the Well-Indies and for emending the said Act, made in the twenty-

ninth Year of his present Majesty s Reign \ and such Parts of the said Acts of the twenty-sixth, twenty-

eighth, and twenty-ninth Years aforesaid, as were continued by the said Act of the thirtieth Year aforesaid*

until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-one, shall, from and imme-

diately after the said fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, continue in full Force and

Effect until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-three.

and such Parti

of 26 Geo. 3.

c.73.18 Geo. 3.

c. 46. and 29

Geo. 3.C. 45. at

were continued

bjr that Act to

July 5, 1791, further continued till July 5, 1793.

! Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer, and kept

frparate from

other Monies.

Duties paid into

the Excheqoer

on or before

April 179*

to be carried to

the Consolidated

F«*nd, and after-

wards the Duties

to be applied in

Payment of

800,000 1. to be

raised by Exche-

quer Bills*

Uron Payment

of the said

Sco.oco 1. and

Interest, the

Duties hereby

grafted to cease.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and

Duties (the neccflhry Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be

Said into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dillinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publidc

Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exche-

quer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said

Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty*

his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever j and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt*

shall be fubjciSt and liable to the Ufcsand Purposes herein after mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said

several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt* at any Time or Times on

or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to, and made Part

of, the Fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that, from and after the fiid fifth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-two, all the Monies arising, or to arise, by the said Rates and Duties, and paid into

the said Receipt, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together

with such other Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Actor Acte of this present Session of Parliament*

for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of eight hundred thousand

Pounds, Part of the Sum of one Million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Scflxon of Parliament, together with such Interest as

shall by the said Act be directed to be paid, or made payable, for the said principal Sum of eight hundred

thousand Pounds ; and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said

principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no

other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said principal Sum

of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of

Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy

and discharge the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and

Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Rates

and Duties hereby impoied,'(hall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable

and all the Rules and Regulations of this Act,respecting the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed,

shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the Recovery of any Arrears of the said Rates or

Duties, which may at that Time have accrued or grown due * or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which,

may have been then incut red.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

Preamble.

From Jan. 5,

1791, cbe/oi*

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

siiembled, being desirous by the most easy and eftlclual Ways and Means to raile the necessary

4 Supplies for defraying your Majesty’s publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the several Duties herein-after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your

4 Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thou-

5 (and

