90

Preamble.

26 Geo. 3. c 50,

recited.

From June 14,

1791, the Li-

berty grai.ted to

import Sell

Skins, to extend

to such as {lull

bs cured w’rh

foreign Salt

laden from the

Cape de Verd

Islands, &c.

upon conform-

ing to the Regu-

lations herein

prescribed.

Continuance of

this Act.

Preamble.

*7 Geo. 3, c. 13,

recited.

C. 26, 27. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with foreign Salt free of Duty, for

a limited Time.

WHEREAS, by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, Skins of Seals

4 taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of such Ships or Vessels as in the said Act are

4 mentioned, are allowed upon Importation to be admitted to Entry, and landed without Payment of any

4 Custom or Duty whatsoever: And it being expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Skins of

4 Seals cured with foreign Salt laden on board at Sea for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the

fourteenth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the Liberty granted by the said Act to

import Skins of Seals taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built

in Great Britain, Ireland, or.the Islands of Gncrrfey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty’s

Subjects usually residing therein respectively, and navigated in the Manner in the said Act directed, shall ex-

tend, and be construed to extend, to all such Skins of Seals so taken and caught, as shall be cured or pre-

served with foreign Salt, laden on board such Ships or Vessels at Sea from the Cape de Verd Islands, or other

Islands or Places adjacent, and which shall not be imported with more Salt or Brine than shall be necessary

for the Preservation thereof, and any Quantity of foreign Salt not made in any Part of Great Britain

or Ireland, which shall be necessary for curing or preserving the Skins of Seals so caught and taken,

shall be allowed to be taken and laden on board such Ships or Vessels at Sea, from the said Islands

and Places respectively, for the Purposes of this Act; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Liberty of importing any such Seal Skins Duty-free,

unless the Captain or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel importing the fame,

shall make Oath, before the Collector or other principal Officer of the Duties on Salt at the Port of Im-

portation, who is hereby authorised to administer such Oath, that all the Skins of Seals to be imported were

taken and caught under the Restrictions and Regulations contained in the said Act for the Encouragment of

the Southern Whale Fithery, and that all the Salt used in the curing or preserving the Skins of Seals so

imported, was taken and laden on board such Ship or Vessel at Sea from some of the Cape de Verd Islands,

or from some Island or Place adjacent thereto for that Purpose, and that to the bed of his Belief such Salt

was foreign Salt, and not made in, or exported from, Great Britain or Ireland, and that no Drawback or

Allowance, or Debenture for the fame, hath been obtained or required; and such Skins of Seals shall also

be duly entered at the Custom-house of the said Port, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or

Officers of the Customs, and of the Duties on Salt to be appointed for that Purpose; and that all the Salt

which shall fall off and not adhere to such Skins of Seals, and all the Brine or other Liquor wherein the

fame shall be cured or preserved, which shall not be necessary for the immediate Preservation thereof, shall

be taken from the said Skins of Seals, and shall, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, be cast and

thrown away or otherwise destroyed \ and on Failure of any of these Conditions, such Skins of Seals,

cured or preserved with foreign Salt as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay the fame Duties as they would

have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any thing in this Act, or any former Act or

Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force from the fourteenth Day of June

ouc thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins,

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof 3 and also certain Duties of Customs on

tanned Goat Skins imported.

C \X/^ERE A S, by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, an Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting

4 other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the

4 Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation oj certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce

4 or Mamfailure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying cer-

4 tain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reluftian

4 of the National Debt, certain Duties of Fxcifeare imposed for Goat Skins tanned with Shomack or other-

4 wife, in Great Britain, to referable Spanijl) Leather, and for Sheep Skins tanned for Roans (being

4 after the Nature of Spanifl) Leather) in Great Britain: Wc, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Sub-

4 jests, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said

4 Duties and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof 3 and to grant the additional Duty of Customs herein-

3 4 after

