A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 15—22 305

CAP. XV.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and

Ground contiguous to the Bank of England.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the eighteenth Year of the Reign

his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of

Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey,

and to the South-east Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of 'Yurgifs, in the said County ^/'Southamp-

ton^

CAP. XVII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.—[30th April 1793.J—£• 2,000,000.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.—[30th April 1793.]—Z% 2>oooo,oooo.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-firth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-three ; and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Mi-

litia. [30th April 1793.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for effectually carrying into Ex«:ution an Act of Parliament of the thirtieth Year of his present

Majesty, for ?naking and maintaining a Navigable Cormnunication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the

County of Suffolk.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Mayichester, to'or nearAfhton

Under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township

of Droylfden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris,

leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of The Three Boars

Heads*, and from or nearly from a Place called Taylor*s Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton,

at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under

Lyne; and also from the intended AqueduS Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish

of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the Township of Old~

ham aforesaid.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be

issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them

placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[30th April 1793*] 4

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

* WE y0Ur Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled. having granted to your Majesty, the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued

4 and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of

4 the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that

4 it may be enaSed and be it enaScd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aff'embled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, cut of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year, there

shall be issued and paid at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on or before the first Day of November

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds to the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England, and shall by them be placed to the Account of the Commissioners

appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, for applying certain Sums of Money

annually to the ReduSion of the National Debt; and that all such Monies shall be applied by the said Com-

missioners towards the ReduSion of the National Debt in the Manner herein-after direScd, and to no other

Intent or Purpose, and in no other Manner whatever.

Rr 2 II. And

ICO,coo 1. to bt

issued at the Ex-

chequer, by

Nov. i, 1793,

to the Dank,to

be placed to the

Account of the

Commissionera

appointed by 16

Geo, 111, Cap.

3X*

