The TITLES of the STATUTES.

141. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of an Act, paiLd w the twelfth Year of tnc

Reign of lus present Majesty. for repairin'F and widening

f neral Roads from Aldermaitoil in the County of Berks, to

Basingstoke, and from Aldcimafton (for ejaid to the Turn-

pike Road from Balingstoke to Andover, at or mar Wott-

ing, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester, at

Popham Lane in the County of Southampton.

142. An Act to contiilue the Term, and to reduce into one

Act the Powers, of four several Acts, passed in tire fifth

Yc. r of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Pis it, and in the ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing the Road from Beacon field in the County of Buck-

ingham, to Stokenchurch in the County of Oxford.

143. An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road

leading from Lyre Bridge, through Long town to the Scotch

Dyke, and from Longtoivn to the Bridge over the River of

Sark in the County of Cumberland.

PRIVATE AC

Anno 34 Georgii III.

T S,

I. AN Act for naturalizing Martin Walt her Pefent.

/V 2. An Act for naturalizing Angujlus William Bo*

decker*

3. An Act for inclosing and otherwise improving certain

Lands *and Grounds within the Lordship and 1 ownttiip

of IFarter in the East Riding of the County of York,

4. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Huldnau and Udlham

Rudolf*

5. An Act for naturalizing Elias Heintz.

6. An Act for naturalizing George Ben join.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waite

Grounds within the Parish of Shelton in the County of

Bedford.

S. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole

Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and

Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Dunham in

the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors,

Commons, and Waste Lands lying and being within the

Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Biddijham, and IF car in the

County of Somerset.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands in the

Manor and Parish of Shilton in the County of Berks.

II. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and 1

Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Gay-

ten-lc~Moors, within the parish of F/hally, in the Hundred j

of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

\\I00rs, Commons, anti Waste Lands lying and being in

the Parishes of Baton and North Il'otton in the County of

Somerjtt. ,

13. An Act for dividing and incluhng the Open Common I

Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste

Lands within the Mauors of Prejhn and Sutton Pointz

in the County of Dorft; and for extinguishing all Right

of Common upon certain intlofed Lands within the said

Manors.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

34 G £0. Ill*

' wifhm the Parish of Little Compton in the County of

Gioucrfier.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inc’oYg c< rtrfn

Moors, Commons, or Watte Lands cJled Idit.'e I'm k

Moor and Summer Lea'\\ and all the- cuner Open, Com-

mon, or \V;:(lc Lands in the* Mar,or of A aft A Pari, With-

in the Parish of Afar k in the County of Soutrft.

16. An Act for naturalizing f’An B. -gne.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel ToTien.

18. An Act for naturalizing Ch>i/iepher Erurficick.

19. An Act for naturalizing 1 li:>ouimus liunrich Z obeli,

commonly called IFcrortfnns Hen* y Y^bJl.

20. An Act for naturalizing fumes A 'faze.

21. An Act for vetting the I hate at Littb ITcodhonfe in the

County of York, deviled by the Will of femniah Harrijon

Gentleman, deceased, in Tn flees, to Veil the fame, and

apply the Money to mile by such Sale in the Purchase of

other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and mcloling the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

G rounds in Wimvick in the Counties of Huntingdon and

Northampton.

23. An ACt for naturalizing Peter Rilliet.

24. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean

and Canons of H' major and Therms Stoner Esquire.

25. An Act for veiling the Settled Fftate of Thomas TVaL

jhghfim IC'e/lern Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him

and his Heirs, and for settling an Fftate of greater Value

in the County of Ffix in lieu thticof, and in Exchange

for the fame.

26. An Act for vetting the Estates deviled by the Will of

farms Peachey Flquire, in the County of Fhrcford, in

Trustees, to fell or exchange the fame, and for Lying out

the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Pur-

chafe of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of

the said Will.

27. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his picfent Majesty, intituled, An Act for

cjlabh(hing and regulating a Charity, called Koxley Charity

in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Katherine

Lcvefon.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, and Pattures, Commonable and

Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Lcngbo-

rohgh in the County of Glcuce/lcr.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Foil Lands,

Commons, and Waste Lands, wiihin the Parish of Tud-

denham in the County of Suffolk.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Failures,

Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within

the Manor or Lordship and Parish oi Ltupingham in the

County of Rutland.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Waft of

Common or Watte Land, Part of the Forett of Mendip,

lying within the Manor and 'Parish of East Harptry in the

County of So?nerJet.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common

Pattures, and Watte Lands within the several Manors of

Keevil, Lima ft on, Fittleton, and Chiiiubury dc la Folly, in the

County of Wilts.

33. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands lying and being within

the Manor and Parish of Fuji Brent in the County of

Somerset.

» 34. An

