fSIcfc Ticket,

■j Unserviceable Ticket, or

( Foreign Remove Ticket.

K° on the Ship’s Book.

( )

N° on the Entry Book.

( ;

Act of Parliament

32 Geo. ///. Cap. 33.

[Not saleable or transferable.]

. Seaman, aged Years,

r eet, Inches high, of a Complexion,

entered on Board his Majesty’s on the

Day of one thousand seven hundred and

and served until this Day of one thousand

(even hundred and in the Quality of

at which Time he was to

Abatements to be made

-----/

For Marine Necessaries

Venereals -----

Neglefl:

Cloaths in Sick Quarters

Navy Slop Cioaths -----

Dead Men’s Cloaths —

Beds-----

Tobacco-----

Wages remitted from Abroad —

Two Months Advance -----

Amounting to

and Pence

Given under our Hands,

Captain

Purfcr

£

Pounds

{Sick Ticket,

Unserviceable Ticket, or

Foreign Remove Ticket.

N° on the Ship’s Book.

( )

Feet,

N° on the Entry Book.

(

Act of Parliament

32 Geo. III. Cap. 33.

Shillings

Matter

Boatswain

[Not saleable or transferable.]

Seaman, aged Years,

Inches high, or a Complexion

entered on Board his Majesty’s # on the

Day of one thousand (even hundred and

and served until this Day of one thousand

seven hundred and in the Quality of

it which Time he was to

Abatements to be made

For Marine Necessaries

Venereals -----~

NegledS

£■

Cloaths in Sick Quarters —

Navy Slop Cloaths-----

Dead Men’s Cloaths-----

Beds-----

T obacco-----

Wages remitted from Abroad

Two Months Advance-----

Amounting to

Pounds

and Pence

Given under our Hands,

Captain

Purler

Shillings

Matter

Boatswain

If the Person in whose Favour this Ticket is made out shall be sent Sick to any Hospilal, or Sick Quar-

ters, at Home or Abroad, and shall afterwards return to his Ship, he shall leave this Ticket with the Agent --N je rj . y. I, % f « f m

of such Hof iral or Sick Quarters. C^*' If the Party be dischar&ed unserviceable, be turned over to any ether Ship in the Service of hi*

0 If he shall be fem from such Hospilal or Sick Quarters to serve in any other Ship, he shall cany this be rent/,ck> anddojiot return to his Ship, the Captain or Commanding Officer is to fend

Ticket with him, which shall not be payable until the Ship on Board of which he goes shall come in Course ‘hts Duplicate to the Comm,(Goners of the Navvi.uJer, by the fitft fate Opportunity thereafter,

of Payment, or until he shall be discharged therefrom. C^'c0~l . °.r any 4.pta,n or Commanding Officer, who shall have this Duplicate ,n his Possession, upon his

If he shall be removed f rom one Ship to another Abroad, he shall deliver it, when he arrives in Eng!andy ^rnva* in Etgbnd, is immediately to forward it to the Lommissioners of ihc Navy, London,

to the Com mi (limners of the Navy in London, or to the Commissioner of the Navy residing at Portsmouth,

Plymouth, or Chatham, who willcause Payment to be made a9 soon as may be, at whichever of thele Places

it shall be delivered.

I: he shall be in any Way discharged unserviceable, he may receive Payment in the same Manner at any

C of th- fe Places j or if, b*dng so discharged unserviceable, he shall be or arrive at any other Port or Place in

CC Great Britain or Ireland, and shall be desirous to receive Payment at such Place, of this or any other Ticket

EH u/hich he may have, he shall apply to the nearest Collector of the Custom8 or Excise, or Receiver of the

CD Land Tax, 01 Clerk of the Check, and shall deliver to him such Tickets, together with a Certificate of his

Q_ having received no Wages for his Services during his Passage, if be shall have come Home in a Packet or

Merchantmany and the said Colleger of the Customs, or whichever of the above Revenue Officers he shall f

apply to, shall iranfmit the fame to the Commissioners of the Navy in Lor.dwy who will forward a Bill for

the Amount of the Wages, to be immediately paid to the Person entitled to them; and the said Revenue —

Officer (bail also transmit such Person’s Address, who mud be identified to him by the Mailer of the said

Packet or Merchantman, or by some other Person of good Repute.

N. B. 1 he prrfonating or falsely afToming the Name and Character of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or

N^Marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive any Pay or Wages due, or fiipposed to be

r\Qduc, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by Act 32 Geo. III. And if the Person in whose Favour this

Ticket is made out, shall die before he receives Payment, it is to be returned, together with any other

Tickets he may have in his Peflefliun, to the Commissioners of the Navy, London.

A.D. 179a. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii C. 33. 197

