IOO

C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo

How such Bonds

(hiII be dif-

cbarfced*

Inhabitants of

Cuernfey,

may g-anfporc

directly from

thence to New*

fouodland, Arc.

for the Use of

the Fishery, the

■Wheat, See. al-

lowed to be im-

ported intothofe

lfhodt, agree-

able to 9 Geo, 3,

c. s8.

Cora, &c« may

be exported to

Ireland, during

an Embargo on

the Exportation

thereof from

that Kingdom,

under certain

Regulations*

I a Cafes of War,

dec. his Majesty

in Council,

when the Par-

liament is not

fitting, may al-

low the Quan-

tities of Corn,

&t, herein men-

tioned, to be ex-

ported in addi-

tien to th'Qiian-

thie* specified in

table C.

Tcvcral Purposes aforesaid, and shall not be landed or fold in any other Parts whatsoever, the Danger of the

Seas and Enemies excepted; and such Bond shall be discharged upon producing such Certificate -as is here*

in-before required, with respect to Corn and other Articles exported on Bounty, within the Times there

foecified, as the Cafe may happen to be, or on Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the "

Customs in England or Scotland, for the Time being, respectively, that such Articles were taken by Ene-

mies, or periftied in the Seas: Provided always, that in case such Corn or other Articles shall be exported

for the Ule’of his Majesty’s. Forces, Forts, or Garrisons, there shall also be a Certificate of the Commis-

fary of Provisions, or any Person who shall receive the same into his Charge or Custody for the Use of his

Majesty’s Forces, testifying the Quantity so received by him.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person inhabiting the said Islands

of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, to ship and lade at any of the said Islands, and to transport directly fronv

thence to Newfoundland, or to any other of the Brit I fa Colonies or Plantations in America, where the

Fishery is now or shall hereafter be carried on, on board any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trade

there, the Whole or so much of the Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Meal, Flour, Malt, Biscuit, or Peafc, so

allowed to be imported into the said Islands, as shall be fit and necessary for the Fishery in those Parts, or for

the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessels, or on Shore in carrying

on the said Fishery, in the same Manner, and under the fame Limitations and Rcftriflions, to all Intents*

Conitruclions, and Purposes, as are prescribed in and by an A£>, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the Inhabitants ef Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from

thence to Newfoundland or the British Colonies in America, Goods nccejfaryfor the Fishery, under certain Re-

Jlriftions, and to import from thence non-enumerated Goods (except Rum), and to land the fame in the Zdid

Islands, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present A&j any Law

or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to prohibit any Sort of Corn, or any of the other Articles as aforesaid, from being exported from 1

Great Britain to the Kingdom of Ireland, during such Time and so long as any general Prohibition of,

or embargo on the Exportation of such Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, mall be in force in that King-

dom, the fame having been notified in the London Gazette; but that it shall and may be lawful, during the

Time that such Prohibition or Embargo shall be in force in that Kingdom, to export such Cqrn, or other

Articles as aforesaid, from Great Britain to Ireland, so as the Exporter of any such Corn or other Articles

as aforesaid, from Great Britain, do, before the shipping thereof, declare upon Oath, or Affirmation, being

one of the People called Quakers, before (he Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port

from whence the Exportation is about to take place (which Oath or Affirmation the said Collector or

‘ other Chief Officer is hereby impowered to administer), that all such Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, is

intended to be exported to Ireland, specifying (herein the Port to which the lame is intended to be ex-

ported, and also that he, together with the Matter or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship*

or Vessel in which such Corn or other Articles are intended to be exported, do become bound in a Bond

with one other sufficient Surety, in Treble the Value of such Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, to

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Condition that he will carry the fame to such Port or Place

in the Kingdom of Ireland; and such Bond shall be discharged upon producing a Certificate of the Col-

lector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port in Ireland\ for which the fame was entered

to be exported, in the Manner herein-before directed, with respect to Com and other Articles exported oix

Bounty.

4 XIV. And whereas it may be highly expedient, for the Relief of his Majesty’s Subjects in his Co—

4 ionics and Plantations, and other Parts out of the Realm, in Cafes of War, Hurricane, Dearth, or fudderx

4 Distress, to impower his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to allow, in such Cafes, the Ex—

4 portation of an additional limited Quantity of Corn, and of the other Articles before mentioned f be it

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice

of his Privy Council, during such Time as Parliament shall not be fitting, to allow, m addition to tho

Quantities specified in Table C. the Exportation of any of the Sorts of Corn, or of the other Articles

herein-before mentioned, in any Quantities not exceeding five thousand Quarters of each of the several Sorts

of unground Corn, and two thousand Tons of each of the several Sorts of ground Corn or Biscuit in any-

one Year, on the Exporters, together with the Matters or Persons having the Charge or Command of the

Ships or Vessels in which such Corn or other Articles are intended to,be exported, giving Bond, with one'

other sufficient Surety, in Manner herein-before last directed, With respect to Corn arid other Articles al-

lowed to be exported in the Quantities and Proportions mentioned in the Table marked C. 5 and such Bond

shall be discharged by Certificate in the Manner herein-before last directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifteenth Day of November one thousand

(even hundred and ninety-one, upon the Importation into Great Britain from foreign Parts, of Wheat

Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oat-meal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn and Maize*'

the Duties to be paid thereon respectively shall be regulated and ascertained according to the Prices of

Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oat-meal, in the Manner set forth and spe—

cified in the following Table, marked D«; and that no Com ground, except Wheat-meal, Wheat-flour

and Oat-meal, nor any Malt, shall be imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas under Pe-

nalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported, with,

her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel* and the fame shall, and may be seized determined by any

Officer or Officers of the Customs.

From Nov. t$,

1791, tfcUutics

on Wheat, &c.

imported, tube

regulated accord-

ing to the Prices

specified in

Table D.

and no Coro

ground except

Whe#trnnealf

ice. nor any

Wilt, to be Imjoffcd, on Penalty of Forfeiture, Scc.

Tab t r

