I

506

t>Vt OB oponing

Paper to b« <0-

ftrojed.

Maker no* to re*

tei*e any such

'Wrapper.

Peralty on Sta-

tioner! fending,

or Marker r«-

eeiviri^ used

Wrappers.

Penalry not to

ert^ni to Paper

opened and re-

rimed 3s dif-

liked.

Paper, Mate-

rials, Utensil*,

See. liable to the

Duties and to

Peaalties^.

Paper made in

Great Britain

may beexportrd,

end a Drawback

allowed "on err-

fain Conations,

&c*

Drawback not

to be allowed

nnlefa the Paper

be enclosed in

the Wrapper in

which it was

barged with

Dity, Src.

C. 20. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

any Wrapper or Cover which has been before used as a Wrapper or Cover to any Pap$r, and marked,

stamped, or labelled with the Mark, Stamp, or Label directed by this Act to be used, to denote the Duties

of Excise imposed for or in respect of any Sort of Paj)cr being charged, but that all and every Stationer and

Stationers, or Dealer and Dealers in Paper, shall, and they arc reflectively required, upon opening any

Ream or Bundle of Paper, forthwith to destroy, or cause to be destroyed, the Wrapper or Cover in which

such Paper was enclosed, and the Impression of the Mark or Stamp, or the Label put thereon by the Officer

or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act; nor shall any Maker or Makers of Paper

receive, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be received, restored, returned, re-delivered, or fenttohirn,

her, or them, or to be kept or depollted at any Mill, Workhouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place to him,

her, or them belonging, or at any other Place to or for his, her, or their Ufc, any such Wrapper, Cover, or

Label, which has been before used as a Cover, Wrapper, or Label to any Quantity of Paper, or in or with

which any Paper, Paltcboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper hasbeen removed, carried, orfent

away, by any Maker or Makers of Paper, on Pain that every such Stationer or Dealer, or Maker of Paper

shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with every such Wrapper,

Cover, or Label, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Oificer or Officers of Excite.

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing hereinbefore contained {hall extend, or be deemed or

construed to extend, to inflict the Paid Penalty of one hundred Pounds, for or on account of the not de-

ftroying or returning any Wrapper or Cover which hath been opened, containing therein the fame identical

Ream or Bundle of Paper which was removed, carried, or lent away by the Maker or Makers thereof,

and which is returned to him, her, or them, on account of the fame being disliked and refused by the Person

or Persons to whom the fame was sent, or for or on account of the not destroying or returning any Label

affixed to such Wrapper or Cover; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwith-

ffanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-

board, Scaleboard, and* Glazed Paper, and all the Materials and Utensils for the making thereof, in the

Custody of any Maker or Makers of Paper, Patteboaid, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, or of

any Person or Persons to the liie of or in Trust for any such Maker or Makers, shall be liable and subject

to, and the fame reflectively are hereby made chargeable with, all the Debts and Duties for Paper, Paste-

board, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively made, in Arrear and owing by such Maker

or Makers, for any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, so made by him, her,

or them, or in his, her, or their Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, or other Place, and shall also be subject and

liable to satisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makeis, or other Person or Persons,

uling such Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, or other Place, for any Offence against this Act, relating to the

said Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Piper respectively; and it Dial! and

may be lawful in all such Cafes to levy such Debts, Duties, and Penalties, on such Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-

board, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Materials, and Utensils, or any of them, and to use-such Proceedings

as may lawfully be done in relation to Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, in

case the Debtors or Offenders were the true and lawful Owners of tie fame.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid rhe Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Paper

made in Great Britain, and to and for any other Person and Persons who shall buy. or be lawfully entitled

unto any such Pa|>er from the Person or Persons who actually paid the Duties for the fame, to export such

Paper to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize, under, subject, and according to the Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, slave and except the Oath herein-

after in that Behalf required,) so far as the fame respectively are applicable thereto, which are contained,

provided, settled, or established, in or by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for dircdling the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Com-

modities, or in or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Exportation of Paper made in

Great Britain on Drawback in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, lave and except that

in lieu and instead of that Part hereinafter mentioned, of the Oath or Affirmation required by the find AS

of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, to be made by the Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, that be believes

the Duties upon such Commodities had been fully paid, such Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, shall

make Oath that he believes the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed to have been fully paid for such Paper,

and thereupon a Drawback of the said Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper shall be

allowed; and the Lid fevera: Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures, (except as aforesaid,) so far as the fame respectively are applicable thereto, shall be in foil force,

and shall be, and the fame are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution

upon such Exportation of any such Paper, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame

respectively had been re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons whatso»

ever to any such Drawback for or in respect of any such Paper, unless the Officer of Excise, who shall at-

tend to fee such Paper packed up in order to be exported, shall then find such Paper enclosed in the Cover or

Wrapper in which the fame was charged with Duty, with the Impression of the Officer’s Stamp, and hit

Christian and Surname, with the Date of the Charge of the Duty for or in respect of such Paper, and the

Class thereof, together with the several Matters hereinbefore prescribed and directed to be marked, written,

or printed, remaining on such Cover or Wrapper; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for fetch Ofi-

ll ccr.

