The TITLES of the STATUTES.

of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this

Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein ; and to explain

and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth

Year of his present Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for amend-

“ ingy and reducing into one Act of Parliament y the Laws

“ relatin' to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

“ called England;” and also an Act, made in this present

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augtnenting

the Militia.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two

hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by

them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the

Reduction of the National Debt.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund ; for applying a cer-

tain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four ;

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament.

50. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as di-

rests that no Cambric or Lawn shall be imported from

Ireland, until the Importation of Cambrics and French

Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law ; to allow

the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns from

the AujlriaruNetherlandsy for a limited Time; for making

more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual

Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom ; and for pre-

venting the fraudulent relanding of Tobacco shipped for

Exportation.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of

Customs, on Slate, Stone, and A4arble.

52. An Act-for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town

of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden Baronet,

at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the Weft Riding

of the County of York, to join and communicate with

the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton

under Line and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton

under Line aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lan-

c after.

54. An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain

such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring

against his Person and Government.

55. An Act for saving to his Majesty the Duty of new Sub-

fidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland.

56. An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of

this Session for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills.

57. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the fifth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act

to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

58. An Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the In-

ferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster, into

the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine.

59. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, parted

in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of

the Board of Ordnance, the Commissioners of the Navy,

the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, and the

Commissioners of Sick and Hurt.

fio. An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting

the.Transportationand Imprisonment of Offenders, as re-

lates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of

Confinement.

61. An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day,

by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers.

62. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of

two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses

and Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a

new Method of Tanning Hides and Skins.

64. An Act for the more effectually repairing of such Parts

of the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by

two Parishes.

65. An Act for better regulating and governing the Wa-

termen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of

Thames, between Gravcfend and Windjor-

66. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into

his A4ajesty’s Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt

due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner

Kemeys Esquire, in Trust for the late Right Honourable

Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords

Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the

Mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due

from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

67. An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson Esquire, in Trust

for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace,

a Messuage and other Hereditaments, in Saint James's

Square, purchased by the said Jofiph Freeman of-Matthias

de Gandafequiy an Alien; and for discharging the fame

from the Right of the Crown, in respect of the Alienage.

68. An Act for the further Encouragement of British Ma-

riners ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69* An Act for the Discharge of certain Infclvent Debtors.

70. An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or

Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty.

71. An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may

be in his Majesty’s Boffeflion, with the several Sorts of

Corn, Me«l, Flour, and Biscuit,. necessary for the Main-

tenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands.

72. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Stamp Du lies to (lamp the Paper used for printing News-

papers thereon, in Sheets of Single Demy Paper instead

of Sheets of Double Demy Paper.

73. An Act for directing the Appointment of Commission-

ers, to administer certain Oaths and Declarations re-

quired by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering

to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parlia-

ment.

74. An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of

the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, re-

spefting the Publick Highways, within that Part of Great

Britain called England, which relate to the Performance

of Statute Duty/

75. An Act for the better Management of the Land Re-

venue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and

other unimprovable Rents.

76. An Adfc for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for the better fe-

eding his Majesty’s Batteries, and other Works, in the

Counties of Kent and Devon.

77. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from or nearly from Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury,

by Haftingdeny to or nearly to Church Kirky all in the

County Palatine of Lancajter.

78. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge

Whaif,

