214

Certificate to be

delivered to the

Widow, &c. if

prefi nt, ouicr-

wife to *he De-

puty Paymaster.

Deputy Pavmaf-

ter, O'l receiv.ng

Checks or Cer-

tificates, to com-

pute the Wig<*«

due, and the Ba-

lance to be

paid, &.'Ct

If the Party re-

side at a Dis-

tance, a Remit*

tance Bill to be

made out for the

Balance*

Form of Remit*

taoce Bill,

Remittance Bill

to be fijned, Sec.

as in Cafes of

Parties defifing

Wages to be re-

mitted at the

Pay of a Ship by

31 Geo. a* c. zo.

Sc c*

C. 34. Anno triceumo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

4 Remittance Bill to be addiefied to at

s 4 /. P. Inspector.

4 To the Deputy Paymaster of the Navy, 'll'bo shall take Care to note

4 hereon ail Sums which he shall pay, or cavje to be paidy upon the

4 Authority of the Jartud

And which Certificate, so prepared, shall be delivered overby him to the said Widow, next of Kin, Creditor,

or Person named as 1 xecutor, if he or they shall be present* but if he or they shall not be pi dent, hut be and

reiide at a Distance, then and in that Calc the said Infpcitor shall specify and ddcribe upon the said Certificate

the Revenue Officer reiiding as aforesaid nearest to such W idovv, next-of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as

Executor, and shall deliver such Certificate to the Deputy Paymaster.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputy Paymaster, upon receiving such Check, or such

Certificate, addielled to him, as the Cafe may be, shall caule the Whole of the Wages due thereon to be cal-

culated and ascertained in the usual Manner, in which Calculation, Conhderation shall be had to the Prcxftor’s

Charge, if any such Charge shall have been incurred, which shall be abated and deducted from th? said Wages,

and be immediately paid to the said Proctor, or some Person authoiifed to receive the same on his Behalf, and

the Amount due on such Check, or Certificate, as the Cale may be, being lo ascertained, and the Proctor’s

Charge, where there may be any, being so deducted, tnc Xet Balance, or that Part of the Net Balance which

may be due to the Admimltrator, Executor, Yv idovv, next of Kin, or Person named as Executor or Creditor,

shall immediately be paid to him or them, if he or they shall be present ;«and the Check or Certificate upon

which the fame was so paid shall also be delivered to him or them, that it may be and remain in his or their

Hands, and (land in place and in itead of Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Will, or Letters of

Administration with Will annexed, as an Authority to receive whatever other Sums may be due or be-

come due to the Ellate of such DcceafeiL

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Executor or Administrator, Widow', next of Kin,

or Creditor, or Person named as Executor, shall not be present, but be and reiide at a Distance, the said De-

puty Paymaster, or Treasurer’s Clerk, shall make out, or caulc to be made out, a Remittance Bill or Bill

for the Net Balance, or that Part of the Net Balance ascertained as aforesaid, and which shall be in the fol-

lowing Form, or to the like Effect;

No

4 SIR,

pAY to B. C. of

Day of

on

kts

her

their

To

rer

{

1

s.

L

producing and delivering the Dupli-

cate hereof, the Sum of ^ ’ being on Account of the Wages of D. E.

belonging to his Majesty’s Ship the if the fame be demanded within

six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the

Treasurer of the Navy, at the Pay-Office of the Navy, London.

The Receiver General of the Land Tax in the County of

The Collector of the Customs at the Port of

The Colletlor of the Excise at

The Clerk of the Check at

4 Signed

4 Attelled

4 By virtue of the Act of the thirty-second of George the Third.

c N- B. The personating or falsely affirming the Name and Character of any Person entitled to receive the

4 Wages of any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or

4 procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non-

4 commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the thirty—

4 second of George the Third.

F* G, Commissioner of the Navy.

H. L Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy*

The Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed, is directed by Ad 32 Geo. III. Chap. 34. to examine the

€ Duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the Truth, by the Oath of the Person presenting the fame;

« and being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee

« or Reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the Amouht, from not having Publick Money sufficient in his

4 Hands, he shall note the Cause of his refusing Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at

4 furthest from that Time, and shall deliver back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon

4 Complaint to the Commissioners, it shall appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily de-

layed Payment, taken any Fee, or made any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding fifty

4 Pounds.’

—

And which Bill shall be signed, attested, forwarded and transmitted in the Manner directed in Cafes of Parties

desiring their Wages to be remitted at the Pay of a Ship, by the aforesaid A&, passed in the thirty-first Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty; and which Remittance Bills shall be made payable to such persons only

as shall beexprefled as Administrators, Executors, Widows, next of Kin, or Creditors, in the Check or Cer-

tificate ifllied as before directed by the In(pe£lor; and all the Money payable by the Treasurer of the Navy

upon such Check of Administration, or Probate of Will, with Copy of Will annexed, being made into a

Remittance Bill or Bills, the Treasurer’s Clerk shall examine the said Check, and if it shall appear that there

are no further Sums due by the said Treasurer of the Navy, but that the full Sum due by him upon such Au-

thority

