344

C. 48.

ving Annoying tricesimo tertio G e o r g i i III.

A.D.

1793>

Officers chang-

ing their Ships

may rrtro*e

their Sea Stock

of L.quers

or may take

them lor home

Consumption in

Payment of

Duty.

Soeh Liq'iori if

deposited n

Warehouses

more than a

Year* to be dif-

posed of con-

iomably to

ia Anns, Srac*

a. Cap. 8.

Pursers of Ships

in actual Service

n^ay remove to '

certain I’orts

Tobacco regu-

larly imported

from America,

“and warehoused,

wi’bout Pay-

ment of Duty.

speflion of the proper Officers of the Customs, who shall and are hereby required tp take a particular

Account thereof, and forthwith deliver the fame to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the

Port where such Wines shall have been transhipped as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enaScd by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Admiral, Captain, or other

Commissioned Officer, shall change his Ship, it shall and may be lawful to remove his Sea Stock of Li-

quors to any other Ship of War to which such Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, shall be

appointed respectively, without landing the fame, provided the said Liquors be transhipped under the Care

and Infpc&ion of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, appointed for that Purpose by the Collector and

Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where such transfiipping shall take place, being one of the Ports-

herein-before enumerated ; or it shall and may be lawful to reland the fame, under the Care and InspeSion

of such Officer or Officers of the Customs, and to lodge the fame in the Custom House Warehouse at such

Port, without Payment of any Duties whatever, and such Liquors shall there remain until the fame shall be

taken out again and relhipped under the Care and Inspection of the proper Officers of the Customs on board

any Ship of War to which such Admiral, Captain, or other Commissioned Officer, is or may be appointed:

Provided also, That such Admiral, Captain,or other Commissioned Officer, shall beat Liberty to take such

Liquors out of the said Warehouse for Home Consumption, if he shall so think fit, first paying the full;

Duties due for the fame, subject, nevertheless, to all such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as the fame

would stave been subject to on a regular Importation into Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Liquors so deposited in any

Custom House Warehouse as aforesaid, shall remain there rr\ort than twelve Months, unless further Time be

allowed by the Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose, the fame shall and may be disposed of by

Order of the said Commissioners, and the Produce thereof be applied conformably to the Directions of an

Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act far cn?

courageing the Tobacco Trade.

VIII. ‘And whereas, by the Laws now in force, none but Tobacco of the Growth of the British Planta-

tiens, which shall have paid Duty, and which shall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be le-

gally used or consumed on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War in any Part of Europe : And whereas

it is expedient that Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the British Plantations in America, or the

United States of America, regularly imported into Great Britain, should be supplied to his Majesty's

Ships of War for the Use of the Crews of such Ships, without Payment of any Duty whatever, under

certain Conditions :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing

of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Purser of any Ship of War in attual Service, on purchasing

any such Tobacco for the Purpose aforesaid, which shall have beeir legally deposited in any Warehouse now

or hereafter to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for the Reception of the fame on Impor-

tation thereof, to remove the fame, without Payment of any Duty whatever, by Permission of the said

Commissioners of the Customs, upon such Conaitions, and under such Regulations and ReftritSlions as they

may deem neccfl'ary for the Security of the Revenue, to the Ports of Rochrjfer*.Portsmouth, or Plymouth,

there to be deposited in the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of such Ports respectively, who are

hereby authorized and required, on such Tobacco being duly entered Outwards, to permit the fame to be

shipped and put on board any Ship of War in actual Service within the Limits of their respective Ports,

under the Care and Infpc&ion of the proper Officers.

IX. Provided always, That before shipping any Part thereof, such Purser shall produce to the Colletftors

and Comptrollers of such Ports respectively, a Certificate under the Hand of the Captain of the Ship to

which such Purser shall belong, ascertaining that he is the Purser of such Ship, and that (he is in atftual Ser-

vice, and specifying the Number of Men of which her Crew consists, on the Back of which Certificate

such Purler shall make Oath before such Collectors and Comptrollers (who are hereby authorized to admi-

nifter the fame), that the Tobacco so about to be shipped is really and truly meant and intended for the Use

and Consumption of the Crew of such Ship of War, and that no Part thereof shall be by him, or with his

Privity, Consent, or Knowledge, relanded in any Part of Great Britain, without special Leave first had

and obtained from the proper Officers of his Majesty’s Customs for that Purpose, or landed in Ireland, or

the Islands of Guern/cy, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man ; which Certificate and Affidavit are to remain in

the Hands of such Collectors and Comptrollers respectively, who are hereby required, immediately after

the Shipping of any such Tobacco as aforesaid, to transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs

Copies of such Certificate and Affidavit, mentioning the Time when, and the Quantity of Tobacco that

has been so shipped as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to cause an Account

thereof to be kept by some Officer or Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, in order that Recourse

may be had thereto as Occasion shall require.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no greater Quantity of such Tobacco

shall be allowed to any such Ship of War than two Pounds Weight Avoirdupoile by the Lunar Month for

each of the Seamen, or other Persons belonging to and serving on board such Ship, nor shall any greater

Quantity be permitted to be shipped at one and the fame Time, than will be sufficient to serve the Crew

of such Ship for six Months at and alter the Rate above-mentioned.

Turfcrto pro-

duce a Certifi-

cate from his

Captain of bi*

identity, &c.

and tu m*ke

Oath to the

P.rticuhri

herein fyecihed,

Certificate and

Affidavit to re-

main with the

Officer of the

Cuiiomj, whi

is so transmit

C pier, 5rc. to

the Commifih •-

ers.

No more than

1 Nr. of Tosacco

per Man per

Month to be

allowed, for

more than fix

Alonthf Allowance to be fhipt at the fame Time.

Furfers tray

pjichafe further

Quantities of

Tobacco as Sup*

plica are con.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforeGtid, That when and as often as the Tobacco, so

supplied as aforesaid, {hall be consumed in the Proportions aforesaid on board any Ship of War, it ihail and

may be lawful for the Purser to purchase, in like Maimer as aforesaid, a further necessary Quantity of To-

bacco, and to furni/h the Ship to which he shall belong with the feme, conforming in every to the

6 Rules,

