.Anno tricesimo tertio G e o r o i i III.

292

C* 4*

A.D. 1793.

Preamblt.

CAP. IV.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom,

. or resident therein, in certain Cafes.

-T/HEREAS a great and unusual Number of Persons, not being natural-born Subjects of his

W Majesty, or Denizens, or Persons naturalized by Act of Parliament, have lately referred to this

Kingdom: And whereas, under the present Circumstances, much Danger may arise to the publick Tran-

quillity from the Resort and Residence of Aliens, unless due Provision be made in reflect thereofBe it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That, during the Continuance-of this Act, the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vedcl

which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Kingdom, shall, immediately on his Arrival, declare in

Writing to the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at or near such Port or

Place, whether there are, to the bell of his Knowledge, any Foreigners on board his said Vessel j and shall,

in his said Declaration, specify the Number of Foreigners, if any, on board his said Vessel, and also specify

their Names and respective Rank, Occupation, or Description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

Matters of

Vtflels to give

to ibe Officer of

the Customs at

the Port of Ar-

rival, a written

Declaration, spe*

cifying the Names, See. of Foreigners on bond,

penalty for Neg-

kdof to doing.

II. And be it further ena&eJ by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Commander of every Ship

or Vessel, so arriving as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration as afore said, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, for each and every Foreigner who shall

have been on board at the Time or the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall hive

wilfully neglected or refused to declare as aforesaid; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Informer or In«

formers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Offence shall have been

committed, to be recovered before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the

Division, City, Town, or Place, in which such Offence shall have been committed, by the Confession of

the Party, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case such Matter or

Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to

pay in Manner aforesaid, that it^ shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief

Officer of the Customs, to detain such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid, That every Alien who shall arrive in any Port

or Place of this Kingdom, on or after the tenth Day of January one thousand (even hundred and ninety*

three, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare in Writing to the Collector. Comptroller, or other

__________ Chief Officer of the Customs, at or near such Port or Place, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or

written Declare- Description, or if a Domestick Servant, then also the Name, Rank, Occupation, or Description of his or

tien of their her Master or Mistress, or shall verbally make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him

Names, Rank, - —- - - -......... - — ~ 7

Sec*

Aliena neglect-

ing to make

such Declarati-

on, Sec. to be

adjudged to de-

part out of the

Application of

Penalty, and

how recoverable.

On Nonpayment

of Penalty, the

Vessel may be

detained.

Aliens arming

otter Jan. io,

1793> »

the Port Officer

of the Customs a

IICl IVidUCI VI IVXllllvO, VI I1I41I YvIl/dClij lUdJXt IUvU WU1V.WI luyiWIdlU IUVU XVWWUUAUvl 1, kU Uv uy uuu

reduced to Writing; and shall also in like Marnier declare the Country or Countries. Place or Places

where he or she shall have principally redded for six Calendar Months next immediately preceding such

Arrival: And that every such Alien who shall neglect to make Declaration of the aforesaid Particulars, or

who shall wilfully make any false Declaration thereof, shall, for every such Offence, on Conviaioo

thereof in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery,

or Great Sessions, or Judiciary Court in Scotland!, be adjudged to depart out of this Realm, and ail other

. his Majesty’s Dominions, within a Time to be limited in such Judgement; and if be or (he shall be found

ypncompiUw* therein after such Time in such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, bong duly

to be iraofport’ convicted thereof, be transported for Life.

for Life.

Aliens to but. IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Alien (o arriving as aforesaid,

from the officer shall obtain from the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer i>f the Customs (and such Officers are

of the Customs, hereby respectively required to deliver the feme) a Certificate of his or her Declaration, made in Writing

or verbally, containing all the Particulars in such Declaration contained.

a Certificate of

their federa-

tiens.

Act not to «. V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Hut nothing herein-before

cCTdfiedbj^ the* contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Mariner^ whom the Master or Commander of any

Matter to the

Officer of the

Cattrass.

Ship or Vessel, arriving in any Port or Place in Great , shall certify to such Collector, Comptroller,

or other Chief Officer of the Customs, in Writing, subscribed by such Master or Commander, to be ac-

tually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, during the Time that such Mari-

ner shall remain so actually engaged and employed; and which Certificate in Writing, so subscribed as

aforesaid, every such Master or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Alien so

arriving to import or bring into this Kingdom, any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition what-

ever, other than as Merchandize, subject to the Laws now in force respecting the Importation of such

a Merchandise, Arms or Ammunition respectively as Merchandize', and that it (balk be lawful for any of his Majesty’s

«. be feised. Officers of the Customs to taka into his or their Custody any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammu-

nition which shall be attempted to be imported or brought into this Kingdom, in any Manner contrary.to

this Act, taking an Account thereof; which Account shall specify the Persons by whom the fame were

respectively brought; and that such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition shall be, and shall

■ remain.at the King’s Disposal.

Arms, Ac. at-

tempted to be

imported by

Aliena, except

