A.D. 1791. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georg 11 III. C. 39—41.

Voyages) shall go to, and be applied to, the Use of Greenwich Hospital\ and shall be paid and accounted

for by the Matters, Commanders, and other Persons having the Charge or Command of such Ships or

Vessels, to the Officer of any Port or Place who shall collect the Sixpence per Month deducted out of Sea-

men’s Wages for the Use of the said Hospital, which Officer shall have, and hereby hath, full Power to

adtninifter an Oath to every Commander, Matter, or other Per foil as aforesaid reflectively, touching the

Truth of such Penalties and Forfeitures.

VIII. And be it further enuCted, That in case any Matters or Commanders, or Owners, of any such

Ships or Vessels, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall deduct out of the Wages

of any Seamen or Mariners any of the Penalties and Forfeitures which by this Act are directed to be de-

ducted and applied to and for the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and shall not pay the Money so deducted to

feme Officer who shall coiledt the Sixpence per Month deducted out of Seamen’s Wages for the Use of the

said Hospital, in the Port or Place where such Deduction shall be made, within three Months after such

Deduction, every such Person so neglecting to pay the Money so deducted, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and

pay treble the Value thereof to the Ule of the said Hospital; which, together with the Money deducted as

aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the lame Means and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures for

not duly paying the said Sixpence per Month can or may be recovered.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where the Seamen or Ma-

riners of any Ship or Vessel trading Coastwise as aforesaid have contracted, or shall contract, for Wages

by the Voyage, and not by the Month, or other Hated Period of Time, the Penalties and Forfeitures to be

incurred by stich Seamen or Mariners under this Act, shall be ascertained in Manner following ; (that is to

fty,) If the whole Time (pent in the Voyage agreed or proceeded upon shall exceed one Lunar Month, the

Forfeiture of one Month’s Pay shall be accounted and deemed a Forfeiture of a Sum of Money bearing

die fame Proportion to the whole Wages, as a Lunar Month shall bear to the whole Time spent in the

Voyage ; and in like Manner the Forfeiture of two Days Pay shall be accounted and deemed a Forfeiture

of a Sum of Money bearing the fame Proportion to the whole Wages, as two Days shall bear to the whole

Time spent in the Voyage ; and if the whole Time spent in the Voyage shall not exceed one Lunar Month,

the Forfeiture of one Month’s Pay shall be accounted and deemed a Forfeiture of the whole Wages con-

tracted for; and if such Time shall not exceed two Days, the Forfeiture of two Days Pay shall be accounted

and deemed a Forfeiture of the whole Wages contracted for.

X. ' Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That no Agreement or Agreements, to be made by virtue

or under the Authority of this ACt, shall be^ or be deemed liable to, or charged with, any Stamp Duties

whatsoever : And provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

any Ship or Vessel trading Coastwise as aforesaid, or to any Matter or Commander, Seamen or Mariners,

belonging thereto, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of one hundred Tons or upwards, and

shall go to open Sea: And provided also, That nothing in this ACt contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to debar any Seaman or Mariner, belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, from entering or being

entered into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on board any of his or their Ships or

Vessels, nor shall such Seaman or Mariner, for such Entry, forfeit the Wages due to him during the Term

of his Service in such Ship or Vessel, nor shall such Entry he deemed a Desertion.

CAP. XL.

An ACt for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General in Council

of Fort William in Bengal, and all ACts done by virtue thereof; and for granting further Powers to the

said Governor General, during his Residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

iC Order of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, of Nov. 1790, recited and confirmed. Earl Cornwallis

44 while he continues Governor General and relides in India, may, in his own Name, conclude Treaties

“ with any of the Powers there; and may issue Orders to the Governors and Councils of Fort Saint George

4< and Bombay, &c. and to the Servants of the United Company, without previously communicating them

“ to the respective Governors and Councils. The Powers to continue till three Months after the Termi-

44 nation of the War, or till Earl Cornwallis shall return to Fort William or to Europe; and then to devolve

44 to hisSucceflor : But may be revoked by the Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the Com-

44 missioners for the Affairs of India”

I4I

Penalty on Maf-

ters not paying

the Penalties in

three Months

after being so

deducted.

How Penalties

are to be afeer-

tained, where

the Seamen con-

trail for the

Voyage.

Agreements not

liable to Sump

Duties.

This Act not

to extend to

Vessels under

100 Tons Bur-

then, nor to

debar Seamen

from entering

into his Maje-

fly’s Service.

CAP. XLI.

An ACt for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

44 3*675,coo/, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the current Year, which may

44 be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this

41 ACt not to be rated to any Tax. Tallies of Loan to be (truck, Jsfr. Orders for Repayment to be re-

44 giftered and paid in Course. No Fee to be taken for registering, &c, on Penalty of treble Damages

44 and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the fame Date brought the same Day,

44 are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought

44 for Payment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the

«4 Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Land Tax ACt

44 of

