412

Ixerotors, &c.

may be autho-

rized to carry ot*

Business for the

Residue of the

Terms of Li*

ce.ic*.*.

No Tickets tobe

divided into any

o’ her Shares

than Halves,

Quarters,

Eighth', and

Sixteenth*, on

Penalty of 50 f.

Application and

Recovery of Pe-

nalties

Form of Shares

of rickc'f.

Person* eonn-

‘eirei ing shares,

See. guilty of

Felony.

Pe.rfons having

»o their Cottorfy

any l<erfter « r

JL’ll «>t’ T c'cets

V.j: as he ei j

p-irikuKiiaed j

C. 62. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793^

tice in Writing shall have been given to such Persons or Person, or left at such House, Shop, or Place as last

aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe, all and every such Persons or Person so offending shall, for every Day

in which such Words or any of them shall be continued written or expressed as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the

Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any Person so licensed as aforesaid during the

Term of such Licence, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, in

their Discretion, to authorize and impower the Executors or Adnainistrators, or the Wife, Child, or Heir

at Law of such deceased Person being entitled unto the Possession of the Premises in which the Business

respeiting such Lotteries was to be carried oil under such Licence, or any of them, to continue such

Business for the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was granted, in the fame Premises, without

taking out a new Licence, during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the fame Terms,

Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as such Licence was originally granted, and also subject to a Renewal

of the Bond for the securing the due Performance thereof by such Representatives respectively during the

Residue of such Term.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall fell any Share or

Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the Lottery established by virtue of this Act, or in the Lottery efta-

blished in Ireland by virtue of any Act for the present Year, in any other Proportion or Proportions than

one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Share only; or shall publish apy Propofalor Scheme for

felling any Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or

Tickets in the said respective Lotteries in any other Proportion than one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Six-

teenth Part or Share, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds ; and one Moiety

of all pecuniary Penalties inflicted by this Act (except where other Provisions shall be specially prescribed

by this Act) shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them,

who shall inform or sue for the same ; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Eftoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted. That every Share or Agreement for a Share of every Ticket so to

be divided, shall be written or printed according to the following Form :

iC LOTTERY for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety three.

Ticket, N°

u (or as the Share may be.)

“ The Bearer of this Share will he entitled to one Part of such beneficial Chance as shall belong

u to the Ticket numbered as above, in the Lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an Act passed in the

thirty’third Year of his present Ma’jijly s Reign.”

XXXV, And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or

procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any

Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares, of any Ticket or Tickets

divided by virtue of this Act; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp therein or thereon ; or shall

knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispole of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares,

or Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, with Intent to defraud any

Pei Ion or Persons, then, and in every such Cafe, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being

thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fufter as a Felon.

XXXVi. And be it further enacted, 'That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to have in his

or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift of thfr

Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act,other than complete Numerical Registers or

Lifts containing all the Tickets in the said Lottery, in Bocks of the respective Dimensions and stamped in

the Manner herein directed,or such Numerical Lift of each Day’s Drawing, as shall be printed and published

under the Authority of this Adl by the said Managers and Directors, or true and full Copies thereof respec-

tively ; nor for any Person or Persons to let down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or

of any Part thereof, the Order, Course, or Priority of drawing any such Picket or Tickets, other than

such Pickets to which Benefits shall belong under this Adl, as being first or last drawn on any Day ; nor to

L*t down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in which

any such Ticket shall be drawn on any Day, or in any Manner whatever, either by writing or printing, to

mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day oi drawing any such 'Picket or 'Pickets,

except such Benefit Pickets as aforesaid *, and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly keep or have in his

or their Custody or Poilession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift con-

cfining any Numbers of the 'Pickets in the said Lottery, other than such Numerical Registers or Lifts, or

Copies thereof as aforesaid, or shall set down in any Register or Lift wh never, either by writing or printing,

the Order* Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such'Picket or Pickets, other than such

j$ Tickets

