3?7

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

Council, shall declare and prescribe to be the Limits of the said Towns and Factories respectively, shall be

held, deemed, and taken in Law as the true Limits of the fame, any Custom or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall hereafter be elected a Director of the said

Company shall, within ten Days next after his Election, and before he shall take that Office upon him, (save

only the administering the Oath herein-after mentioned J instead of the Oaths now prescribed to be taken

by Persons elected Directors of the said Company, take the following Oath ; (that is to say,)

“ T A. B. do fivear, "That the Sum of two thousand Pounds, nowflan ding in my Name, of the Stock of the

“ United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, whereof I am defied to be a Di-

“ refior, dolh at this Time belong to me in my own Right, and not in Trust for any other Person or Persons

“ whomsoever : And 1 do further fivear, That in case I shall at any Time or Times, whilst Ifn all continue to be

“ a Direfior of the said Company, have any Dealings or Business with the said Company upon my own Account,

46 separately or in Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, for or in respect of buying for or felling to the

“said Company any Bullion or other Goods whatsoever, or in making any other Bargain orContrafi whatfover,

“ by, to, or with the said Company, then and in every such Cafe, previous to any Treaty or Negotiation upon

“fuch Business or Bufmeffes, I will declare and record the fame upon the Proceedings of the Court or Committee

“ where the fame is to be transafied, and that I will withdraw from such Court or Committee du-

“ ring the DficuJJim thereof and will not return thereto until after such Business or Bufmeffes shall be decided

“ upon: And 1 do furtherfivear. That lam not direfily or indirectly interested or concerned, as an Owner or

“ Part Owner, of or in any Ship or Vessel which at this Time is hired or freighted, or is expefied to be hired or

“ freighted to or for the Use of the said Company \ and that during the Time 1 shall continue to be a Direfior of

“ the said Company, 1 will not become an Owner or Part Owner of any Ship or Vessel which is or shall be so

“freighted, except such Ships or Shares of Ships as shall come to me by Bequest or Marriage, or as next of Kin

“ of any Person who shall die intefiate, and that in all such Cafes I willforthwith give Notice in Writing to the

44 Court of Direfior s of the said Company of my being so inter ejled \ and Ido hereby promise that I will fell

44 and dispose cf my Interesl in such Shipping within twelve Months next after my Inter eft therein shall accrue,

“ or in Default thereofshall and will vacate my Place and Office of a Direfior of the said Company: And fur-

“ ther I do fivear, That I will not direfily or indirectly accept or take any Perquisite, Emolument, Fee, Prejent,

44 or Reward, upon any Account whatsoever, or any Promise or Engagement for any Perquisite, Emolument,

“ Fee, Present, or Reward whatsoever, for or in respect of the Appointment or Nomination of any Person or

44 Persons to any Place or Office in the Gift or Appointment of the said Company, or of me as a Direfior thereof, or

“ for or on Account offlationing or appointing the Voyage or Voyages of any Ship or Ships in the said Company's

“ Employ, or for or on Account of, or any ways relating to, any other Buftnefs or Affairs of the said Company :

“ And I do further fivear. That I will be faithful to the said Company, and according to the best of my Skill and

46 Understanding, give my best Advice, Counsel, and Affiance for the Support of the good Government of the said

44 Company, and during my Continuance in the said Company will not at any Time or Tunes ship, lade, fend,

44 direfi, or cause to be sent from England, or any other Country, to the East Indies, or other Parts within the

44 Limits wherein the said Company may lawfully trade by virtue of their Charter of Incorporation, or bring

44 from thence, for my private Account, any Goods, Coins, or other Merchandizes, contrary to an Afi cf Par-

44 liament made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majffly King George the Third, intituled [here

44 insert the Title of this Act] : And I do further faithfully promise andjwcar. That in the Office cf a Direc-

44 for of the said Company, I will be indifferent and equal to all Adana er of Persons, and will in all Things

44 faithfully and honestly demean myself according to the best of my Skill and Understanding.

44 So help me G OD

Which said Oath shall be signed by the Person or Persons taking the fame, and shall be administered by any

two of the Directors of the said Company, who also shall sign and attest the fame ; and in case any Person so

to be elected a Director of the said Company, shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oath within the Time

aforesaid, his Office or Place, as a Director of the said Company, shall become void.

CLXI. 4 And whereas, by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of four Shillings per Pound

4 Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in

4 lieu thereof; and for better ficcuring the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties 0}' Excise; and for pursuing Offenders

4 out of one County into another ; and by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, intituled,. An Act to allciv a Drawback of the Duties of Cvjloms on the Exportation of Tea to any of

4 his Majesty*s Colonies or Plantations in America ; to incrcqfe the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the East

4 India Company's Sales, and to empower the Commijfloners of the Treajury to grant Licences to the East India

4 Company, to export Tea Dutyfree ; every Person who should, at any Publick Sale of Tea made by the said

4 United Company, be declared to be the heft Bidder for any Lot or Lots of Tea, is required, within three

4 Days after being so declared the best Bidder or Bidders for the fame, to make such Deposits with the said

4 United Company, for every Tub and for every Chest of Tea, as in the said respective Acts are menti-

4 oned, under and subje£t to such Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Disabilities, as in the fame Act

4 are mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to vary the Time of paying the said Deposits Be it fur-

ther enacted. That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Provision made in the said recited

Acts, with respect to the Time of paying the said Deposits, shall cease ; and that in respect of all Tea fold

at the said Company’s Sales, at any Time from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said Depo-

fits shall be paid at such Times as herein-after are mentioned j (that is to say,) on all T*a of which any

7 Person

Direfi or? here-

after eleflcd to_

raKe the follow-

ing

Oah.

] S Geo. II. Cap#

26, and

13 Geo. III.

Cap. 44. recited#

Deposits for Tea

to be made at the-

Times herein

specified, inftrad

of those directed

by last resiled

Acts*

