A.B. 1790*

C. 61—72

Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for authorising and enabling the Right Honourable George Earl of Mount Edgcumbc and Reginald

Pole Careu\ Ekpiire, to establish and maintain a Common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between

a certain Place North ot Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel in the County of Devon., and

Torpaint in the Parish of Antony Saint 'Jacoby otherwise Antony in the Easty in the County of Cornwall.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for paying, cleansing, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for removing and

preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and for regulating the Porters and Drivers of

Carts, within the Borough of Truroy and Part of the adjoining Parishes in the County of Cornwall.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for preserving the Works made for supplying the Town of Bradford, in the County of Torky and

Part of the Township of Hertony in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, with Water; for the more easy

Recovery of the Rents for the said Water'» and to enable the Proprietors thereof to borrow Money for

the improving such Works,.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramfatey in the Parish of Saint Laurencgy in the Isle of Thanetr in the*

County of Kenty. as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish-

CAP. LXV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary

the Line of the said Canal Navigation; and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of com*

pieting the said Canal Navigation; and for other Purposes.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the City and Xownship of Peterborough.

CAP. LXVIL

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting* watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public

Passages and Places, within the City of Durhamy and Borough of FranrwelgatCy and the Suburbs thereof,

and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments,

and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets,

Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places \ and for regulating and improving the Markets within

the said City and Suburbs.

CAP. LXVIir.

An Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leedsy in the County of Torky with Water 2

and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and

Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstruc-

tiens therein.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for amending arid enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the

rwmtv-eiehth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pulling down the Church

if Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a new Churchy and making a

new Church Tardy or Cemetery, in the said Pari/hy with convenient Avenues and PaJ/ages thereto > and for

purchasing Pentonville Chapel, and making the same a Chapel of Ease to the said Church.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing an additional Burial Ground for

the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and eretting a Chapel adjoining' theretOy and also a Housefor the

Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Johny at Hackney, in the

County of MiddUfeXy and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and

for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Banlury, in the

County of Oxford, and for rebuilding the lame.

CAP.

C.

