C ^.Oi

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

vered out of such Warehouses, according to the Diregions of the said Act, shall be paid and payable accord-

ing to the Weight thereof when weighed on such Delivery out of such Warehouses.

1

III. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco or Snuff whatever shall be imported or brought into

Great Britain, from Foreign Parts, other wise than in Hogshead, Cade, Chest, or Cafe only, each of which

shall contain four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight Nett of Tobacco or Snuff, except as in and by the (kid

Act is otherwise particularly provided, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco as shall be imported con-

trary to this Act, together with the Hogsheads, Cades, Cherts, Cafes, or other Packages containing the feme j

any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ctpt u provided by the recited Act.

HoTohdcco (ex-

c*pt Spanish or

Portugal, and

Snuff) to be im-

ported trunu-

fafi tired, or in

any State of

Manufo&ure, on

Pain of For-

feiture. &c.

Tobacco import-

on or before

Oft. 10* 1789,

and remaining in

any Warehoo<e

on July s. «79°»

to be deemed

Tobacco import-

fioce Oft. to,

17S9.

Commissionere

of Uae Custama

and Excise may

eause damaged

or mean Tobac-

co to be tornt

within 3 Dayi

after Refusal to

pay the Duties.

C lac fie af recited

Act which pro-

hibits the reanu-

faftaring ot To-

bacco, iic. out

of the Limits of

tbt Excise Office

in London, ex-

cept the Places

therein specified, repealed.

VIII. And be it further eroded by tfit Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall set up or be-

gin, or cause or procure to be set up or begun, any Manufactory or Manufactories of Tobacco, Tobacco

Stalks, Spanish, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Place or Places whatsoever, which

shall be less than five Miles distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain (except in the Ports and

Places in the said A<t enumerated, into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, and except in any Place or

Places within three Miles of such Ports and Places respectively, and also except in Cities and the Suburbs

thereof, and Market Towns); and that no Entry of any House, Warehouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault,

or other Place, being less than five Miles distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain, and not be-

ing in such excepted Places, or any of them, as aforesaid, which shall be set up or begun for the manufacturing

any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be of any Ef-

fest or Avail, but shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons

manufacturing, or causing or procuring to be manufoftured, any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Snuff

Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any House, Warehouse, Shop. Room, Cellar, Vault, or other

Place^ situate and being in any Place or Places which shall be less than five Miles distant from any Part of the

Sea Coast of Great Britain, except in Places herein-before excepted, or any of them, shall, notwithstanding

any Entry of the lame, be deemed and taken to be a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff

4 without

Mo Manufactory

of Tobacco/ See.

to be set up with-

in 5 Miles of the

Sea Coart, except

in the Places in-

to which-Tobac-

co may be im-

ported, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tobacco fexcept Tobacco of the

Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations of Spain or and also except Snuff) shall be

imported or brought into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, either wholly or in Part manufactured, or in any

State or Degree of Manufacture, on Pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco, with the Hogsheads, Carts, Cherts,

Cafes, and other Packages respectively containing the feme, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on

board which the fame shall be lo imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and

Apparel; and such Tobacco, Hogsheads, Calks, Cherts, Cafes, and other Packages respectively, and also

such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized

by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or F.xcise.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco, which shall have been imported into Great Bri-

tain on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, shall, on the-fifth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, remain in any Warehouse or Warehouses which shall have

been appointed by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of depositing, lodging, and fe-

curing such Tobacco, all such Tobacco shall be, and shall be deemed and considered as Tobacco imported

int©-or*?< Britain after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and shall be

liable to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks, and no other, and shall be subject to all

and every the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions to which Tobacco imported into Great , after die

said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, is made subject and liable by virtue of

the said recited Act or this Act; and all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the several

Clauses, Powers, and Directions in the said recited Act contained, in respect of Tobacco imported after the

tenth Day of Oilober one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, shall extend, and be construed to extend,

and are hereby directed to extend, to all Intents and Purposes, to Tobacco imported on or before the tenth

Day of October one thousand seven hnndred and eighty-nine, and remaining in such Warehouses on die feid

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful for die respective Commissioners of the

Customs and Excise to cause damaged or mean Tobacco, for which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or

Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof shall reftife to pay the Dudes, to be burnt or destroyed at the

Ena of three Days next after such Refusal, if such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Con-

signee or Consignees, shall, during such Space of three Days, neglect orrefufe to pack such damaged or

mean Tobacco into Packages, containing not less than seven hundred and fifty Pounds Weighteach, accord-

ing to the Directions and Regulations in the said recited Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the

contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause of the said recited Act, and the

Matters therein contained, which prohibit any Person or Persons to manufefture, or to cause or procure to be

manufactured, out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in , any Tobacco,'Tobacco Stalks, Spa-

nish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Place

or Places whatsoever, other than and except the Places in the said Clause specified, and all Penalties, Fines,

and Forfeitures in the fame Clause mentioned, and every Proviso relating to the Matters of the (add Clause in

the said Act mentioned, or any of them, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed.

ing to the

Weight when

deliveied out of

the Warehouse.

Mo Tobacco or

Snuff to be im-

ported in Cafkfl»

containing less

than 4501b. on

Pjiin of For-

feit ore. &c. rx-

