168 C. 55. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III.

Notice to be

given to Persons

appointed

Agents or Ser-

vants to the Company.

A.D. 1791*

And that when any Person {hall be appointed Secretary of the said Company, Notice in Writing shall be

forthwith sent to, or left with or for him, at his usual Place of Rclidence, by the Chairman of the Court of

Directors at which he shall be so chosen, of such his EleCtion, and he shall by such Notice be required to

qualify himself without Delay for the said Office, by talcing the said Oath.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person {hall be appointed Agent or Servant of the

said Company, Notice thereof {hall be given or sent to, or left with or for him at his usual Place of Rcfi-

deuce, by Writing under the Hand'of the Secretary of the said Company for the Time being.

The Oath of

Agents or Ser-

vants.

Secretary, &c,

neglecting to

take the Oath,

his Office to be

void.

Meetings of

the Company.

One Gener.il

Court in a Year

at the lead to be

held.

For summoning

General Courts,

in Cafes of Fai-

lure to call them

by the Court of

Diiedtors.

For summorvng

General Courts

on Requisition

from nine Mem-

bers of the Com-

pany,

For removing

Directors for

Mismanage-

ment, and

chusing others

in their Places,

Company may

Bye Laws.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors {hall have Power and Authority

to administer to the Agents and Servants of the said Company the like Oath, mutatis mutandis, which

they are hereby authorised and impowered to administer to their Secretary.

XXVIII. And be it further enidted, That in case any Person to be elected Secretary, Agent, or

Servant of the said Company as aforesaid, {hall, for the Space of forty Days after such Nomination or

Election, and Notice thereof given or sent to, or left with or for him at his usual Place of Residence, by

Writing as herein-before is mentioned, neglect or refuse to take the respeChve Oath and Oaths hereby ap-

pointed to be taken as aforesaid, {hall refuse or neglect to take upon him or them, his or their Office or

Offices, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Office and Place of every such Person so neglecting or re-

fusing shall become vacant, and a new Election or Elections shall be made into such Place or Places as in

the respective Cafes is herein-before prescribed and mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Members of the said Company, quali-

fied as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to assemble and meet together at any convenient Place or Places,

for the Choice of the Directors of the said Company, according to the true Intent of this Act, and for

the making of Bye-Law’s, Ordinances, Rules, Orders, or Directions for the good Government thereof*

or for any other Affairs or Business concerning the said Company; and that all the Members of the said

Company, or so many of them as {hall be assembled (whereof the Chairman or Deputy Chairman to be

always one, except in such Cafes as herein-after are mentioned) shall be and be called a General Court of

the said Company, which Court shall aiFemble and meet together at such Times and in such Manner as

herein-after is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them for the

Time being, shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to summon and appoint one General

Court at lealt in every Year, between the first Day of January and the first Day of April.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times there shall be a Failure of holding a

General Court within the said Time, by the Default of the Court of Directors for the Time being, that

then and so often, and in every such Cafe, any five or more of the Directors of the said Company {hall and

may summon and call a General Court, which shall meet and be holden fomeTime in the Month of May

next after the Time in which such General Court should have been holden, upon the Summons of the major

’ Part of the Court of Directors of the said Company as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them for the.

Time being, shall, from Time to Time, upon Demand in Writing under their Hands, to be made by

any nine or more of the Members of the said Company, having each of them one full Share at lead in the

Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, solely or jointly, as herein-before is mentioned, within twenty

Days after such Demand, call a General Court to be held of the Members of the said Company; and if

the said Court of Directors, or the major Part of them, {hall refuse or neglecft to summon and call such

General Court, it {hall be lawful for the said nine or more Members, having each one full Share as afore-

said, upon fourteen Days Notice in Wiiting, to be published in the London Gazette, to summon and hold a

General Court of the said Company, and then and there to appoint one of themselves to be President or

Chairman of the General Court so to be holden, and to do and dispatch any Business relating to the Go-

vernment or Affairs of the said Company; and that in the General Court so to be called and holden, or in

any other General Court of the said Company, the Members then and there present may hear and debate

any Complaint that shall be made against any Director or Directors, for Mismanagement in his or their

Office or Offices; and if such Director or Directors shall not dear himself or themselves of such Complaint,

to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Members of the said Company, who shall be present at the said

General Court, then and in every such Cafe, within twenty Days next after such General Court, another

General Court shall be called and held of the Members of the said Company, fourteen Days Notice there-

of being given as aforesaid, finally to determine the fame by the Majority of Votes as aforesaid; and that

the said second General Court may, by the Majority of Votes as aforesaid, remove and displace any Di-

rector or DireCIors for such Mismanagement in his or their Office or Offices, and may elect some other

Person or Persons from out of the Members of the said Company, being qualified as herein-before is men-

tioned, to be DireCIor or Directors in Manner before prescribed, in the Room or Rooms, Stead or Steads

of such Person or Persons as {hall be removed or displaced, and that the Person or Persons so to be elected

{hall continue in such Office or Offices, until the Persons to be clcCted Directors at the then next ensuing

General Election, or the major Part of them, shall be (worn into their respective Offices.

XXXIII. And be it further enaCted, That the said Company shall have full Power, and they are hereby

authorised in the General Courts or Assemblies aforesaid, by Majority of Votes as afoicfaid,-to make and

constitute reasonable Laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Ordinances, from Time to Time, for, touching,

or concerning the Trade of the said Comoany, and for making Dividends of the Profits arising from their

Capital Joint Stock, and for the good Government of all or any other Adairs or Bufmels of the said

Company,

