325

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 3° 33*

Warrants shall be made out, is or are intitled to, with. Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company

of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons what foe ver,

all and every such Person or Persons so offending, and being in due Form of Law convicted of any such Of-

fence or* Offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for seven Years.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to-enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf

and account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue negotiable Notes for a limited Time, and to a

limited Amount.—[ 10th May 1793.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses

and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England {hall not be subject to any Penalties, by reason of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of

King Williafn and Queen Mary, on account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Ex-

change accepted by, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and made pay-

able at the Bank of England.—[7th May 1793.]

44 His Majesty may impower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received or Exchequer Bills to be made out

i; for 1,500,000l. any Time before January 5, 1794, agreeable to 33 George III. Cap. 11. Powers of 33

44 George III. Cap. 11. to extend to this Act, except as herein excepted. Loans or Exchequer Bills charge-

44 able on the first Aids granted next Session, and if not granted before July 5, 1794, to be paid out of the

44 Consolidated Fund. Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supplies#

44 Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act.”

VI. And whereas, by the said Act of the fifth and sixth. Years of the Reign of King JVUliam and Queen

4 Mary, it is among other Things enacted, That, if the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England,

the Directors, Managers, Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation so to be established, shall*

4 upon the Account of the said Corporation, at any Time or Times purchase any Lands or Revenues belong-

4 ing to the Crown, or advance or lend to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, any Sum or Sums of

4 Money by way of Loan or Anticipation on any Part or Parts, Branch or Brandies, Fund or Funds, of the

4 Revenues now granted or belonging, or hereafter to be granted or belonging to their Majesties, their Heirs

4 or Successors, other than such Fund or Funds, Part or Parts, Branch or Branches, of the said Revenues only,

4 on which a Credit or Loan is or shall be granted by Parliament, that then the said Governor, Deputy Go-

4 vernor, Directors, Managers, or Assistants, or other Members of the said Corporation, who shall consent,

4 agree to, or approve of the advancing or lending to their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, such Sum or

4 Sums of Money as aforesaid, and each and every of them, so agreeing, conlcntipg, or approving, and being

4 thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble the Value of every such Sum or Sums

4 of Money so lent;’ be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in the said

Provisions, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be construed to extend to subject, or to have

subjecded,' the said Governor, Deputy Governor, the Directors, Managers, Assistants, or other Members of

the said Corporation, to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for or by reason of having advanced or lent, or for or by

reason of advancing or lending in future, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of paying any Bills of

Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England, but not specifically charged, lent, or advanced on any

Part or Parts, Branch or Branches, Fund or Funds of the Revenues granted or belonging to his Majesty.

fically lent

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That an Account of all Sums of Money which shall, after

the passing of this Act, be advanced or lent for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Course of any one Year, thall

be annually laid before Parliament by the Cafhier of the Bank of England, within fourteen Days alter the

Expiration of the said Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if not, within fourteen Days after the

Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act

for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and/or the letter Payment of Debentures at the Cujlcm House,

which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Gar/Ion

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Saltworks at Liverpool.—[30th April 1793.]

44 1 Anna, Cap. 21, recited. So much of which as prohibits the refining of Rock Salt, WV. except within

44 ten Miles of the Pits from whence taken, is repealed with respect to the Works at Garston. Power given

44 to erect Salt Pans, fjfc. at Garston. As soon as the new Salt Work shall be begun to be used, 5the Works

44 at Liverpool to be discontinued. This Act not to diminish Duties. Plow Fines may be recovered, and

44 applied. Publick Act.”

CAP#

5 and 6 W. and

M. Cap 10.

not to fubjift the

Bank to any Pe-

nal y forathano

ing Money to

pay I ills of

change accepted

by the Treasury,

but n t speci-

: cd the Revenue#

Account of

Money so ad>

vanced to be an-

nually laid

be f;re Farlia-*

ment.

