467

A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 75, 76.

said Commissioners for the Time being, in his own Name to commence one or more Action or Actions, Suit

or Suits, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at tVcJlminJhr, against such Executors, Administrators,

or Alligns, or other Personas aforesaid, for the Recovery of the fame, in^which Action no Eflbin, Protcdion,

or Wager at Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXV f. And, for the more easy and fpceay Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Act, and this

present Act, be it further enacted, 1'hat all and every Justice and Justices btf >re whom any Person or Per-

l'or.s shall be convicted of any Offence against: the said recited Act, or this present Act, shall and may cause

the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or any other Form of Words to the fame

Effect; (that is to say,)

44 7 VE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Tear of the

*4 to wit. 3 Reign of his Majesty King A. B. is [or are] conviftctl before me C. D. one

44 of his Mayfly's 'Jujiiccs of the Peace for the City of London, by virtue of an Jit7 of Parliament

, 44 made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

u [Here set forth the Title of the Act, and specify the Offence, and Time and Place when and

44 where the fame was committed, as the Cafe shall be.] Given under my Hand and Seal, the

44 Day and Tear above written”

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Pro-

ceedings, relating to or concerning the Execution of this present Act, or of the said recited Act, any Inha-

bitant within the said City or Liberties shall be a competent Witness, and be admitted to give Evidence, not-

withstanding such Inhabitant is charged with or liable to pay any Rate by virtue of this Act, or the said re-

cited Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any

Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby appointed, such

Person may, within six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Juf-

tices of Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said City of London, such Appellant

first giving, or causing to be given, eight Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to ex-

hibit such Appeal, and the Matter thereof, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and within four Days

after giving such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said City,

with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of, an:l pay such Costs

as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sections ; and the said Justices at such Sef-

fions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid,

shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such

Costs to the Party appealing, or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and the Determination of such

Justices shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted. That no Rate or Aftefiment, or any Proceeding to be had touching

any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to any Complaint, C011-

viction, or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act,

fhalf be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at WeshninJlcr, by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever ; any Law, Sta-

tute, or Usage, to the contrary tiotwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Perlor.s shall be subject or liable to

the Payrren. of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures infiided by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, for

any Offence or Offences against this Act, or the said recited Act, unless some Proceedings shall be had ac-

cording to the Directions of this Act, respecting such Offence or Offences within six Calendar Months next

after the Offence committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That alt and every the Provisions, Powers,-Articles, Clauses, Impofi-

tiens, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things in the said recited Act

enacted, contained, or prescribed, and not hereby varied or altered, or otherwise provided for, shall be and

continue of full Force and Effect, and fh?.ll be likewise applied and extended to this Act, as fully and eftedu-

ally, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the lame had severally and respectively been expressly re-

peated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall be deemed, adjudged, taken, and allowed to

be a Publiclc Ad; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons what-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the

islands adjacent.—[17th June 1793-]

* TT* O R the better Administration of Justice in the Island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacenthe

Xj enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTembied, and by the Authority of the

fame. That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his Commission under the Great Seal, to institute

a Court

Form of Con-

viction.

Inhabitants may

be Wimefle#.

Per'on* ag«

g*iev<*d n av ap-

peal to the Ge-

ner*1 or <,Ju.mer

Scili joe.

Rates and Pro-

ceedings not to

be qu «flied for

Want of Form ;

or removed by

Certiorari.

Proceedings to

be within fix

Months.

Powers of for-

mer Aci extend-

to this Att.

Publick AG.

His Majesty,

under the Great

