324

Comfflf ncement

of AdV.

A formations

may be adminif-

tered.

A(\ may be al-

leied or repealed

in this Session,

Ferfot»« makinf*

or afijfiling in

rmkinp, Trans-

fers of Stock in

any other Names

than the Owners,

guilty of Felony .$

al£> Persons

forpinp, or assist-

ing in forging.

Transfer?, &c.

and also Persons

making,or abid-

ing in making,

faife Entries in

the Bo <ks of the

Bank., &c.

Persons making

out, &c. faife

Dividend War-

rants to be

transported for

*4 Yea;s.

C* 29, 3°. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. . A.D. 1793.

lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and {hall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without ,

Benefit of Clergy.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this A61 shall commence from and immediately after the lame

shall have received the Royal Assent.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where an Oath may be administered by this Act, it shall

be lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the Cafe may require.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied,

or repealed, by any Ac! or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament,

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several

Funds transferable at the Bank of England.—[30th April 1793.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in being have been found inefficient to prevent Forgeries and Frauds

in the transferring Stocks, Annuities, and other publick F unds, transferrable at the Bank of England:

4 And whereas, for the better preventing such Forgeries and Frauds in future, it isneceflary that further Pro-

4 vision should be made, as well to prevent Frauds practised by Persons taking upon themselves to make

4 Transfers, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of Stock or Annuities, or

4 other Funds, transferrable as aforesaid, whereof such Persons are not the true Owners and Proprietors, as

4 to prevent Forgeries of such Transfers in the Names of the true Owners or Proprietors: And whereas

4 it is also necessary, the better to prevent such Forgeries and Frauds, that the publick Accounts between

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and the several Owners and Proprietors of Stock,

4 Annuities, and other Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England, should be secured from Falfification

4 by Means of faife Entries therein, or' of the Alteration of any of the Words or Figures thereof, or by

4 any other Ways or Means whatsoever :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand (even hundred and ninety-three, if any

Person or Persons shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share

of or in any Stock or Stocks, Annuity or Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable at the Bank of Eng-

land, in any of the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in which Transfers

of Stock, Annuities, or other P'unds, as aforesaid are made, in the Name or Names of any Person or Per-

fons not being the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Stock, Annuities, or other

Funds, transferrable as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, or any other Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, such Person or

Persons so making, or assisting in making, such Transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony,

and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall,

from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, falicly make, forge, or

counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shal! willingly abl or assist

in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting of tany Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share of or in

any Stock or Stocks, Annuity or Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable, or which, by any Abl or Acts

of Parliament, shall hereafter be made transferrable, at the Bank of England, or of or in the Capital Stock

belonging, or which hereafter shall or may belong to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, called Bank Stock, or shall utter or publish as true any such faife, forged, or counterfeited Trans-

fer as aforesaid, knowing the lame to be faife, forged, or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud the said Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or

Persons whatsoever; all and every Person or Persons whatsoever lb offending shall be deemed guilty of Fe-

lony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

111. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of May.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make, or assist in

making, any faife Entry, or shall wilfully alter, or assist in altering, any Woid or Figure in any Entry in the

Books of Account kept by the said, Governor and Company of the Bank of England, wherein the several.

Accounts of the Owners or Proprietors of Stock, Annuities, or other Funds, transferrable at the Bank of

England^ are entered and kept, or shall in any Manner wilfully falsify the Accounts of such Owners and

Proprietors in the Books of the said Governor and Company, wherein such Accounts arc entered and kept,

with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Poli-

tick t>r Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons ib offending shall be

deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And whereas, in order to cover and conceal Forgeries and Frauds in 'Transfers, Dividend Warrants

4 have been sometimes made out for different Sums than the Sums really due j’ be it therefore fur thee enabled

by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk, Officer, or Servant of, or other Person or Persons employed

or intruded by, the said Governor and Company shall, from and after the said te ith Day of May one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-three, knowingly or willingly make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be made

out or delivered, 01* willingly 2<St or assist in the making out or delivering, of any Dividend Warrant for a

greater or less Amount than the Person or Persons, on whose Behalf, or pretended Behalf, such Dividend

Warrants

