[S2?] C. 40. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794,

44 fnier may deliver Tickets not exceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscrtbed; and shall give Re-

44 ceipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the Value of the Tickets so delivered. Contributors,

C4 not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Depoftts, and the Tickets to be

44 returned to the Managers, iffc. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c. as they

44 shall think fit. The 500,000l. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, -to be charged on any Sup-

44 plies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on July t, 1795,

44 iffc. Managers to give Notice of the 'l imes for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be

44 numbered, Uc. and signed, ifc. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Ex-

44 pences attending the Execution of this Act. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-

44 Monies, or for Receipts, ifc. on Penalty of 20/. No Person to take down the Numbers of the Tickets

44 at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Clerk, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed by the

44 Commissioners of Stamps, to provide Books, which shall be damped on every Leaf. Commissioners

4,4 to grant such Licences only on Account of licensed Lottery Offices. Unlicensed Persons taking

44 down or publishing the Numbers of Tickets drawn, iffc. to forfeit j/. On Complaint, the Magi.

44 if rates of London may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders. Ferlons in the actual Commission of

44 such Offence may be apprehended by any Person, and carried before a Magi fixate, who may commit the

44 Offender if Penalty be not paid. Informers and Constabies entitled to the Penalties. Persons summoned

44 as WitndTes not appearing, iffc. to forfeit '50!. Form of Conviction. Penalty may be mitigated. Con-

44 victions not removeable. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a Licence for dealing iti

44 Lottery Tickets, unlds it shall appear that the Party is of good Character and Reputation, and

44 able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and lie shall have deposited a certain Number of

44 Tickets, iffc. Persons to whom Licences are granted, to give Bond agreeably to 22 Geo. III.

44 Cap. 47. At the End of twelve Months after Expiration of Licences, the Commissioners may give up

44 Bonds, or put them in Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting to depoiit or divide into Snares 50 Ticketsto

44 be void; and the Defaulters to be publrshed in the Gazette, iffc. In Cafes where Licences under

44 22 Geo. III. Cap. 47, are declared void, in such Cafes Licences granted after the Commencement of this

44 A(hall be void for Offences against this Act, or 27 Geo. III. Cap. 1. Licences may be refused to Per-

44 Tons convicted. Persons continuing on their Houfbs the Words Lkcnfed, iffc. after Expiration of jtheir

44 Licences, iffc. to forfeit 20/. Executors, ifc. may be authorized to carry on Business for the Residue of

44 the Terms of Licences. No "Pickets to be divided into any ocher Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighth?,

44 and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50/. A pplication and Recovery of Penalties. Form of Shares of Tickets.

44 Persons counterfeiting Shares, iffc. guilty of Felony.”

Persons having XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to have in his

in their Cudcuy or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift of the

ny Keynieror Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act, other than complete Numerical Registers or

but ^h-ieha6' Lifts containing all the Tickets in the said Lottery, in Books of tire respective Dimensions and damped in

partivuUr'ited Manner herein directed, or such Numerical Lift of each Day's Drawing, as shall be printed and pub-

V lUhed under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and Directors, or true and full Copies

thereof respectively; nor for any Person or Persons to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy

thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Order, Course, or Priority of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other

than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong, under this Act, as being first or last drawn on any Day;

- nor to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in

which any such Ticket shall be drawn on any Day, or in any Manner whatever, either by writing or print-

ing, to mark, denote, or signify, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such

Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid; and if any Person or persons ’(hall knowingly

keep or have in his or their Custody or Pofi'dfion, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Re-

gifter or Lift containing any Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lottery, other than such Numerical Registers

or Lifts, or Copies thereof as aforesaid, or shall set down in any Register or Lift whatever, either by writing

or printing, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other

than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong as aforesaid, or any Marks, Figures, or Numbers, to

mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of such Drawing, except asaforc-

or keeping any feid > or by himfeU, or themselves, or by any other or others, keep any Office, Shop, or Place, for

Place for exa. examining, or in such Office, Shop, or Place, shall examine, or cause to be examined, for any other Person

mining Ticket?, or Persons, or permit any other Person or Persons to examine any Number or Numbers of such Tickets,

hi MDy ?jhcr . whether with or without Reward, by any Register or Lift of Tickets whatever, other than such Numerical

iaiTift Z7o Register or Lift* ora true Copy thereof as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons keeping or causing to-be

forfeit 50I. kept any Register or Lift of Tickets in the said Lottery, shall give, or cause or procure to be given, any

Notice or Information whatever to any Person or Persons of the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day

of drawing any Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so

offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Lift or Register or Copy as afore-

said, made contrary to the Directions of this A61, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any

Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Commissioners of the

Stamp Duties in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production

thereof

Gooooie

