3*0

In Proceeding!

seainst Obligors

i\o Writ of Scire

facias requifiie,

&c#

After du? Pay-

ment of Sums

advanced with

lmereft, Obli-

gations to be

cancelled*

In ft ailments

may be paid in

Money, or Ex-

chequer Bilb

payable not later'

thap i $ Days

thereafter.

Commissioners

may authorize

the fJ-nk to

employ Monies

pai.i, in Hurchafe

ot txchtquer

Bills.

After Payment

cf Sums ad-

vanced determined by the

Ci>mmU!ianerst

O ili^i'ions with

.Sureties to ftznd

a* further Secu-

re iiN for the

P n poles herein

rr.aativucd.

C. 29. Anno triegfimo tertio Georg ij 1,11. A*. D. 1793;

tered into any Security for the Sum advanced, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators,’

for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Securities as shall be then due, together with

Interest as aforesaid, and such Cods and Charges attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the.

fame ; the Amount of which Principal Sums 10 to be levied tnc said Commissioners ihail cause from Time to*

Time to be tellihed by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any tvvoor more of them, to such Officer

or Officers, and which Sum shall be inferred in the Writ or Procels, and the like Process dial 1 and may

from Time to Time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require ; and tnc Sums so recovered (theCofts and

Charges aforesaid excepted) (h ill be paid to the fa-d Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, without

Abatement, Deduction, or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands; and it shall be in the Discretion of the

said Commissioners to direct against which of the Obligors in such Security such Proceedings shall be from

Time to Time commenced 01 prosecuted ; and the said Commissioners shall have the Controul and Super’m*

tendance of such Prosecutions, and the fame shall not be discontiiiu^d, quaihed, or abated, upon any Pretence*

whatever, without the Authority of the said Commissioners, tdtihed undjr the Hands and Seals of any twa

or more of them,-and exhibited to the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or to*

the Court of Exchequer in Scs land, as the Cafe may rcqtrre.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed by the

said Commiffixoners as aforesaid against any of the Obligors or Obligor name*! in any such Obligation* no

Writ or Writs of Scire facias (hull be required to be iileed, but that upon the Production of the Warrant

or Warrants of the said Commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said respective

Courts of Exchequer, and in case such intended Proceeding shall be against any Sureties or Surety, then

upon Proof of Notice having been served upon such Party or Parties, or left at his or their usual Place or

Places of Abode respectively, ten Days at lead before such Application shall be made to such Baron, an

Extent shall and may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron without any Affidavit, or

other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding, than such Warrantor Warrants as afore*

said.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as

aforesaid, at the Times and in the Manner herein specified, every such Obligation entered into in purfuanoe

of this Act, being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith

delivered up to be Cancelled ; and in case any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Di-

rections of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, by tl eir Warrant or War-

rants, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Sitif-

faction on such Obligation or Obligations so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to

deliver up the fame to be cancelled, as the Cafe may require.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Installments of the

Sums advanced by virtue of this Act may be made either in Money or in any of the Exchequer Bills to be

issued by virtue of this Act, which shall have become due at the Time of such Payment, or which ihail be

payable at a Period not later than fifteen Days next after the Day appointed by this Act for the Payment of

such lnftallment, in Discharge of which such Exchequer Bills shall be paid.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis-

sioners appointed by this Act, by Writing uncer the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of them, to au-

thorize the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England to employ any Monies which shall be paid as afore-

said in the Purchase of any Bills which shall be payable at the Period then next ensuing, and shall write

thereon, in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they so purchased such

Bills, to which respediyc Days the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be allowed the Interest upon his or their

paying the fame into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid ; provided that no Interest shall run or be paid

upon or for any such Bills during the Time they shall remain in the Hands of such Caftiier or Cashiers, but

for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XXXItl. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation with any Sureties or Surety to be taken ac-

cording to this Act, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced

or lent, with all Interests and Costs, in the Manner required by this Act, shall (land and remain as a fur-

ther Security for the Purposes and in the Manner herein-after mentioned ; (that is to say,) If any Surety or

Sureties upon such Obligation, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators,shall have paid or satisfied any Parc

of such Sums, Interest, or Costs, then such Obligation, as against the principal Obligor or Obligors, hisoc

the:r Htirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall Itand as a Security as aforesaid, for the Rcimbursement to

such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the Whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied,.

and lo from Time to Time, until such Reimbursement shall he fully made, according to the Intent of this

-Act; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satis-

fied a Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the Whole of the Sums recovered upon such Obligation,

than the Sum for which such Surety respectively shall have been bound, shall bear to the total Amount of

ali the several Sums of Money for which all the several Sureties shall have been bound by such Obligation,

then such Obligation, as against each and every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal

Proportion of the whole Sum recovered, according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively

bound, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, shall stand as a Security for

the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or Administrators respedaYely, who shall have paid or

7 Luisfiei

