A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 34—36. 329

.Duties imposed, and Drawbacks allowed by virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the twenty-seventh ble to 27 Geo.

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are raised, levied, collected, applied, recovered*, allowed, and JU* Gap. 13.

paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and

Authorities of the said recited Act were repeated and enated in the Body of this present Act.

XV. And be it further enated by the Authority aforesaid, That this At shall continue in force during Aflro continue

the present Hostililies with France; but that the fame, or any Part thereof, may be varied or ^altered du- durin& Dre-

ring the present Session of Parliament. Host

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty ^for the better Relief and Employment of the "Poor.—[7th May 1793']

4 TTE/’HERE A by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, iz Gcv tn.

4 ▼ V (intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor,) it was among other 7'hings Gap. 83 recited*

4 enacted, That whenever two third Parts in Number and Value, according to the Poor Rate, of the

4 Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within any Parish, Township, or Place,

4 qualified as thereafter mentioned, should, at any Time after the passing of that Act, at a publick Meet-

4 ing to be holden pursuant to the Directions of that Act, signify their Approbation of the Provisions therein

4 contained, and their Desire to adopt them : And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether it be necessary

J that two third Parts in Number and Value as aforesaid, of the whole Number of Persons so qualified as

4 aforesaid, should at such publick Meeting signify their Approbation and Desire as aforesaid P Be it there-

fore declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- Two thirds in

rity of the fame, That whenever two third Parts in Number and Value as aforesaid, of such qualified Per- Number and

fons only, as have actually attended, or may hereafter actually attend, at such publick Meeting, have there Vall,c°fPcr-

signified, or may hereafter there signify, their Approbation of the Provisions in the said Act contained, and ^codi”'1

their Desire to adopt them, according to the Form and Manner prescribed by the said Act, such Approba- ^(ce°d

tien and Desire so signified, or to be hereafter so signified, as aforesaid, have been, and (hay be, and are hereby shall artend any

declared to be, a due and sufficient Compliance with the abcve-recited Provision of the*said Act, according publick Mce^-

to the true Intent and Meaning of the fame. and

their Approba-

tien of the Provisions thereof, fufiuienr.

II. 4 And whereas also the Duty of Guardian of the Poor, under the said Act, in certain Parishes, Town-

4 ships, or Places, on account of the Extent and Population thereof, has been found to be more than one

c Person could fully and properly execute : And whereas also it is desirable to prevent such Disputes arid Li-

4 tigations as might arise concerning the Relief of such casual Poor as may happen to be within any one of

4 the Parishes,Townships, or Places united or to be united together for the Purposes of the said Act :* Be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever two third Parts, in Number and VHueas

aforesaid, of the said Persons so qualified, and actually attending at such publick Meeting as aforesaid, shall

nominate and recommend to the Consideration of the Justices of the Justices of the Peace of the County, ihree ferions

Riding, Division, District, City, Town, or Place where such Meeting shall be holden, three able and qualified for

discreet Persons qualified for Guardians of the Poor for such Parish, Township, or Place, and shall fix Guardians of the

the Salary to be paid to such Guardian, according to the Manner and Form prescribed by the said Act; &c#

and shall also, at the said publick Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, signify their Opinion to the

said Justices, that, on account of the Extent and Population of such Parish, Township, or Place, more

than one Guardian of the Poor is necessary for the fame; and shall express their Desire that two of the

three Persons so nominated and recommended as aforesaid, may be appointed Guardians of the Poor for

such Parish, Township, or Place, it shall and may be lawful for such of the said Justices as are already em-

powered by the said Act to appoint one Guardian for such Parish, Township, or Place, to comply with

the said Dafire, and to appoint two Guardians accordingly.

III. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the passing of this Act, all Casual Poor to

such casual Poor, as may happen to be within, and would be entitled to Relief from, any one of such Pa- be.relieved by

riflies, Townships, or Places as have been, or may hereafter to be, united together for the Purposes of the con'oinu"1^*

Act herein-before first mentioned, shall be relieved by all the said Parishes, Townships, or Places conjointly, crnj',ln

and in the fame respective Proportion as they shall raid are directed to contribute for the general Purposes of

the said Act, according to the Provisions and Regulations in the said Act specified and contained.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of

Fencible Men, in that Parr of Great Britain called Scotland> and in certain other Corps

which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.—[71I1 May 1793.]

4 \X7 PI ERE AS, by the Laws now in being for raising and training the Militia wiihin that Part of

4 /Vy Great Britain called England^ it is provided, that the Acceptance of a Commission in the said

U u 2 4 Militia

