6c6

Millra, when

disembo^irC, tQ

he lijble only to

the Orders they

vver- before

drawn out.

H )w th? P.iy,

Arc. of the Mi-

ll' Ja is to be de-

frayed.

Comm'flirn«*ct

to vacate Srars,

nor Officer liab’e

tofer?c asSher.ft'.

Votets not

puni/haMe for

poinn to Elec-

tien?, Ac.

Colorel to re-

turn St«te of the

Regiment when

Called out to

Annual Exer-

cife, See.

Personi serving

in the Militia

notliaMetofe re

? Peace Officers,

&c.

When in actual

Eerviic, an

A e >t may be

appointed.

33 Geo. Ill,

Cip. g.

34. Geo, III,

Cap. 47,

and 34 Gro. III.

Cap. 16, t,) e*-

Und to this Act.

14 Geo. II. Cap.

44, to extend to

theXommission-

ers and AflrlT rs

under this Act.

The Commis-

fiocer? rruy or-

der the Ncn-

comm'shun Of-

fuerr, with Of-

ftteis, 10 be put

C. 81. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.I>. X794.

and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Tnfurrc&ion within this Realm of Great Britain, not exceeding

the Distance of twelve Miles from the said Ciiy, or to the neared Place of Encampment, and the other

Regiment shall remain in the City of London^ for the Defence of the said City, and the Suburbs thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia, or Part thereof, having been so drawii

out into actual Service as aforesaid. Avail be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Private Men

thereof dismissed, to return to their fevera! Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers,

Drummers, and Private Men, shall be subject to the lame Orders, Directions, and Engagements only, as

they were iubject to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service as

aforesaid.

XXXVI. Ar.d be it further enacted, That for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloth’ng, Tro-

phies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it shall be lawful for the said Commissionerb to

continue to raise and levy in every Year, in Manner hereinbefore directed, the Proportion of one Month’s

Tax, amounting to four thouEnd six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence,

which the said City hath been used to pay, by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year

of the Reign of his Lte'Mujelly King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the

several Counties of the Kingdom; and in Addition thereto the Receiver-General of the Land Tax for the

laid City shall and is hereby required to issue and pay annually, to the Treasurer appointed by the said

Commissioners, so much Money as shall be necessary, in Aid of the Trophy Tax, towards the said Ex pence

of training, exercising, paying, and keeping in Readiness, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia;

and the Receipt of the said Treasurer so appointed shall be a Efficient Discharge to the said Receiver-Gene-

ral for the Money so to he issued and paid by him.

XXXVII. And be it further emdteJ, T hat the Acceptance of a Commission in the said Militia shall not

vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament; and that no Person being an Officer of tnc

said Militia shall be compelled to fcive the Office of Sheriff’.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of the said Militia, or a Private

Militiaman of the said Militia, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Ab-

fence duting the Time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or

during the l ime he shall be returning from such Election.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Offier of each Regiment

shall, and is hereby required, as often as the said Regiment shall be called out to Annual Exercise as before

directed, to return to the said Commissioners a true Mate of such Regiment; and in case the Colonel or

Commanding Officer of either or both Regiments shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of three Months after

the said Annual Exercise, so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, I’hat no Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer of the said Militia, nor

any Private Man from the 'Time of his Inrohnent until he shall be regularly discharged from the said

Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty’s

Sea Forces.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia Avail be drawn out into actual Service,

and during the Time they Audi continue in actual Service, the said Commissioners may appoint an Agent

to the said Militia, and the said Commissioners (lull take Security from such Agent.

XLIL And be it further enacted, I’hat every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing contained in an

Abt of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

provide for the Families of Peifens chosen by Lot to serve in the ABUtia of this Kingdom, and 0/ Substitutes

Jerving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present

Ala) felys Reign, intituled,iC An Act fear amending, and reducing into one Ad cf Parliament, the Laws relating

“ to the Alihtia in that Part of Great Britain called England and also in an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act,pafefed in the last Seffon of Par-

li ament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Perfens chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this

u Kingdom, and of Sulfelitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the

u twenty-Jixih Year of his present Majrjly, intituled, u An Act for a mendings and reducing into one Ad of Par-

<v liament, the Laws relating to the Militia of that Part cf Great Britain called England and also an Act

made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the AIi/itiay shall be deemed

to extend to the Families of the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Fifers, Substitutes, and Volunteers of

the said Militia.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering feujhces of tht

Peace more feefe in the Execution of their Office \ and for indemnifying Cotijlables and others ad. ing in Obe-

dience to their IKarrants, shall extend to his Majesty’s said Commissioners, and the Assess’ors acting in the

Execution of this Act, or any other which relates to the said Militia, in like Manner, and as fuily and ef-

fectually, as the fame extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That, when the said Militia shall not be embodied according to the

Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, when and so often as it shall

seem to them requii&tc and necessary, to order the Serjeants and Corporals of the said two Regiments, or so

many as to them may seem fit, to be put in Possession of their Clothes, Arms, and Accoutrements, and7

with their proper Officers, or such Officers as they shall appoint, to be kept in constant Readiness to be put

under

