39®

per Cwt. left

than the Bounty

to be for

•refined Su*ar

exported in any

other Chan Bii-

..liih Vaflcli,

>9 Geo. III.

«• p. $S, recited.

In place of Six-

pence, irrposed

by the recited

Act, only three

Halfpence per

'Week per Hogs-

h« act to be p* id

for Warehouse

Room.

He Ited Act not

to autn r *e the

Sale *f vrare-

housed Tobacco

f<>r Paymen of

the Duties un-

leis n t cleared

in three Veara.

C. 56, 57. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Geo it on III. A.D. 1793.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from this Kingdom of any re-

fined Sugar in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law,

there shall be paid and allowed one Shilling less Bounty for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar

so exported, than if the fame had been exported in a British Ship or Veilcl, so owned, navigated, and regis-

tered, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better Regulation of warehoused Tobacco, and for permitting certain To-

bacco of the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Entry on the Payment of the British

Plantation Duty.—[17th June 1793.]

c T X J HEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

* VV tituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on 7 obacco and Snuff and for granting new Duties in lieu

4 thereof, it is among other Things enacted, That the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the

* Time being, or any four or more of them, and the CommmiiEoners of the Customs in Scotland for the

* Time being, or any three or more of them, should, and they respectively are thereby authorized and re-

4 quired, out of any of the Duties or Revenues of Customs under their Management respectively, to pro-

4 vide from Time to Time such Warehouse and Warehouses as they respectively should deem requisite and

4 necessary for depositing, lodging, and securing therein, all such T obacco as foould be imported according

4 to the Directions of the said Act; and in the said Act it is provided and enabled. That the Proprietor or

* Proprietors of unmanufactured Tobacco should pay \V arehoule Relit, after the Rate of Sixpence per Week

4 for each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Cafe, of such T obacco as should remain in such Ware-

4 house or Warehouses after the Ex pi ration of eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day on which the

4 Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignces of such Tobacco, should have

4 made his or their Entry thereof, according to the Directions of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient,

4 that instead and in lieu of the said Warehouse Relit, of Sixpence per Week for each and every Hogshead,

4 Cask, Chest, or Cafe, of unmanufactured Tobacco, to be paid in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of three

4 Halfpence per Week only shall in future be paid for each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Cafe \

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and*by the Authority of

the fame. T hat from and after the passing of this Act, instead and in lieu of Sixpence per Week, to be paid

by any Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, for each and every

Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Cafe of unmanufactured Tobacco, now or hereafter to be warehoused pur-

suant to the Directions of the said ACt, the Sum Only of three Halfpence per Week, for each and

every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Cafe of such Tobacco, and no more, mall be paid by them, or

either of them.

II. 4 And whereas by the said recited ACt, it was among other Things also enacted. That if the Import-

4 ers, Proprietors, or Consignees, of any Tobacco which should be deposited in any Warehouse provided

4 according to the Directions of the said ACt, should omit, neglect, or reiufe to clear or take any Tobacco

4 from or out of any such Warehouse, within twenty-four Months, to be computed from the Day on which

4 the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of such Tobacco should have made their Entries thereof in

4 Writing, according to the Directions of the said Act, or should omit, neglect, or rcfule to pay or clear off

4 any of the Duties imposed or payable for or in respect of such Tobacco within such twenty-four Months,

4 it should be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the T ime being, or any four or

4 more of them, and for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or

4 more of them, and for the Commissioners of the Excise in England and Scotland refiiedtively, or the major

4 Part of them respectively for the Time being, to cause all such Tobacco to be publickly sold to the best

4 Bidder: And whereas, for the Promotion and Encouragement of the Tobacco Trade, it is expedient, that

4 the Term for keeping 'Tobacco in the said Warehouses should be extended be it therefore further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, 'That nothing in the said recited Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

authorize the Sale of any Tobacco towards satisfying the Duties thereby imposed, unless the Importer, Pro-

prietor, or Consignee of such T'obacco, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to clear or take such Tobacco from or

out of any Warehouse or Warehouses, in which the fame shall have been, or may hereafter be deposited,

lodged, or secured, within three Years, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer, Proprietor, or

Consignee of such Tobacco, should or ought to have made his, her, or their Entry thereof in W ruing, ac-

cording to the Dircdtions of the said recited Act.

III. 4 And whereas by the said recited Act it was also enacted, That the Importers, Proprietors, or Con-

4 signecs of any Tobacco deposited in any Warehouse provided according to the Directions of the said Act,

4 should forthwith feparaieali the damaged and mean T obacco, for which they respectively fhculd refuse to

4 pay the Duties by the said Act imposed, from the RcTidue of such Tobacco : And whereas it is expedient

4 that the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any such Tobacco, should be permitted and allowed in

4 like Manner to separate all the damaged and mean Tobaccoffrom the Residue of such Tobacco, previous

* so weighing such Tobacco, cither for Exportation or for Home Trade, Consumption, or ATanufacture

be

Laooooie

