440

A& not to ex-

tend to Perftns

having a Licence

to retiil Foreign

Spirits,

l’erfons retailing

any other Spirits

than plain Aqua

Vitae, to take

out Licences as

required by 50

Geo. III. Cap.

3*.

Persons felling

less than Half a

Gallon English

of Aqua Vi’te,

to be deemed

Ketaiieis.

No Person to

have a Retail

Licence, who

shal! not have a

Beer Licence;

nor any Distiller,

Ac.

Wholesale

Dealers in any

othfer Spiiits

than plain Aqua

Vita*, except li-

ctnfed Distillers,

Arc. to take out

Licences as

Lrandy Dealers,

agiceably to 24

Geo. 111. Stir.

Cap. 41.

Wholefele

Dealers in Aqua

Vita?, not being

Distillers, Ac. to

take out a 3 I.

Licence*

Penalty on

Wholesale

Dealers felling

less than certain

Quantities,

C. 69. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793*

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail such Spirits within

the several Counties and JDiflricSts of the Highlands of Scotland, (the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony, or

Regality therein excepted,) there shall be charged the yearly Sum of one Pound.

/

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel any Person to take out a Licence to retail Spirits

called Aqua Vita, who shall have duly obtained an Excise Licence for retailing Foreign Spirits under the Laws,

now in force in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained {hall extend to exempt any Person or Persons in Scotland, who shall retail any Spirits distilled from

Melasses, Sugar, or Foreign Materials, or any Compound Spirits whatever, or any distilled Spirituous Li»-

quors, or Strong Waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg*

or British Materials, from taking out a Licence for that Purpose in the Manner directed and required by the.-

said Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and eVery Person and Persons, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall fell, offer or expose to Sale, any Spirits, made or diililled1

from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, commonly called and known by the

Name of Aqua Vita, unmixed or mixed with themselves or any other Ingredients, in any less Quantity than

Haifa Gallon, EngliJJj Wine Measure, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of such Spirits

within the Meaning of this Act ; and if any Spirits, made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer*

Bigg, or other British Materials, commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vita, unmixed or mixed;

with themselves or any other Ingredients, {hall at any Titpe be fold, offered or exposed to Sale, by. any Person-

or Persons whatsoever, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in any Quantity less than Half a Gallon

Enolish Wine Measure, such felling, offering or exposing to Sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing;

of such Spirits, within the Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons {hall be licensed as

aforesaid, for retailing Spirits, unless he, she, or they {hall also be duly licensed and authorized by the Justicos

or Magistrates to fell Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Licence or Licences for the retailing

of such Spirits as aforesaid, {hall be granted to any Person or Persons who do or shall at the Time exercise the

Trade of a Distiller, Reftificr, Grocer, or Chandler, or keep a Toil Bar, or a Brandy Shop or Shops, for

Sale of any Spirituous Liquors, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and any Licence which {hall

be granted to any such Person or Persons, or to any other Person or Persons for his, her, or their Benefit or

Use, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, every Person or Persons in Scotland^ who {hall fell, or

deal in by Wholesale, any Spirits made or distilled from Melasses, Sugar, or Foreign Materials, or any

Compound Spirits, or Distilled Spirits, Liquors, or Strong Waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, distilled

from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, not being a licensed Distiller or

Distillers, Reftifier orReftifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Retailer or Retailers, of Spirits, shall be

subject; and liable to take out and pay for a Licence for that Purpose, in the Manner directed and required in

the Cafe of Brandy Dealers, or Persons felling Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, by an Act, made in the

twenty-fourth \rear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Li-

cences to be taken out by the Makers of and Dealers in% c.xcfeable Commodities therein mentioned; and shall also

be subject and liable to the fame Duty, and to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provifians, Penalties,

and Forfeitures contained and provided in and by the said Act, relative to Brandy Dealers, or Persons felling

Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of Ocr

toler one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, every Person or Persons in Scotland, who {hall, by Whole-

sale fell or deal in Spirits made and distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer* Bigg, or other British

Materials, commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the United Kingdom,

not being a licensed Distiller or Distillers, Reftificr or Reftifiers, Compounder or Compounders, Retailer or

Retailers of Spirits, shall be subject and liable to take out a Licence for that Purpose, and to pay. for the fame

the yearly Sum of three Pounds, in tl\e Manner directed and required by, and under such Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisioqs, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are contained in the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty relative to Brandy Dealers, or Persons felling Brandy or other Spirituous

Liquors.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who {hall be so licensed as

aforesaid in that Part of Great Britain called S<;otla?id to fell or deal in byWholefale any Spirits made or distilled

from Melasses, Sugar, or Foreign Materials, or Compound Spirits, or distilled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong

Waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British

Materials, shall fell any such Spirits in any less Quantity than two Gallons EngliJJj Wine Measure ; or if any

Person who {hall be so licensed as aforesaid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to fell or deal by

Wholesale in Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British iVIate-

rials, commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the Doited Kingdom, shall fell

any

