The TITLES of

otherwise Bnrtle Moor, East Heathy West Heathy and

Chyde Batchy within the Hamlet of Edingtoriy and Parish

of Moorlinchy in the County of Somcrjet.

59. An Act for more effectually embanking the Marsh

called Malldraeth and Corjddaugauy in the County of

Anriefey, and draining and preserving the fame, and the

inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto.

60. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution, two

Acts, of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth Years of his present

Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and

Birmingham and Fazely Canal Navigations, in the Coun-

ties of Worcester and Stafford.

61. An Act for authorising and enabling the Right Honour-

able George Earl of Mount Edgeumbey and Reginald Pole

CareWy Esquire, to establish and maintain a Common

Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain

Place North of Plymouth Docky in the Parish of Stoke Da-

marel in the County of Devony and Torfointy in the Pa-

ri(h of ^Antony Saint "Jacoby otherwise Antony in the Easty

in the County of Cornwall.

62. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and widening

the Streets, Lanes, and Pafl'ages; for removing and pre-

venting Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and

for regulating the Porters, and Drivers of Carts, within the

Borough of Truroy and Part of the adjoining Parishes in

the County of Cornwall.

63. An Act for preserving the Works made for (applying

the Town of Bradford, in the County of Torky and Part

of the Township of Hortoriy in the Parish of Bradford,

aforesaid, with Water; for the more easy Recovery of the

Rents for the said Water; and to enable the Proprie-

tors thereof to borrow Money for the improving such

Works.

64. An Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the

Parish of Saint Laivrencey in the lfle of Thanet, in the

County of Kenty as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of

the same Parish.

65. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpooly to vary the

Line of the said Canal Navigation; and to raise a further

Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Ca-

nal Navigation; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the City

and Township of Peterborough.

67. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and

regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Pafl'ages

and Places, within the City of Durhamy and Borough of

Framiuelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto

adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, An-

noyances, Encroachment's, and Obstructions therein; for

widening and rendering more commodious several of the

said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Pafl'ages and Places;

and for regulating and improving the Markets within the

said City and Suburbs.

68. An Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbour-

hood of Leedsy in the County of Torky with Water; and

for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and

■ other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood,

and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances,

Encroachments, and Obstrudlions therein.

69. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and

rendering more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-eighth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerk-

enwell, in the County of Middlesex \ and for building a new

the STATUTES.

Churchy and making a new Church Tardy or Cemetery

in the said Parishy with convenient Avenues and Passages

thereto; and for purchasing Pauonville Chapel, and mak-

ing the fame a Chapel of Ease to the said Church.

70. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parlia-

men, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the

Parish of Saint James Westminster, and erecting a Cha-

pel adjoining theretOy and also a House for the Rcfulence of

a Clergyman to off date in burying the Dead.

71. An Act for taking down the Church and Tower, be-

longing to the Pariili of Saint Johny at Hackney, in the

County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and

Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making an

additional Cemetery or Church Yard.

72. An Act for taking dowm the Church, Chancel, and

Tower, belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the Coun-

ty of O.xford, and for rebuilding the fame.

73. An Act for forming a Jundtion between the Forth and

Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation; and

for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former Acts

passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations.

74. An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the four-

teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the effectual

Draining and Preservation cf Waterbeach Level, in the

County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agrcc?nent made

between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny

and the Commoners within the said Manor.

75. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Staffordftnre and Worctjlershire Canal Navigation, to im-

prove the Navigation of the River Severny from Stour-

porty in the County of WorceJlcry to a Place called

Dig/isy near the City of Worcester.

76. An Act for forming and keeping in repair the Streets

and other public Pafl'ages and Places, within a certain

District, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelfeay in the

County of Middlesex, called Hans Towny and for other-

wife improving the same.

77. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and

watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof,

and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoy-

ances therein; and for regulating the public Wells;

and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs.

78. An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate

the Loading cf Ships with Coals, in the Ports tf/'Newcastle

and Sunderland.

79. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Eaf Grin-

Jlcady in the County of Sussex.

80. An Act for providing a Workhouse for, and for the

better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish

of Streathaniy in the County of Surrey; and for appoint-

ing an additional Overseer for the better Government of

the Poor of the said Parish.

81. An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and for

the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the

Township of Manchcflery in the County of Lancaster.

82. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from Merthyr Tidviley to and through a Place called The

Banky near the Town of Cardiffy in the County of Gla-

morgan.

83. An Act for impowering Petfons navigating Boats, Barges,

and other Vessels, in the River Ouzey in the County of

Norfolky to hale or tow with Horles, or other Hearts, on

the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River; and for making

Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls.

7 84. An

