II

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georg 11 III. C. 15—17.

finding the Longitude at Sea, which though of not so great Use as to be intitled to any of the great Re-

wards foecified in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, yet that the said Discovery is

of considerable U(e to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or

Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the

said Commissioners for the Diicovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Per-

fons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby author!fed and required to make out a Bill or Bills

upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Com*

missioners for the Discovery of Longitude^ and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorised and

required to pay immediately such Sum or bums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said

Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward,

or Sum or Sums of Money, for narking lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other

Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said

Treasurer’s Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the

Treasurer of tho Navy, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid,

and in rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Dif-

coveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not all together exceed the Sum of five thousand

Pounds ; provided also that such Sum or Sums shall be certified, and such Bills shall be made out, and Pay-

ment thereof made in such Manner, and under the fame Regulations and Provisions as are in and by the said

Act, of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, prescribed with regard to the Sum of five thousand

Pounds by the said Act made applicable to the Encouragement and Reward of such Person or Persons as

should make lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or make other useful Discoveries and Im-

provements in Navigation, and to the better making of Experiments relating thereto.

III. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

c George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign

4 of her late Majesty Shyeen Anne, intituled, 44 An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or

44 Persons as shall dycover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made

44 for the discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commifioners for putting in Execution the

44fid Aft” the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being is appointed one of the Commissioners for

4 putting in Execution the said Acts : And whereas since the passing thereof an additional Secretary to the

4 Admiralty has been appointed be it therefore enacted, That the Secretaries of the Admiralty for the Time

being shall De, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting the said Acts, and also an Act passed

in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining and rendering more effectual the said Acts,

into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been appointed Commissioners of the said Acts of

the twelfth Year of Queen Anne, of the twenty-nxth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and-

of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any or either of them.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand (even hundred and ninety. [3,500,000/.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety. [2,000,000/.]

Longitude, &c,

to the Comif-

sioners of the

Navy.

Commissionere

of the Navy to

order Rewardsro

such Person*, aa

ihe Commission-

era of Longitude

/hail certify to

have made any

useful Disco-

veriw, &c.

Sums paid by

virtue of this

Act not to ex-

ceed 5,000 1,

16 Geo.

c. 25.

Secretaries of

the Admiralty

to be Commis*

sioners of Longi-

tude.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court

of Session in Scotland; and for altering JVbitfuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court

of Exchequer in Scotland•

4 7 HERE AS it has been found by Experience, that the Time appointed for the holding of the Summer

4 W Session in the Court of Session in Scotland is inconvenient: And whereas it would be more convenient

4 for the Subjects of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the fame were alteredbe it therefore

enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the

Summer Session in the said Court of Session, shall at all Times hereafter begin upon the twelfth Day of May,

except the said twelfth Day of Mas shall happen to be upon a Sunday or Monday^ in which Cafe the said

Session shall set down upon the nrft Tuesday after the said twelfth Day of May, and the said Summer Sef-

fion shall-at all Times hereafter end upon the eleventh Day of July, except the said eleventh Day of July

shall happen to be upon a Sunday or Monday, in which Cafe the said Summer Session shall rife upon the

Saturday preceding the eleventh Day of July.

4 II. And whereas it is necessary that the Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms of the Court of Exchequer in

4 Scotland should be kept during the Summer Session of the Court of Session, as has been the Practice here-

4 tofore;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Whitsuntide Term for the said Court of

C a Exchequer

Preamble#

The Summer

Session in the

Court of Session

to begin up-

on May ia, and

end July xi.

Whitsuntide

Term in the

Exchequer te

begin upon

^.ooooie

