A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III* C. 67.

30. Captains or Commanders issuing any Tickets, other than such as are directed by the- different Acts, of

which this is an Abstract, shall be subject to a Penalty of fifty Pounds for every Ticket, and shall forfeit all

their Wages to the Chest at Chatham.

31. Those who claim the Wages of any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, as Executors, as soon ns

they shall be informed of the Testator’s Death, muff forward the Authorities under which they so claim by

the General Post, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy, London.—Thofe who claim

as nearest of'Kin must also write, when they shall be informed of the Death of their Relation, by the Ge-

neral Post, to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster, dating their Pretensions to the Wages which may remain

due; and those who shall be intitled to claim as Creditors must apply in like Manner, and at the fame

Time date in Writing the Nature and Amount of their Demand; a Proof must also be produced in each

of these Cafes of the Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine’s Death; if he shall have died after having left

the Service, the Business will then be properly investigated at the Navy Pay Office; and if the Claim be

found just, the necessary Expences of administering at Doctors Commons (which are limited as per Clause

thirty-second of this Abstract) will be'defrayed, and the Balance will be directed to be paid to the Executor

or Administrator, if present, and, if absent, by a Remittance Bill to be made out in the Manner herein-

before described in the tenth Clause of this Abstract, and which shall be payable wherever he may reside

.without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatever.

Pensions due to Out-pensioners of Greenwich Hospital shall be paid by Bill in like Manner in any Part

of Great Britain or Inland, upon Application being made by the Party in Writing to the Governors of

the said Hospital.

Those whqihall be named as Executors in Wills, or who shall be intitled to administer as Widow, next

of Kin, or Creditor, to Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, may receive the Wages which shall be due*

without incurring the Expence of taking out Letters of Administration, in Cales w here such Wages ana

other Allowances do not exceed ten Pounds, provided the Justness of their respective Ciaims shall be fat;s-

faftorily ascertained at the Pay-Office, and the said Wages, &c. shall be remitted in like Manner, if re-

quired, to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland.

32. Registers or Procters in Doctors Commons, taking more than the Sums allowed by the Act to be charged

in the different Events therein-specified, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and any Register or Proctor,

aiding or assisting in procuring Probates or Administrations, otherwise than in the Manner prescribed by the

Act, shall for ever be rendered incapable of acting in any Ecclesiastical Court in Great Britain, and (hill,

for evefy Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

33. Whoever willingly and knowingly shall personate, or falsely affiume the Name or Character of, or

procure any other to personate, or falsely to affiume the Name or Character of any Officer, Seaman, or

♦other Person intitled to Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money, for Service done on Board of any Ship

of the Royal Navy; or the Executor, Administrator, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any such Officer,

Beaman, or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money; or shall

forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, or other Power or

Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money; or shall wil-

Wand knowingly take a false Oath, or procure a false Oath to be taken, to obtain the Probate of a

or Letters of Administration, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances, or Prize Money,

shall be guilty of Felony, and suffer Death; and whoever knowingly shall forge or counterfeit any Certifi-

cate of Discharge, or Certificate of Servitude, in order to intitle them to recover their own Wages, or

assist in so doing, shall be punished as in Cafes of Perjury.

34. The Tickets, Certificates, Pay Liftsr Bills, and Duplicates herein mentioned, shall be fofficient

Vouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy for the Payments made thereon.

35. Every Part of the Complement on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships is included under the Deno-

mination of Inferior or Petty Officers and Seamen, vNon-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines,

except those who shall be rated as follow: Admirals or Flag Officers and their Secretaries, Captains, Lieu-

tenants, Matters, Second Masters, and Pilots, Physicians, Surgeons, Chaplains, Boatfwaiiis, Gunners,

Carpenters, Purlers, Captains of Marines, Captains Lieutenants of Marines, Lieutenants of Marines,

and Quarter Masters of Marines.

36.^Copies of this Abstract shall be transmitted to the principal Officers and Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Navy, to the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, to the Commissioners of the

Excise and Customs in England and Scotland, to the Receivers General of the Land Tax, to the,

Registers and Deputy Registers of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, to the Clerks of the Check of

his Majesty’s Dock Yards, to the Governors and Agents of the Royal Hospitals, to the Commanding

Officers of the several Divisions of Marines, and to the Minister of every Parish in Great Britain, who

are directed to hang up and affix the fame in some conspicuous Part of their several Offices or Parishes,

and to promulgate the fame as much as may be in their respective Departments. A Copy of this Abstract,

together with the Articles of War, shall also be kept hung up in the moll publick Place of every Ship

of the Royal Navy, that it may be acccffible to all Inferior Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned

Officers of Marines, and Marines; and every Captain and Commander shall cause the fame to be read

over once in every Month, after the Articles of War are read, and the reading of the fame shall be

attested by the Captain or Commander and signing Officers at the Foot of the iVlufter Books; to the

End that every Seaman in the Royal Navy may know the Punishments. he is liable to for any Neglect or

Disobedience, and the Encouragement he is intitled to by the Performance of his Duty, and that upon fuf-

fering any Injury he may be enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral or the Commit

32 GEO.UI. Go sioners

*79

31 Geo. 2.c* io»

26 Qeo, 3. c, 63,

32 Geo. 3. g* 34.

3 Ceo. 3. c. 16.

and exie ded co

Ireland by 32

Geo. 3, c. 07.

31 Geo. 3. c. 34.

32 Geo. j.c. 34.

31 Geo. t. c. 10.

32 Geo. 3. C.3J.

32 Geo. 3.C. 34.

32 Geo. 3.c,j&7,

32Ceo. 3. e. 34.

31 Geo. 2. c. i<j#

32 Geo. 3. c. 33.

3iGco. 3. c. 34.

32 Geo. 3. e. 67,

32 Geo. 3.C. 34.

32 G €0.3.0.67*

