The TITLES of

£4. An Act to impower William Henry Campbell, Esquire,

to (hut up a Road and" Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston

in the County of Essex; and to oblige him to make and

keep in Repair for the future another Road and Foot Path

in lieu thereof.

85. An Act for continuing an Act of the tenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, yir amending the Road from

Saint Stephen’s Gate, in the City 0/* Norwich, to Block

Hill, in Trowfe, at the dingle where the Road divides, to

Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for continuing an Act: of the ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from

Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone

k formerly calledTht Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich

Road joins the Caifter Caiifeway, two Miles and a Half

short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

87. An Act for continuing an Act of the twelfth Year of

his present Majesty, yir repairing and amending the Road

from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New

Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk.

88. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from

Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike

Road at Randal-Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the

County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

89. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for

repairing the Roads from Royfton in the County of Hert-

ford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Hunting-

don, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the causeway at

or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the

County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and

South Divisions, and separate District, of the (kid Roads.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for amending,

vjidening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to

and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of

Kent.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the eleventh

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and

keeping in Repair, everal Roads leading from Tavernspite

to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston

Halting, in the County of Pembroke.

92. An Act to enlarge the 'Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties

of Leicester and Northampton, near Fofton Lane, to the

Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la

Zouch, in the said County of Leicester; and for repairing

and widening two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane and

Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbold

Verdon.

93. An Act for making and repairing the Road from New-

tniln Bridge, by Foodie's Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour,

Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Graill, and

other Roads in the County of Fife*

94. An Act: for enlarging the Term of several Acts, made

for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket

Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the

Town of Trumpington, next to Shelford, and from Shel-

ford Pound to Wittlcford; and for making more effectual

Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also one Mile

of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, com-

mencing nt the South End of Trumpington aforesaid ; and

for amending the Road from Chesterford Bridge to the End

of Wittlcford next to Shelford, all in the County of

Cambridge*

the STATUTES.

95. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of

an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering,

clearing,'and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading

from the Borough of Dprchester, in the County of Dorset.

96. An Act for enlarging the Terms, and altering the

Powers of two Acts, toade in the sixteenth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads

leading from Marlborough, through Weji Kennett to

Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds, in

Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherril Hill, and from the

Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton,

and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton,

and from the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenter's

Arms in Blunfden, in the County of Wilts, and for divert-

ing, turning, arid altering, Part of the said Roads; and

for repairing and widening the Road on the Weft Side of

The Three ' Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on

the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the

Distance of one Mile from the said Direction Post Weft-

ward.

97. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging, al-

tering, and amending, the Powers of an Act, made in

the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairings

widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New

Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the

County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of

Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Boft Hills, in the

said County of Sussex.

98* An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Rovjde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the

Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and for repeal-

ing three Acts, made in the second and twenty-fifth Years

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for

repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and

Hor fey Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in

the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the High-

ways thereunto adjacent.

99. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of certain Acts, made for repairing the

Road from Keighley, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York, to Kirby in Kended, in the County of Westmor-

land, so fas as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies

within the County of York.

100. An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from Fofbrook, in the Parish of Dillorn, through

Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the

County of Stafford.

101. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of three

several Acts, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of

King George the First, the twenty-first Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road lead-

ing fro?n the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Wor-

cester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of

Warwick.

102. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill near Dudley, to the

Nav Inn, in the Parish of Pdttingham, and from the

Turnpike Road at or near Street End, in the Parish of

Kingfwinford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley

to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop,

and Stafford.

103. An Act to continue the Term,'and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of an Act of the tenth Year of his present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the

County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury,

tkt

