A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 41.

any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, except from the entered Premises of the Manufacturer

or Manufacturers of Snuff where the fame was laid down, to the Mill, for the Purpose of being ground into

Snuff (whether a Permit shall or shall not have been granted for such Removal thereof), all such Snuff Work,

together with the Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cafes, and other Packages containing the fame, and the Horses,

Cattle, Boats, Barges, and Carriages, used in such Removal or Carriage thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Manufac-

turer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff to begin any Operation of Manufacture by this Act allowed,

and inrespect whereof any Notice is required, unless such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall give to the

Officer of Excise under whole Survey he, she, or they shall be, previous to his, her, or their beginning any

such Operation of Manufacture by this Act allowed, iix Hours Notice in Writing, if his, her, or their en-

tered Premises, in which such Operation of Manufacture, specified in such Notice, is or are intended to be

carried on, shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excite in London, or within the Limits of

the City of Edinburgh; twelve Hours previous Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any

City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town ; and twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing,

if such Premises shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention so to do,

and in each and every such Notice shall specify the particular Hour and Time of the Day when he, (he, or

they shall intend to begin any Operation of Manufacture by this Act allowed, or to do or perform the par-

ticular Matter or Thing specified in such Notice to be intended to be done or performed *, and if such Manu-

facturer or Manufacturers shall not begin to do or perform the Matter or Thing specified in such Notice, at

the Time, or within one Hour next alter the Time specified in such Notice, the fame shall be void and of no

Effect, and such Manufacturer and Manufacturers respectively shall be liable to give a new and frefti Notice

in Writing of the fame, as if no Notice had been before given.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, shall

befuedfor, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or

Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excile, or

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster,

or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or

Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them,

who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and immediately

after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. XLI.

49

Mill, so be for-

feited, &c.

Notice to be

given, previous

to the beginning

any Operation of

Manufacture,

and if the Opp-

rau’on be not bt-

gun in an Hour

after the specifi-

Time, a fresh

Notice to be

given.

How Penalties

may be sued for,

and how to be

diviaed.

Act to com-

mence July 5,

1790.

An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation, from any of the Provinces in North America,

of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil > and for allowing the

Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed used

for Manure, Duty-free.

4 \ X WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 V V An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom,

4 by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland ; and for allowing

4 the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure from Ireland to this Kingdom > and by another Act, passed in

4 the twenty- seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Du-

4 ties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together

4 with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, IVares,

and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the ¥ rench King, into this

4 Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment cf Annul -

4 ties on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; Rape Seed and all other Seeds commonly made use of

4 for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, being the Growth of Ireland, are allowed to be imported from

4 thence on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling the Last, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape

4 Seed shall be at or above the Price of seventeen Pounds ten Shillings per Last, under the Conditions, Re-

4 gulations, and Restrictions mentioned in the said recited Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty: And whereas by the last-recited Act, Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed,

4 commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, may be imported at all Times from Ireland Duty-free ; and

4 whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds commonly made use of

4 for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, and also Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, common-

4 ly used for the Purpose of Manure, from his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces in North

4 America, in like Manner and under the fame Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions as such Seeds are

4 allowed to be imported from Ireland f be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import into

Great Britain, in a British-huWt Ship, owned and navigated according to Law, from any of she Colonies,

Plantations, and Provinces belonging to his Majesty in North America, Rape Seed, and all other Seeds com-

30 Geo. III. H monly

15 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 34 j

and 27 Geo.

III. Cap. 13,

recited.

From July 5,

1790, Rape

Seed, &c. of the

Growth of the

British Colonic*

in America,

\

