62

The Dutiei

*»pcn Fishing

Vessels to be

payable to the

lud Society,

The Power* of

the Trustees

discontinued,

and Penalties

payable tj the

Tru flee* to be

payable to the

Marine Society.

Expence* of the

Ad.

public Act.

G. 55—6o. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790*

Money which they shall be portefied of or entitled to by virtue of the said Acts at the Time of making the

said Transfer (after deducting thereout all Charges and Exnences attending the said Trull); and that from

and after the 'l ime of making the said Transfer, all the Kftate, Right, T itle, and Interelf, of or belong-

ing to the said Trustees, of and in the said Piece of Ground situate near IVcflminjhr Bridge, which Piece

of Ground was conveyed to them by the Commissioners for building JVejhninfler Bridge, by virtue of the

Power granted to them by the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign' of his late Majesty, shall

be, and are hereby vested in the said Marine Society; and the Duties granted or made payable to the said

Trustees as aforesaid, by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, shall also

be, and are hereby vested irt, and shall be payable to, the said Marine Society; which Money and other

Property are hereby directed to be transferred and paid to, and vested in, the said Marine Society for the

Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), T he laid Sum of four thousand two hundred

Pounds, and the Dividends and Produce thereof, and the Relit reserved by the said Leufc, and the other

Money aforesaid (except the Produce of the said Duties upon Kittling Vessels) shall be applied and disposed

of in like Manner as any other Kftate or Money belonging to the said Society is to be applied and disposed

of; and the Produce of the said Duties upon such Kittling Vessels as aforesaid (after the Expences of col-

leafing the fame are deducted) shall be applied in binding Apprentices to Fishermen, or, in T ime of War,

such Produce may be applied towards fitting out Roys or other Persons to l'erve in the Royal Navy; and

the said Marine Society shall have the like Powers and Authorities for appointing an inspeftor of the

Kittling Vessels coming to the AW, and of obtaining Payment of the said Duties, as the said Trustees had

immediately before the patting of this Act; anything in the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the

.contrary hereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the making the Transfer of the said four thousand

two hundred Pounds as aforesaid, all the Powers and Authorities given to or vested in the said Trustees

by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall ccafe and determine; and that all such Penalties and For-

feitures, or any Part or Proportion of such Penalties or Forfeitures, wh’ch were payable to the said

Trustees, or to any Person on their Account, by virtue of the said recited Afte, or any of them, shall

belong to the said Marine Society, and shall from Time to Time be paid to such Person or Persons as they

shall appoint to receive the lame.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing

of -this Act shall be paid out of the Money belonging to the said Trustees as aforesaid.

IV. 'And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and

shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Juiticcs, and all other Persons, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, hte Heirs

and Assignsr to make and provide Quays, Docks. Piers, and other Ercftions; and to establish a Market

with proper Roads and Avenues thereto respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of Hubberfhn

and Pill in the County of Pembroke.

CAP. LVX

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, making and maintaining a

Navigable Canal from or near to Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate

with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended

Canaly at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Iffwich, in the

County of Suffolk.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Wafte Lands, called Eding~

ton, otherwise Bio tie Moor, East Heath, West Heathy and Chyde Batch, within the Hamlet of* Eding-

toil) and Parish of MoorUncbf in the County of Somerset.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for more effectually embanking the Marsh called AdaV.dreath and Corfddaugav, in the County of

Jnglefey, and draining and preserving the fame, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto.

CAP. LX.

An Act for effectually carrying into Execution two Acts, of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth Years of his

present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the

Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worccjhr and Stafford.

CAP.

