The TITLES of the STATUTES.

r

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua-

lify themf lyes for Offices and Employments; and to in-

demnify [uftices of the Peace, or others, who have omit-

ted to regiiter or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers,

in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole

Admissions have been omitted to be stumped according to

Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid,

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly

{lamped; to gi ve further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of

Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for

indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the

Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of

their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the

Ti me limited by Law; and for giving further l ime for

that Purpose.

13. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Executi-

on an Act of this Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for

granting an Aid to his May efly by a Land Tax, to be raifecl

in Great Britain, for the Sei'vice of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and nirietyf together with those named in

two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land

Tax.

24. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward

of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Lon-

gitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Im-

provements in Navigation, and for making Experiments

relating thereto; and for adding a Commissioner to exe-

cute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at

Sea*

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

{and (even hundred and ninety.

16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety.

27. An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the

Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland; and

for altering Whiifuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court

of Exchequer in Scotland.

18 An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned,

relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by

lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak

Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain

Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and

Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures

of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers

and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go

into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the

Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

19. An Act for allowing further Time for lnrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-

testant Purchasers.

20. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of

Saint Thomas, within the City of BriJioL

21. An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich,

and the Parts adjacent, with Water.

22. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Car (ford, in the

County of Suffolk.

. 23. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made

in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An All to enable the Lord High

Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act) made in

the twenty-fifth Tear of his prrfent Majesty s Reign, ion

Hoses let to Hire for travelling Pqjl, and by Time, to such

Persons asjhoull be willing to contract for the fame.

24. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one

Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town

of Honiton in the County of Devon.

26. An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels imported from

the Settlement of Tucatan in South America, and sold by

Audlion in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such

Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on

Goods exported to Tucatan.

27. An Act for encouraging new Settlers in his Majesty’s

Colonies and Plantations in America.

28. An Act for permitting the Importation of Cafi;ew Gum*

from his Majesty’s IVeJl India Islands, upon Payment of

the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum

Arabic, or Gum Senega.

29. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the twenty-

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Aid for allowing the Importation and Exportation of cer-

tain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports s/King-

fton. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea

in the IjJand of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in

the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in

the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the

Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands,

under certain Regulations and Rcjlrittions; and for regulat-

ing the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Com-

modities the Growth and Production of the Countries

bordering on the Province of l^giebcc*

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

31. An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act J'or the better preventing Frauds

and Abttfes in Gold and Silver Wares; and also so much of

another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for grant-

ing to his Mjffy certain Duties on all Gold and Silva?

' Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver

Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the

marking of Silver W ares.

32. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain

Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety; and for further appro-

priating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

33. An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time,

several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and

carrying^ Slaves in British Vefjehfrom the Co afi of Africa.

34. An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have fufter-

cd in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy

Difleniions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty

to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Govern-

ment; for making Compensation to Persons who furnish-

Provisions, or other ncceftary Articles, to the Army

or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property

was used, seized, or destroyed for the carrying on the

public Service there; and also for making Compensation

to such Persons as have fuftered in their Properties, in

consequence of the Cession of the Province of EaJ} Florida

to the King of Spain.

35. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the twen-

tieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, touching

the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

36. An Act to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in

the twenty-eighth Ye2r of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Perjons

to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Car-

riages, and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and

Guards die roof,

37- An

