.482 C. 3. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A. D* 1794.*

tnd afterwards

delivered, 8d.

For everyG>ll^n

above f roof so

warehoused, and

delivered, ti.4<i.

For everyGal! in

of Single Spiri s

imported (other

than as akre-

fiid;, lod.j and,

F«>r every Gallon

above Proof,

I*. 8si.

and Provisions contained and provided in an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, befor*

Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the fame in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the

fa:d twelfth Day of February one thousand (even hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any (uda

Warehouse, Eight-pence, to be paid by the Importer upon Demand :

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, over Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations, which, on the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall

be in any such Warehouse, and which {hall, from and after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any such Warehouse, one Shilling and Four-pence, to

be paid by the Importer, upon Demand:

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua

Vita, as aforesaid,) which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the

Importer, before the landing thereof, Ten-pence:

For every Gallon of Spirits or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, as

aforesaid,) above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by

the Importer, before the landing thereof, one Shilling and Eight-pence.

The additional

Du-y on Spirits

imported Irorn

the British Colo-

nies may be

bonded. &c. M

the present Du-

ties.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

of Excite.

Additional Du-

ties on Spirits of

the British Co-

ionics to be al-

lowed on dip-

ping them for

Stores.

Persons deliver-

ing Foreign Spi-

rits after Feb.

1794»

Contrail* made

previous thereto,

may add an

Equivalent to

the Duties.

Duties to be paid

into the Fxche-

quer, and carried

to the Confuli-

dated Fund,

Duties to he ap-

plied in defray-

ing any iiweaf-

cd Charge occa-

sioned by' any

Loan of this

Sc/fi >n, and for

jo Years to be

kept separate

from other Mo*

oiea.

The Powert of

IX Car. 11. Cap.

04, and at any

other Low re-

lating to the Ex-

cife, to extend

(0 this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Duty

hereby imposed for or in respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua frtta, of the Produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, may be bonded and secured, and {hall be paid and payable in such

Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore

charged for or in respect of such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua lrita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by

Law paid and payable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties*by this Act imposed

as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Com-

missioners of Excise in England for the Time being ; and such thereof as {hall arise in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the

Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed for or ift

respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, {hall be all

lowed on the Shipping thereof as Stores to be spent and consumed on board* in any Voyage to Parts beyond'

the Seas, in the same Manner as the former Duties imposed thereon now are or hereafter may be*directed to

be allowed by Law.

V. 4 And whereas Standing Contrafts may have been made before the said twelfth Day of* February by

4 Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, for such Foreign Spirits to be delivered after the said twelfth Day of

4 February \ be it therefor eenacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Importers and Dealers delivering

such Foreign Spirits after the said twelfth Day of February, in pursuance of such Contrafts, shall be allowed

to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such

Foreign Spirits, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Adb to be paid for the feme

accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That alt the Monies, from Time to Timer

arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid; (the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted,) shall, from and after the passing of

this Act, from Tune to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster \ and

the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Confo-

lidated Fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise; of the several

Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, {hah be deemed an Addition made

to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the inercafed Charge occalloned by any Loan made, or Stock

created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be pafl', in this Session of Parliament';

and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt,

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept

in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in

which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt* shall, together

with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose

of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For*

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by. an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

King Charles the Second, intitutled. An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures

in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof

or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and eltablifoed

for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties

thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fitch Cafes for which other Provisions are made and pre?-

scribed by this Act,) shall be praftiied, uied, and put m Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levvmgi

collecting.

^jOOQ le

