6

provided Bond

be given for

landing it be-

yond the Cape.

How such

i<t>nd* shall be

difcUar&od.

Preamble.

a3 Geo. 3*

c. 18.

I

Part of recited

continued

until May 15,

1792, dec.

Preamble.

a8 Geo. 3.

c. 6. recited*

C. 5—8. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

II. Provided always. That the Exporter of such Tin shall, with one or more fu (Sclent Person or Perform

to be approved by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where Inch Tin shall be entered

for Exportation, give Security, by Bond, in the Penalty of Double the Value of such Tin, (which Se-

curity the said Collector or Comptroller of the Customs is hereby authorise 1 and empowered to take,) in

the Name, and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Condition that the fame shall be

landed in some Port or Piece in the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope \ and fi:;h Security shall be

discharged on a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the chief Supercargo of the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, if the fame shall be landed in Chir.a; or by the like Cer-

tificate from the Governor, or two of the Council, at any of the said Company's Settlements, if the fame

shall be landed within any of the said Company's Settlements in the Eqfi Indies \ or by the like Certificate

from two principal Merchants, if the fame shall be fended in any Port or Place in the Countries beyond

the Cape of Good Hope where the said Company have no Settlement or Supercargo; which Certificate shall

be produced to the said Collector or Comptroller of the Cuitoms at the Port where such Tin was exported,

or to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England* within thirty Months from the Date of the

said Bond.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of

Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

4 W/HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in-

tituied, An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in the.t Part of

4 Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Art, made in the twelfth liar of his

4 present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and rromiJJ'ory Notes); which said Act, so far as relates to die

4 rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Sect-

4 land, was to take Place and have Continuance from the Expiration of the then Session of Parliament,

4 for and during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parlia-

4 ment, and no longer: And whereas it is expedient that such Part of the said Act should be continued for a

4 further Term ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by die

King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act,

so far as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof

until the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters*

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty; the one intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his

M jessy's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India , and

the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his said

Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and the other intituled, An Act to

allow the Importation cf Rum, or other Spirits, from his Colonies or Plantations

in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of , under certain

Conditions and Rejlriftions.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Colonies and Plantations

in North America, and in the Well India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of Arne*

rica; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands (be West Indies; it is, amongit

other Things, enacted, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Ter-.

ritories belonging to the United States of America, by Sea, or Coastwise, into the Province of fftebet, or

into the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof, or up the River Saint , from the

Sea: And whereas it is found necessary to give to the Governor of the said Province of Quebec the like

Power as is now by I aw given to the Governors of Neva Scotia and New Brun/wick, with the Advice

3 ‘of

