2l8

Fee to Register

for taxing.

Pro£ors to for-

wjr.i Letters of

Adirinistration

and Certificate

of Expences to

the Treifurer or

Paymaster of the

Navy.

Penalty on Proc-

tors, &c. taking

more than the

prescribed Sums

for Probate*,&c,

and

on Oflicersof the

Ecclesiastical

Court, procuring

Probates, &c.

contrary to this

AO, or 26 Geo.

3. c. 63.

The Treasurer

or Paymaster

may allow a rea-

sonable Charge

for extraordinary

Expences, &c.

9o much of 26

Geo. 3. c. 63.

a» is n >t hereby

repealed, to con-

tinue in force*

C. 34, 35. "Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

ters and Deputy Registers are hereby authorised to examine and tax the fame; and which Bill of Costs and

Charges, after having been so examined and taxed by the said Registers of the Prerogative Court of Canter-

lury, or by their Deputies, or by any one of the said Registers, or by any one of the said Deputies,

they shall certify the fame, or that Part of the fame which lemains after being so taxed, to be fair and equitable

Charges, according to the usual Fees allowed, and customary Charges made by Prodors in DoSIors Commons,

and then shall return the said Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, and

the said Bill of Expences and Charges, to the Proctor or Prodtors who shall have so laid the fame before them,

and which Bill of Costs and Charges shall be allowed to contain a Fee of three Shilings and four Pence to

be paid to the said Registers, or to the said Deputy Registers, who shall have so taxed and examined the

fame ; and when the said Prodtor or Prodtors have finally obtained such Letters of Administration, or Let-

ters of Administration with Will annexed, granted to the Creditors of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-

com mi (Tinned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and such Bill of Expences and Charges, certified as here- '

in-directed, he or they shall forward such Letters of Administration, and Letters or Admin.stration with

Will annexed, and Certiiicatcs of Expences and Charges, to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his Ma-

jesty’s Navy ; and if any OiEcer or Officers, Proctor or Proctors, or any other Per (bn or Persons, shall pre-

lume to take any more than the several Sums herein-before allowed and directed to be taken, in the different

Events specified, for the Charges of Probates, Letters of Administration, Corn millions, and Requisitions, in the

Manner herein particularly mentioned and expressed, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit to the

Party aggrieved the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered with fuli Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IV:Ji?nirJtei\ or elsewhere ; or if any

Register or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court shall knowingly and wilfully be aiding or assisting in

procuring Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration, for the Purpose of enabling any Person or Persons

to receive the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money of any Kind due, or becoming due for

the Services of any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, on board any

Ship or Ships, then or formerly belonging to his Majesty or his Predecessors, or Heirs and Successors, other-

wife than in the Manner prescribed by this Act, and the other Act herein-before mentioned, passed in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, every such Prodtor, Register, or other Officer, shall for

ever after be incapable of acting as Proctor, Register, or in any other Capacity, in any Ecclesiastical Court

in Great Britain, and shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be sued

for, recovered, and levied, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, and one Half of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be and belong to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and one Half to him or them who shall discover, inform, or lue

for the fame.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any ex-

traordinary Pains, Trouble, or Expence has attended the fifing out Letters of Administration, or Letters of

Administration with Will annexed, to the Widows or next ot Kin, or Probates of Wills to the Executors

of any such Petty Officers or Seamen, Non-cornmilfioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, the Proctor or

Prodors who have sued out the fame may, in consideration thereof, make an Addition, in Proportion to the

said extraordinary Pains, Trouble, and Expence, to his or their Bill of Charges and Expences, and which

appearing reasonable, the Inspector shall allow and pass the fame ; but if the iame shall appear unreasonable

or exorbitant to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, in that Cafe the said Bill of Charges and Expences

shall be returned to DoBors Commons, to be checked and taxed as aforesaid by the Registers, or any one of them,

or by the Deputy Registers, or any one of them, who are hereby directed so to do without Fee or Reward,

unless the said Charges and Expences shall have arisen in consequence of any Litigation or Suit respect-

ing the obtaining or suing out such Letters of Administration, Letters of Administration with Will annexed,

or Probate of Will, in which Cafes the said Registers, or Deputy Registers, (lull be permitted to charge and

take the aforesaid Fee of three Shillings and four Pence.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That so much of the said Act passed in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as is not repealed by tins Ad, shall remain in full

Force and Efted.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund ; and for apply-

ing certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-

two ; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth

Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Oideis, or other Orders

loft, burnt, or other wise destroyed.

“ 2,300,000 /. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund 5 which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer

44 Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any'Fax.

44 Tallies of Loan to be struck, fsfe. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in Coarse. No Fee

44 to be taken for registering, OV. on Penalty of treble Damages and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Pre-

44 ference which Orders of the fame Date brought the same Day, are entered firlf, so they are all entered \

44 nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved to dif-

44 charge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer

44 Bills, in the Manner prelcribed by the Land-Tax Ad of this Session; the Provisions of which Ad (ex-

44 cept such as charge the Bills on the Land Tax, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills

44 and Interest, iSc^to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on the Credit

5 " of

o.

