A.D. 1792* Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 50,

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commis-

sioners of his Majesty’s Customs, that fitch Excess has arisen by Mistake, and without Intention of Fraud,

it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to waive the Forfeiture, without any Reward or Satis-

faction to the seizing Officer, if under the Circumstances of the Cafe it shall appear to the said Cominif-

sioners reasonable so to do.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of /fuly

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs in Great Britain, to permit or suffer any Ship or Vefiel to be cleared out Coastwise, from

any Port or Place whatever in Great Britain, until the Master, or other Person having or taking the

Charge or Command of fiuch Ship or Vefiel, shall give Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by

Bond, in the Penalty of one hundred Pounds,(which Security shall be taken by the Collector or other princi-

pal Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place, and who is hereby authorised and required to take such Secu-

rity,) with Condition that such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship

or Vefiel, will not at any Time thereafter land or cause to be landed, or permit or fufter to be landed, any

Goods, innny Part of this Kingdom, in any Manner which is or shall be prohibited by Law, or take the fame

on Board in order to their being so landed, nor be anyways concerned, or aiding or assisting in fraudulently im-

porting, unihipping, or landing the fame ; and will not hinder, molest, or oppose any of his Majesty’s Officers

of the Customs or Excise, or any other Person or Persons, aififting them or either of them in the due Execution

of their respective Offices or Employments ; or until such Master, or «.ther Person having or taking the Charge

or Command of such Ship or Vefiel, shall produce a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector or other prin-

cipal Officer of the Customs at some other Port or Place in Great Britain, of such Security having been be-

fore given at such other Port or Place, to such Collector or other principal Officer, by such Master or other

Person as aforesaid; and no such Bond shall be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to any of the

Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; nor shall any Fee, Gratuity, or Perquisite, be paid, or

taken, or any Charge made, by any Person or Persons whatever, in any Manner, for or on Account of such

Bond.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which

{hall be by virtue of this Act subject to Forfeitures, shall and may be seized, sued, prosecuted, and con-

demned, and the Produce thereof distributed and applied in such and the like Manner, and by such and the

like Ways, Means, Rules, and Methods, as Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shipped to be carried Coast-

wife within Great Britain, without a Sufferance cr Warrant first had and obtained, are forfeited, and shall

and may be seized, prosecuted, and condemned, and the Produce distributed and applied, by virtue of any

former Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever; and that the several Penalties inflicted by this Act shall and

may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record at Westmin/ler, or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, one Moiety whereof shall

be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall inform

or sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in all Cafes where a Security remains, notwithstanding this

Act, to be taken by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs in England or Scotland respectively, for

any Matter or Cause relating to the cariying, conveying, or removing any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

Coastwise, within Great Britain, no Bend or Bonds for the Delivery or Discharge of such Goods, Warts,

or Merchandize, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, shall be charged or chargeable with, or subject or

' liable to, any of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any former Law, to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding.

XII. 4 And whereas, by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 An Act for more effectually preventing the MiJchiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain

4 and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestinc Trade to and from the Jfle of Man, a sufficient Bond, as therein

4 is mentioned, is required to be given for every Ship cr V effel that should set fail out of or from Great Bri-

4 tain or Ireland, for any Part of Africa, or any of his Majesty’s Dominions out of this Realm, with Con-

4 dition not to take on Board, during the Course of the Voyage, any Stores, Goods, or Merchandizes what-

4 soever, at the Ijle of Man, nor any Stores, Goods, or Merchandizes which should have been brought

4 from thence : And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his laid

4 present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Production of Adaniftjh, and for more effectually prevent-

4 ing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drazvbacksy and in the clandestine relanding of Goods^

4 certain Provisions are made, whereby the aforesaid Purposes of the said’recited Act of the fifth Year of his

4 present Majesty’s Reign, are more fully answered and effected be it therefore enacted b/ the Authority

aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, so

much of the said recited Act as requires the said Bond, therein and in this Act mentioned (usually called

The Isle of Man Bond) to be given, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

4 tuled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Fo-

4 reign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, it is enacted, That any Sort of Corn,

4 Meal, or Flour, either British or Foreign, or any Malt made of such Corn, shall not be permitted to be

4 carried Coastwise, or otherwise conveyed from any Port in Great Britain, where the Exportation thereof*

4 according to the Regulations of the said Act, is not allowed at the Time that the said Corn, Malt, Meal, or

1 Flour was actually shipped, and be landed or unshipped at any other Port of Great Britain7 from whence

4 the-

243

but if such Ex-

ce:fs has arifew

by Miftjk'*, the

Forfeiture may

be waivtd.

No Vessel to be

permitted to

clear out Coast-

wife, until the

Master enters

into Bond to

fulfil certain

Conditions, or

unt.l a Cer'ifiV

cate be produced

of such Securry

having been be-

fore given.

Such Bonds not

liable to Stamp

Duty, See,

How Goods fub^

je& to Forfei-

ture, and Penal-

tie?, may be sued

for, &c.

Ho Bond for dlf-

tbarging Goods

carried Coast-

wife, to be

chargeable with

Sump Duty.

<? Geo. 3. c. 5£.

and-

*6 Geo. 3,0.40.

iccited.

So much of 5

Geo. 3 c, 39, as

relates to the

Isle of Man

Bond repealed.

31 Geo. 3. c, 30*

recited,

