45 6

Shares no' called

f »r to be dep3-

hied.

Src 'nd Divi*

fi*n, &c.

No Share of

Divtd;nd to be

dra.vn (ill

Croun's of

Debt predoced,

&C.

All Preferences

to continue as

before.

Debts claimed

cn before the

Term of Pay-

■relit*

Contingent

Debts.

Securities on

Bankrupt

Dilates to be de-

duced from the

Amount of the

Claim*

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793*

Action for the Purpose; and if, in the Event of such Question, the said Sum, or any Part of it, shall remain'

unapplied to the Debt or Debts far which it was claimed, the fame shall go into the Fund for any subsequenC

Distribution, and the Shares of Creditors not called for at the Time of Distribution shall again be deposited as

before, on their Risk, at such Interest as can be got for the fame.

XXXVI. . And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within ten Days after the Expiration of

sixteen Calendar Months from the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequestration, the Com-

millioners, or the Majority of them, shall in like Manner audite the Trustee’s Accounts with the Bankrupt’s

Eft ate, and settle the Trustee’s Commission; and the T ruftee shall, within one Calendar Month after the said

sixteen Months, make up another Scheme of Division of the Sums recovered among the Creditors who shall

then have produced their Interests and Oaths of Verity as before, with new States of the Bankrupt’s out-

(landing F unds, and of the Sum remaining in the Bank, if any be, which shall in like Manner remain open for

lofpevSfion during one Month longer, at the Expiration whereof, or on the first lawful Day thereafter, the

Dividend shall be paid, after die like previous Advertisement, being exactly at the Distance of eighteen Ca-

lendar Adonths from the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid; and if any of the Debts are objected to, the

Procedure above mentioned {hall be followed out, and the like Procedure shall be followed out at similar

Intervals of Time thereafter, to the Effect that a Dividend may be made at the End of every six Months,

until the whole Funds of the Bankrupt are collected and distributed among his Creditors: Providing always.

That after the second Dividend is made, a Atajority of the Creditors in Value, at any General Meeting called

for the Purpose in Manner before specified, may determine that future Dividends shall be made after a ihorter

Interval, and the Affairs of the Trull: brought to a more speedy Close; and even before the Period assigned for

the first Dividend as aforesaid, it shall be competent to Four-fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value

present at the Meeting after the last Diet of the Bankrupt’s Examination, or at any After-Meeting called for

the Purpose, to direct the Trustee to apply for the Authority of the Court of Session to make the first Divi-

dend at an earlier Period than the End of the first Year, but not earlier than six Months from the Date of the

first Deliverance aforesaid, if upon Cause shewn it shall be found expedient so to do, and also to ac-

celerate the Time for making the second and other Dividends; and irveafe there be any Failure to make such

Dividends in the Manner hereby directed, it shall be competent for any one Creditor either to apply by Peti-

tien to the Court of Session to have the Trustee removed, or to require him to call a General Meeting of the

Creditors to deliberate what Couife shall be taken; and no Creditor {hall draw any Share of the different

Distributions, unless his Grounds of Debt, and Oath on the Verity thereof* shall have been lodged with

the Trustee previous to the respective Times before mentioned when the Dividends are ascertained by the

Commissioners, but he shall be entitled in the next Distribution which happens after the Grounds of Debt

are so. produced and proved, to draw out of the first of the remaining Fund in the Trustee’s Hands a Sum

equal to the former Dividend or Dividends on his Debt, with Deduction of five per Centum on the said Divi-

dends, which is to be retained by the T ruftee for the common Behoof, on Account of the Creditor’s Delay;

and in making up the said Schemes of Division, all Debts claimed on which are entitled to a Preference by

the Law of Scotland, not altered by this Act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Questions upon this AQt,

Persons to whom the Debtor is under Obligation to pay Adoney at a certain future Time, shall be accounted

Creditors de presenti for the Amount of the Money, difeounting the Interest to the Term of Payment specified

in the Obligation, and may prove their Debts in the fame Way as other Creditors, and shall be entitled to

their ratjable Dividends accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Claim is entered by a Cre-

ditor upon any Obligation, the Existence or Amount of which depends upon a Contingency which is still

unascertained at the Period of lodging the Claim, the Trustee shall rank the Claimant as if the Condition

were purified, but the Dividend or Sum which the Claimant would be entitled in that Cafe to draw, shall

again be deposited in the Bank or Banking House appointed by the Creditors as before, or lent out on herit-

able Security by the Trustee at the Sight of the Claimant, at such Rate of Interest as can be got for the fame*

and the Interest thereupon arising shall belong to the Creditors, and be included in the Fund for their Divi-

dends, until the Contingency upon which the Obligation depends shall be declared, when the Dividend so

deposited shall belong to the Claimant, or the other Creditors, according to the Terms of the Obliga-

tien; but such contingent Claims shall not be sufficient to authorize a Petition for Sequestration, un-

less in so far as the Amount of them is dearly ascertained, and the Condition purified, before presenting the

Petition.

XXXIX. And be it ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Creditors shall hold any

preferable Security or Lien for Payment of his Debt, obtained prior to the Date of the first Deliverance oil

the Petition for Sequestration, and not set aside by this Act, upon any Part of the Bankrupt’s Estate or Effects,

the Amount or V alue of such Security or Lien shall be deducted from his Debt, and he shall be only ranked

and draw a Dividend for the Balance after such Deduction; and if any Dispute shall arise about the Value of

such Security or Lien, or the Amount of what it will yield in Extinction of the Debt, the Trustee, with Con-

sent of a Majority of the Commissioners, shall put a Value upon, and the Claimant shall have an Option*

either to dedudl the Value thus fixed from the Amount of his Claim, reserving the full Effect of his Secu-

rity, or to draw the said Value, in the first Placevout of the Sums to be divided, and to draw his just Share of

the Remainder of the divisible Funds corresponding to the Balance of his Claim, in which last Cafe he shall

be obliged to convey the Security or Lien to the Trustee for Behoof of the whole Creditors, such pre-

fer balcClaimant being in no Event entitled to more than his full Payment.

XL. And

j

3

c. oooole

