272

One of such Cer»

tificates to be

transmitted to

the Out-pen*

fioner, and the

other to the

C».m mi tinners

of the Revenue

i:t Ireland.

When the Re-

venue Officer*

in Ireland are

suthnnfeJ to

grant Receiptflo

discharged Petty

Otficert, &c. for

Foreign Remove

Ticket*, &c.

and flsall trans-

mit the famr

with the Decef-

iat y Document?,

the Commis-

Ronerc of ;ht

Navy to cause

Remittance Cer-

tificates to be

made out for the

Balance, dec.

Anno tricesimo feenndo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

N° Royal Hospital, Greenwich.

Day of

in the County of

being an Out-pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, is

4 intitled to the Sum of Sterling, and that he has desired

4 the fame to be paid by the

4 T Certify that B. D. of

c 1

£■

S.

d.

4 To the Commissioners of

4 the Revenue in

4 Ireland

4 Signed A. B. Treasurer of the Royal Hospital, or his First Clerk.

4 Attested C. D. Steward or Clerk of the Check of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

4 By virtue of the Act of

4 George the Third.

N. B. This Certificate, if Payment in consequence thereof be not demanded in nine Calendar

4 Adonths from the Date hereof, to be returned to the Treasurer of Gree?iwich Hospital.—The

4 personating or falsely affirming the Name and Character of any Out-pensioner of- Greenwich

4 Hospital, in order fraudulently to receive the Pension due to such Pensioner, is made Felony,

4 without Benefit of Clergy, by an Act passed in Ireland, thirty of George the Third.

THE Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed is directed by an Act passed in Ireland, thirty

George the Third, Cap. , to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth,

by the Oath of the Person presenting the fame ; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the

€ Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward ; but if he shall not be able to pay the

Amount, from not having Publick Money sufficient in his Hands, he shall note the Cause of his refuting

« Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at furthest: from that Time, and shall deliver

back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners, it shall

appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily delayed Payment, taken any Fee, or made

« any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.’

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the aforesaid Certificate shall be made

out, and signed, and attested, the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital shall cause the fame to be cut

asunder indentwife through the oblique Lines, Flourifhes, or Devices, and shall cause one Duplicate of the

fame to be transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and specified therein, and the other Duplicate to

be transmitted forthwith to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to whom such Certificate shall be

so addressed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the

Legislature of the Kingdom of Ireland, authorizing and directing the Revenue Officers in that Country to

receive and grant Acknowledgments and Receipts to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Of-

ficers of Marines, and Marines, who shall have been discharged from his Majesty’s Service as disabled or

unserviceable for such Foreign-remove Tickets, Hospital Certificates of Discharge, or Passage Certificates

as shall be delivered into their Hands, in order to transmit the fame to the Commissioners of the Navy ill

London, in the Manner which the Revenue in Great Britain are directed to transmit such Tickets and Cer-

tificates, by the Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty herein-before re-

cited ; and when by such Authority such Revenue Officers in Ireland shall transmit the fame, with the Ad-

drefsof such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall deliver

the fame into his Hand, together with a Certificate granted to him by the Master of the Vessel in which he

shall have arrived, or by forne reputable Inhabitant of the Place where such Revenue Officer resides, and

who shall be known to him, letting forth that he knows such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned

Officer of Marines, or Marine, and believes him to be the Party intitled to hold the Tickets and Certifi-

cates which he shall so deliver, then, and in that Cafe, when and so often as the said Commissioners of the

Navy shall receive such Tickets and Certificates, they shall cause the Day upon which they receive the

fame to be indorsed thereon, and direct them to be examined by the Muster Books, if received ; and shall

make or cause to be made out, within three Days, a Remittance Certificate for the Net Balance due upon

such Tickets and fiuh Certificates, or upon the Ships Books for which such Ticket or Tickets shall have

been made out, in case the Ship or Ships shall have been paid for the Time, and which Remittance Certifi-

cates they are hereby directed and required to make out, assign, attest, forward, and transmit, in the Manner

herein-before directed in Cafes of Certificates made out upon Allotments transmittted to them on Account

of Petty or Inferior Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Alarines, and Marines, remit-

ting Part of their Wages to Ireland, and shall certify the Wages to be due and payable only to the said

Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-comm ilfioned Officer of Maiines, or Marine, upon whose Account such

Remittance Certificate shall have been made; and shall also specify and describe the Revenue Officer who

shall have transmittid the aforesaid 'Tickets and Certificates to the said Commissioners of the Navy, and

which Remittance Certificates shall be made out in the Form herein-bdore directed in Cafes of Parties

desiring

