Ai D. 1791. Anno tficefimo primo Georgii III. C. 32.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the net Produce of all Duties

Which shall be so imposed shall at all Tirhes hereafter be applied to and for the Use of each of the said Pro-

vinces respectively, and in such Manner only as shall be directed by any Law or Laws which may be made

by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council and

Assembly of such Province.

6 XLVIII. And whereas, by Reason of the Distance of the said Provinces from this Country, and of the

c Change to be made by this Act in the Government thereof, it may be necessary that there should be feme

4 'Interval of Time between the Notification of this Act to the said Provinces respectively, and the Day of

c its Commencement within the said Provinces reflectively lie it therefore enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to fix and

declare, or to authorise the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Province of Quebec, or the Person ad-

ministering the Government there, to fix and declare the Day of the Commencement of this Act within the

said Provinces respectively, provided that such Day shall not be lafrr than the thirty-first Day of December in

the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

XLtX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time to be fixed by his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, or under his or their Authority, by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person admi-

niftering the Government in each of the said Provinces respectively, for ifilling the Writs of Summons and

Election, and calling together the Legislative Councils and Assembliesof each of the said Provinces reflective-

ly, shall not be later than the thirty-first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-two.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such Interval as may

happen between the Commencement of this Act, within the said Provinces respectively, and the first Meeting

of the Legislative Council and Assembly of each of the said Provinces respectively, it shall and may be lawful

for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Province, or for the Person administering the Government

therein, with the Consent of the major Part of such Executive Council as shall be appointed by his Majesty

for the Affairs of such Province, to make temporary Laws and Ordinances for the good Government, Peace,

and Welfare of such Province, in the same Manner, and under the fame.Restrictions, as such Laws or Ordi-

nances might have been made by the Council for the Affairs of the Province of Stnebec, constituted by virtue

of the above mentioned Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ; and that such tem-

porary Laws or Ordinances shall be valid and binding within such Province, until the Expiration of six Months

after the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province shall have been first assembled by virtue of and

under the Authority of this Act; subject nevertheless to be sooner repealed or varied by any Law or Laws

which may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of the said

Legislative Council and Assembly.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described,

from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish

Religion, are by Law subject.

4 \T7 H E RE A S,by divers Laws now in force, divers Penalties and Disabilities have been imposed on

4 VV Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion, or holding Communion with the See of Rome,

4 and their Children, and certain Principles have been attributed to them which are dangerous to Society and

4 civil Liberty, and which they are willing to disclaim : And whereas it is expedient that such Persons as

4 shall take the Oath of Allegiance, Abjuration, and Declaration hereinafter mentioned, shall be relieved from

4 some of the Penalties and Disabilities aforesaidMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be en-

acted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

it shall be lawful for Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion personally to appear in any of his Ma-

jesty’s Courts of Chancery, King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, at West?iunjicr, or in any Court

of General Quarter Sessions of and for the County, City, or Place, where such Person shall rclide, and there, in

open Court, between the Hours of nine in the Morning and two in the Afternoon, take, make, and subscribe

the following Declaration and Oath \ videlicet,

44 J A\ B. do hereby declare, That I do profess the Roman Catholick Religion.”

44 T A\ B. dofincerely prorrrifeand swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

44 A King George the Third, and him will defend to the utmost of my Power against all Con (piracies and

44 Attempts whatever that shall be made against his Person, Crown, or Dignity ; and I vvill do my utmost

44 Endeavour todifclofe and make known to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all 1 reasons and trauerous

44 Conspiracies which may be formed against him or them : And I do faithfully promile to maintain, sup-

4C port, and defend, to the utmost of my Power, the Succession of the Crown ; which Succession, by an Afty

44 intituled, Aflfor the further Limitation of the Crown, and betterfe curing the Rights and Liberties of the Sub~

44 jiff, is and {lands limited to the Princess Sophia Eleftrefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs

31 Geo* JII. S “ ft

I 29

Such D jties to

be ipcliej totl.c

UP re-

fpcc'’v: Pro-

vince*.

His M jrfly mi

Council 10 li*

and declare ihe

Comm-norm ;nt

of this A&, See.

Time for issuing

the Writs of

Summons and

El;£ian, &c.

not to be later

than Dee. 31,

1792.

Between the

Commence ment

of thi' t\£tj ar.d

the first M-et;ng

of theLegiflitive

Council and Af-

fembly, tempo-

rary Laws may

be tfcade.

Preamble.

Roman Ca'ho-

licks may unite

the following

Declaration and

Oath, whi:b are

to re r.ain In the

Court of Record

where mace.

Dec brati. r.

Oath.

