33° C. 36, 37. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. . A.D. 1793.-

c Militia fhqjl not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament: And whereas his Ma-

c jelly has thought proper, for the more effectual Protection and internal Defence of that Part of Great

4 Britain called Scotland, to direct that Fencible Men, in several of the Shires in that Part of the United

4 Kingdom, should be forthwith raised and embodied: And whereas Officers serving In any of the said

4 Corps of Fencible Men (the Adjutants and Quarter Mailers excepted) will not by virtue of such Service

4 be entitled to receive Half-pay, or to have any Rank in the Army, after the said Corps shall have

4 been dismissed and disembodied, but will be similar to, and as near as may be on the fame Footing with

4 Officers serving in the Militia of England: And whereas his Majesty may think proper to grant Com-

4 millions to Officers to raile Corps for the Defence of this Country, the Officers of which Corps may

4 like wife not be intitled to receive Half-pay, or to hold any Rank in the Army, after the said Corps

4 shall have been reduced and disembodied Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Commissions in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Acceptance of a Commission in any

Fencible Re^i- Corps of Fencible Men, raised or to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other

inents in Scot- Corps which his Majesty may authorize and direct to be raised in any Part of Great Britain, in which

land, or in other none the Officers (except the Adjutants and Quarter Mailers) shall, by virtue of their Commissions in

Bri^inn*infCat the Corps, be intitled to Half-pay, or to any Rank in the Army after the Reduction of the said'Corps,

which only the shall not, nor shall be conllrued to vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

Adjutants and Quarter Mailers shall be entitled to Half-pay and Rank after Reduction, not to vacate Seats in Parliament.

Officers of furh II. 6 And whereas it is necessary to ascertain the Rank to be held by the Officers of certain Corps, raised or

Corp* and of the to be raised within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, called Fencible Men, or of any other Corps

M-hcia 10 Eng • of Men which may be raised within Great Britain, wherein such Officers shall not be intitled to Rank or Half-

ingVogeiher To" * PaV> excePt during the Time of the actual Service of such Corps, with respect to the Officers of the Mi-

ngle according c litia of that Part of Great Britain called Englandduring the Time that the Officers of such Corps, and of

to the Dates of the Militia, shall serve together \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of

Com millions. such Corps, and of the Militia of equal Degree, shall rank according to the Date^of their respective Com*

millions.

Half-pay Of- III- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who is intitled to Half-pay,

fierrs our'ng shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, En-

Ihcir ^rviccm f j e n, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, or Surgeon, in any such Corps as aforesaid, but that the lame dial I ne-

Liru'cnTnt^&c. verihcltfs continue \ and such Officer shall take the following Oath :

t*.) receive Half-

y.y. “ J A. B. do fivear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit,

O.-ih to betaken 4C Civil or Military, under his Majesty, be fide s my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

fcy iht.T. i4 late Rigimcni cf ‘ for Allovsance as in late Troop of

44 Horse Guards, or Regiment of Ph fe reduced, save and except my Pay as a Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant,

44 Quarter Master, or Surgeon (as the Cafe may be), for serving in a Regiment of Fencible Men, or other

44 Corps to be raised as aforesaid

The Allowance

of iz d, per Day

Day be received

by Serjeants of

Chelsea Hospital

serving in such

Cqrps.

And the taking of the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the said

Allowance, without taking any other Oath, any Thing in any other Act, Law, Statute, or Usage, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person, being a Serjeant on the

Establish ment of Chef a Hospital, at an Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, and being appointed to serve

in any Corps of Fencible Men, or other Corps to be raised as aforesaid, shall and may receive the said

Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Corps of Fencible Men, or other

Corps as aforesaid, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulatefbe

Price and Assize thereof *, and to pttnifh Persons who fljall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bt\ad,

with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are

to be brought.—[tothMay 1793.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-second Year of tile Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and t? re-

4 gulate the Price and Assize thereof \ and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; it

4 was amongst other Things (enacted. That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and ihty-eight, no Person should knowingly put into any Corn, Meal, or Flour, which

4 should be ground, drelTed, boiled, or manufaclurcd for Sale, either at the Time of grinding, dressing, bolt-

4 ing, or in anywise manufactureing the lame, or at any other Time or Times, any Ingredient, Mixture, or

4 Thing whatsoever, or should knowingly fell, offer, or expose to or for SJe, any Meal or Flour of one

4 Sbrt

I

