A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 68.

4 Asia, Africa, or America, are required to be navigated with a Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners

4 British Subjects; and the like Ships, importing certain Goods particularly enumerated and described in

4 the said Acts, are required to be in like Manner navigated, under the Penalty of Forfeiture of all such

Goods as shall be loaden and carried in any such Ship or Vefiel, with the Ship or Vessel, and all her Guns,

4 Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas the Safety and Strength of this Realm greatly depend

4 on the giving all possible Encouragement to the training up and Employment of British Mariners, and it is

4 therefore expedient that all BrUiJly Ships and Vessels should be required to be navigated in such Manner as

4 will best tend to promote that important Objedbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lprds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration

of six Months from the Conclusion of the present War, to be notified in Manner hereinafter mentioned, no

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in the

Kingdom of Great Britain, or in the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sarky or Many on board any

Ship or Vefiel which is or shall be registered, or which by Law is or shall be required to be registered, as a

British Ship or Vefiel, unless such Ship or Vefiel shall be navigated by a Master and Three-fourths, at

least, of the Mariners British Subjects.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of fix

Months from the Conclusion of the present War, to be notified in Manner hereinafter mentioned, no

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be expoited, or shipped, for the Purpose of Exportation,

from any Port or Place in the IGcgdom of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sarky or Man, on board any fuclrohip or Vefiel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vefiel shall be navigated

by a Master and Three-fourths, at least, of the Mariners Britishy Subjects.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of six Months from the Conclusion

of the present War, to be notified in Manner hereinafter mentioned, no Ship or Vefiel which is or shall be

registered, or which by Law is or shall be required to be registered, as a British Ship or Vefiel in any of the

Ports of Great Britain, Guernsey, ferfy, or The Iste of Man, or of any of the Colonies, Plantations,

Islands, or Territories belonging, or which may hereafter belong, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

shall be navigated but by a iMaster and Thr^e-fourths, at least, of the Mariners British Subjects, except as

is hereinafter provided.

IV. 4 And whereas, by the Laws now in force, Ships or Vessels employed in carrying any Goods or

4 Things whatever from one Port or Creek of Great Britain^ or of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

4 Sarky or Many to another Port or Creek of the fame, or of any of them, are required to be navigated with

4 a Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners, at least, British Subjects, under the Penalty of Forfeiture of

4 all such Goods as shall be loaden and carried in any such Ship or Vefiel, with the Ship or Vefiel, and all her

4 Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas it is expedient that all Ships or Vessels so em-

4 ployed, or failing in Ballast from one of the said Ports or Creeks to another, should be manned with, and

4 navigated wholly and Tolely by British Subjedsbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That, from and after six Months from the Conclusion bf the present War, to be notified in Manner

hereinafter mentioned, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatever shall be carried from any one Port,

Member, or Creek, or Place of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or

Many to any other Port, Member, Creek, or Place of the fame, or of any of them, in any such Ship or

Vefiel ; nor shall any such Ship or Vefiel be permitted to fail in Ballast from one of the said Ports or Creeks

to another ; nor shall any British Ship or Vefiel be permitted to fail from the Ports or Coafis of this Kingdom,

or of the Islands of Guernsey, 'ferfey, Alderney, Sarky or Many to be employed in fishing on the said Coasts,

unless such Ship or Vefiel shall respectively be wholly and solely manned with and navigated by a Master

and Mariners all British Subjects: Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for four or more of the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, and for three or more of the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs in Scotland respectively, by Licence under their Hands, for which no Fee shall be taken,

to authorize any such Ship or Vefiel employed in fishing on the Coast of Great Britaiiiy or of the Islands of

Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sarky or Many to have on board any Foreign Mariner or Mariners, for the

Purpose of intruding the British Mariners in such Ship or Vefiel in the Art of Fifliing, or taking or curing

Fish, such Foreign Mariner or Mariners not exceeding One-fourth of the Number of Mariners on board

such Ship or Vefiel.

V. And be it further enacted, That where it is required by this or any other Act that the Master, and

the Whole or any Proportion of the Mariners of any Ship or Vessel shall be British Subjects, the true Intent

and Meaning is, that the Master and the Whole, or such Proportions, shall be British Subjects during the

whole Voyage, unless in case of Sickness, Death, Desertion, or of the Whole or Part of the Crew being taken

Prisoners in the Voyage, and in such Cafe the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of

such Ship or Vefiel, shall specify the fame in his Report: Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in anywise affect, any Regulation for navigating or

manning of Ships employed in any of the Fisheries carried on from this Kingdom, or any Part of his

Majesty’s Dominions, for which any special Provision has been made by any Act or Acts in force before

the Com mencement of this Act.

VI. 4 And, to prevent all Doubts respecting the various Terms made use of in the several Laws of Navi-

4 gation with respect to who are to be deemed and taken to be qualified to be Matters of British Ships, or to

be British Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners J be it declared and enacted, That no Person shall from hence-

34 Geo. III. 4C forth

559

After fix Mon'hs

from the Con-

clufion of the

present War, no

Goods, &c.

to be imposed

into Great Bri-

tain, ,&c.

nor any Goods

exported from

thence in British

Viflels, unlef*

the Mader and

Ti ree-foorths

of the Ciew are

British Subjects;

nor any such

Vessels re^i^ered

in Great Brirain,

&c. to be other-

wife navigated

but as herein

provided.

No Goods to

be carried from

one Place to

another in Great

Brirain, &c. nor

any Vefiel to

fail in Ballast,

nor to fish on the

Coafis, unless

wholly manned

with British

Subjects.

Commissioners

of the Customs

may authorise

Vessels to have

Foreign Mari,

ners to instrult

Briri/h ones in

Fi/hing.

Proportions of

British Mariners

to befo the

whole Voyage,

unless in certain

Cafes.

Act not to alter

any Regulations

for which special

Provision has

been mades

Who ft) a I] be

deemed Britifts

Seamen.

