A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

desiring their Wages to be remitted to Ireland from Abroad, or to the like EfFeiSt, and addressed to the

Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

VIIL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Du-

plicate or Duplicates of any Ticket or Tickets, or the Mlufter Books or Pay Books for any Ship or Velfd

shall not be regularly transmittea to and received by the Commissioners of the Navy, in the Manner pre-

ferred by the A6\s of the thirty-first of George the Second, and thirty-second of his present Majesty, herein-

before recited, yet the Certificate or Certificates, to be made out and addressed to the Commissioners of the

Revenue in Ireland, in favour of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioncci Officer of Marines, cr

Marine, shall not be delayed or postponed for such Omission ; but if any Error, to the Detriment of the

Publick Treasure, shall be made in any Ticket by the Captain or Commanding Officer issuing cr making

out the fame, the Loss arising by such Error shall be made,good and compensated out of any Wages or Pay

due, or to grow due, to such Captain or Commanding Officer by whom such 'Picket was so made cut or

granted as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Wages, Pay, or

other Allowances of Money shall be justly due and become payable by the Treasurer of the Navy to any

Person residing in Ireland producing proper Authority to receive the same as Executor, Administrator,

Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor, as the Cafe may be, to any Petty Officer

or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, then and in that Cafe the Deputy Pav-

master of the Navy or Treasurer’s Clerk by whom such Sum or Sums shall become payable, shall make

out or cause to be made out a Remittance Certificate or Certificates for the fame, and which Certificate

shall be signed, attested, forwarded, and transmitted, in the Form and Manner herein-before directed in

Cafes of Parties desiring their Wages to be remitted to Ireland at the Pay of a Ship, and which Certificates

shall certify such Sum or Sums for which they shall be so drawn as being due and payable only to the Exe-

cutor, Administrator, Widow, next of Kin, Creditor, or Person named as Executor, as the Cafe may be,

who shall be named in the fame and intitled thereto, and shall also specify and describe the Name and Place

of Abode of such Person or Persons so certified to be intitled to such Wages or Pay of such Inferior Officer

or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall be therein also specified ; and such

Certificates {hall be addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and written or printed ac-

cording to the Form herein-before specified, wherein Remittance is made to Ireland at the Pay of a Ship.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the Legifla-

ture of the Kingdom of Ireland, making Provision for Payment in that Country of Ceitificates issued by

the Commissioners of his Majestry’s Navy in favour of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned

Officer of Marines, or Marine, or in the favour of the Wife, Father or Mother, Grandfather, Grand-

mother, Brother or Sister of any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or

Marine, belonging to any of his Majesty’s Ships, or in favour of any other Person, for receiving any

Money on Account of the Wages or Pay of any such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Of-

ficer of Marines, or Marine, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and for the

Payment in that Country of any Certificates ifihcd by the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich on

Account of any Out-pensioner olJGreenwich Hospital, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in

Ireland, and the Sum specified in such respective Certificates shall have actually been paid by, or by the Direc-

tien of, the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to the Persons intitled to receive the same, such Sums

shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the

fame to the said Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or to their Order, upon the Certificate on which

the Acknowledgment of the Receipt of such Money shall be indorsed, together with the Duplicate thereof,

being produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, if the said Certificates have been issued by

the Commissioners of the Navy, or any of them, or to the Treasurer of the Navy, if the Certificates have

been issued by the Treasurer o{'Greenwich Hospital, or his First Clerk; but in case the Duplicates of such

Certificates, ifl'ued respectively by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any of them, or by the Treasurer

of Greenwich Hospital, or his First Clerk, addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, shall

not be produced and delivered to the Collector or Revenue Officer to whom it shall have been addressed in

Ireland, and the Payment thereof be demanded within nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then,

upon such Certificates being returned by the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to the Commis-

sioners of the Navy, or to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, by whom such Certificates may have been

issued respetStively, they shall cause such Certificates to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the

cancelling thereof, the Sum or Sums contained in such Certificate or Certitica es shall accrue and belong to

such Inferior Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or Pensioner of Green-

wich Hospital, for whose Wages, Pay, Pension, or Allowance, the fame was respectively made our, or to

his Attorney or Attornies, or to his lawful Rcprefcntativcs in case he shall be dead, in the same Manner as

if such Certificate had never been made out and issued.

XI. And be it further enacted. That all and every such Ticket and Tickets, Duplicate and Duplicates,

and Remittance Certificate and Remittance Certificates respectively herein-before directed to be made out

and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers for the Treasurer of the

Navy, for so much Money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all or any such Ticket, Duplicate,

or Remittance Certificate respectively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as

such in passing his Accounts, and in his Accounts with the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

XII. And be it also enacted. That if any Person, from and after the first Day of August one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-two, shall faliely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made,

N n z forged.

273

P.ynrnt of Cer-

tificates »o: to be

pv'fl pored,

enough the Pu-

plican sof Tuk-

e*(9 or the M uf-

ter iUx'ks, may

not hive been

regularly tr.n-

milted so the

Navy Office.

Error in Tickets

to be made good

by the Persons

granting them.

Remittance Cer-

tificates to be

made out for

W^grs pay able

to Executors,

Arc. residing in

Ireland, as in

Cafes of Parties

desiring their

Wages to be re.

mi.led there.

Money paid in

Ireland on Cer-

tificates, to be

ref aid to the

Commissioneri

of the Revenue,

by the Treasurer

of the Na\y.

If Duplicates of

Certificates 1 e

not j reduced for

Payment withii

nine Months

from the Date,

they shall be

cancelled on

their being re-

turned to Eng-

land.

Tickets, Sec. to

he Vouchers for

the Treaiurer of

the .N jvy.

Perfansrour.ter-

festirg Cer.ifi-

catrs, Ac. guilty

offelony.

