A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. C. 28, 29.

Bahama, Bermuda or Somers Islands, or to any Part of the Province of Quebec, or of Nova Scotia, or any

of the Territories belonging to his Adajesty in North America, for the Purpose of residing and settling there,

it {hall be lawful for any such Person or Persons, having first obtained a Licence for that Purpose from the

Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant Governor of the said I Hands, Colonies, or Provinces respective-

ly, to import into the fame, in British Ships owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to

Law, any Negroes, Household Furniture, Utensils of Husbandry, or Cloathing, free of Duty : Provided al-

ways. That such Household Furniture, Utensils of Husbandry, and Cloathing, shall not in the Whole exceed

the Value of fifty Pounds for every White Person that shall belong to such Family j and the Value of forty

Shillings for every Negro brought by such White Person ; and if any Dispute {hall arilc as to the Value of

such Household Furniture, Utensils of Husbandry, or Cloathing, the fame {hall be heard and determined by the

Arbitration of three British Merchants at the Port where the fame {hall be imported, one of such British Mer-

chants to be appointed by the Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant Governor of such Island or Province,

one by the Collector of the Customs at such Port, and one by the Person so coming with his Family.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Sales or Bargains for the Sale of any Negro, Household Furni-

ture, Utensils of Husbandry, or Cloathing, so imported, which {hall be made within twelve Calendar

Months after the Importation of the fame, (except in Cafes of the Bankruptcy or Death of the Owner

thereof), {hall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That every White Person so coming to reside, if above the Age of four-

teen Years, {hall, and he is hereby.required, immediately after his Arrival, to take and subscribe the Oath

of Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or

Chief Magistrate of the Place where such Person {hall arrive, and at the fame Time swear that it is his In-

tention to reside and settle in such Island or Province; for which Oaths such Governor, Lieutenant Gover-

nor, or Chief Magistrate, {hall receive the same Fee, and no more, as is payable by Law on administering

the Oath of Allegiance in Cafes where the fame is now by Law required.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum from his Majesty’s West India

Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum

Arabic, or Gum Senega.

4 TT WHEREAS it will be highly useful to several Sorts of Manufadhires, that Cashew Gum {hould be

4 VV imported upon no higher Duty than Gum Arabic and Gum Senega is now allowed to be im-

4 ported \ be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety, Cashew Gum the Growth or Produblion of any of his Majesty’s IVcJi India Islands, (in which the

Bahama and Bermuda or Somers Islands are included), {hall and may be imported into any Port of Great

Britain, in British Ships, owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law, on Payment

. of the fame Duty, and no other, as is now paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, into any

Port of Great Britain; and such Duty {hall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and applied, in the

same Manner as the said Duty upon Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega, is raised, levied, collected, paid, re-

covered, and applied.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay,

and Santa Lucea in the Island cf Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island

of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau

in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations

and ReftrUlions\ and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Com-

modities the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of

Quebec.

4 T WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Afl

4 VV for allowing the Importation awl Exportation of certain Golds, JVa>'es, and Merchandize, in the Ports

4 of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port

4 of Saint George In the Istand of Grenada, in the Port of Rovau in the Island of Dominica, and in

4 the Port of NalFau in the Island of New Providence, enr of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations

4 and Rcjlrifiions, it is enacted, That certain Articles therein mentioned, being the Growth or Production

4 of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign

4 European

1

*5

rlca, settling in

the Bahama

Hlandf, &c.

may import

Negroes, Sec,

Duty-free, to

the Value

herein specified.

Sec,

Salct of Ne-

groes, &c. so

imported within

12 Months, to

be void.

All White Per-

fons coming so

to reside, to take

the Oath of Al-

legiance, it up-

wards of 14

Years old.

Preamble.

From July

1790, Cafhe«r

Gum of the

West India

Islands may be

imponed on

Payment of the

fame Duties as

Cum Araoic,

Preamble.

27 Geo. 3.

Cap. tj, recited.

Uiooooie

