A.D. 1790. Anno tricesinio Georgii III. C. 44^ 45.

any such Goods whatsoever, whether such Goods shall be condemned or not, and alfoof the Charges and

Expences arising from the Condemnation and Sale, or other Disposal of any such Goods, whether the Pro-

duce arising from the Sale or other Disposal thereof shall be sufficient to answer the said Charges and Expences

or not, to be paid out of his Majesty’s Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of Seizures which have been

or shall and may be seized and condemned; and all and every Officer and Officers, who shall have made'any

such Seizure, shall, in every such Cafe, be allowed by the said Commissioners such his or their respective

Share and Proportion of the nett Produce arising by the Sale, or other Disposal thereof, in full, without de-

ducting therefrom the said Charges and Expences, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, as such Officer or Offi-

cers respectively was or were by Law intitled unto before the making of this Act, and the Residue of such

Produce the said Commissioners shall cause to be paid and applied to such Uses and Purposes as his Majesty’s

Share of the Produce of such Seizures is by Law applicable unto.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of

Physic.

“ His Majesty is impowered to grant to the Reverend Francis Willis an Annuity of xoooot. for 21 Years; to

44 be paid clear of all Charges.”

CAP. XLV.

An Act for converting certain Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship

in Clafies, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities

for an absolute Term of Years j and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to

nominate Lives for the Shares so converted.

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an Act made and passed in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An

Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities,. to be attended with the Benefit of Sur-

4 vivorflrip in Gaffes j, several Persons who had become Contributors towards raising the Sum of one million

4 two thousand five hundred Pounds, have actually advanced and paid to the Ca(hier or Cashiers of the Go-

4 vernor and Company of the Bank of England the full Sums contributed: And whereas the several Contri-

4 butors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, are at Liberty, for every en-

4 tire Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings advanced and paid, to name the Life of ibme one Person,

4 either of such Contributor or some other Life, at any Time or Times on or before the tenth Day of October

4 one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in Manner in the said Act directed, and by virtue thereof will be-

4 come intitled from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for and during the

4 Life of the Nominee who shall be appointed, to an Annuity, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivor-

4 ship in Clafies, in Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the several Contributors, their respec-

4 tive Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or some of them, are or may be willing and desirous to have

4 such respective Interests converted into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years herein-after men-

4 tioned :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confentofthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Per-

fons who are interested in, or may be intitled to, any Life Annuity or Annuities, with Benefit of Survivor-

ship as in the said Act is granted, and who shall be possessed of any Certificate or Certificates, made out by

the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the said Act,

their respective Agents or Assigns, shall and may, at any Time or Times on or before the twentieth Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, carry the said Certificate or Certificates to the Auditor of

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to be exchanged for other Certificates to be made out by the said

Auditor, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and shall and may, by Writing on the Back of every such

Certificate, elect to have his, her, or their Interest of 2nd in any such Life Annuity or Annuities, with Bene-

fit of Survivorship, converted into Annuities for such certain and absolute Term or Terms of Years as herein

is mentioned; and the said Auditor shall and is hereby required, on the Receipt of any such Certificate or

Certificates, after computing the Interest to become due thereon on the tenth Day of October one thousand

seven hundred and ninety, to give a Receipt for the fame, expressing the principal Sum or Sums of Money

contained in such Certificate or Certificates, and the said Interest to become due thereon, and cause the said

Certificate or Certificates to be filed in the Office of the said Auditor; and the said Auditor shall, in Lieu

thereof, cause to be made out a distinct Certificate in respect of every entire Sum of one hundred Pounds and

five Shillings, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of the principal Sums

contained in the Certificates remaining filed in the said Office, for which Certificates no Fee or Reward shall

be taken, nor Stamp Duty paid; and the Person or Persons who shall be possessed of any such last mentioned

Certificate or Certificates, shall, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company, be intitled to

have, receive, and enjoy an Annuity, at and after the Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, for

and upon every entire Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, which shall be expressed in such last

mentioned Certificate or Certificates, to commence from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety, and to continue for a certain T erm of sixty-nine Years and one Quarter of a Year, and then

toceafej which said Annuity of four Pounds and five Shillings shall be paid and payable half-yearly, by even

H 2 and

5*

Vessels, &c. to

b? paid out of

his Majesty's

Sh ire of any

Seizure, &c. ;

and the Officer

to receive his

full Share of the

nett Produce.

&c.

Preamble.

29 Geo. IH.

Cap. 41. recited.

Till Sept. 20,

1790, Certifi-

cates granted

under the recited

Act may be ex-

changed at the

Exchequer for

Certificates for

Annuities of

4I. 5s. for erery

jool. 5s. for 69

Years and one

Quarter, from

Oft. 10, 1790,

&c.

Auditor on re-

ceiving Certifi-

cates to give a

Receipt for the

Principal, and

Interest to Oft.

10, 1790, and

to file such Cer-

tificates, &c.

Annuities pay-

able half-yeaily*

