592

C. 77—79. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III, A.D. 1794.

CAP. LXXVII.

An for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from Bury Bridge in the Parish of

Bury, by Hajlingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[4th April 1794.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An A3t for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerby

Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal

of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\

and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal,—[4th April 1794.]

34 Geo. III.

Cap. 5, recited.

His Majesty may

appoint five

Commissioners.

Commissioners

to take the

following

Oath,

Commissioners

may meet and

appoint Officer*,.

&c.

No Fee to be

taken by Offi-

cers.

Residents in

Great Britain,

on Jan. 1,1794,

or Cince, who

have Money,

Notes, or any

CAP. LXXIX,

An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of his Majesty's

Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons refidenc in France, for the Benefit

of the Individual Owners thereof.—[7th July 1794.J

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing

4 ▼ V Money or Effects in the Hands of his Majestys Subjects, belonging toy or disposable by, Persons

4 refulent in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France,

and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof divers Provisions

4 have been made respecting Money and Effects in the Hands of his Majesty’s Subjects, belonging to, or

4 disposable by, Persons resident within the Dominions of France, and the Territories and Places under the-

4 Government of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France: And whereas it is expe-

4 dient that more effectual Provisions should be made for the Preiervation of such Money and Effedls than

4 such as are contained in the said Act:’ May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great

Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, authorize, and appoint five able, sufficient, and discreet Persons, Na-

tives of and resident within Great Britain, to be Commissioners for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned,

II. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Commissioners named in such

Letters Patent, before he shall enter upon the Execution of the said Office, shall take an Oath, (or, being

one of the People called Quakers, a solemn Affirmation,) the Tenor whereof shall be das follows

(that is to say,)

44 T A\ B. do swear [or affirm], That I will execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me in pur—

“ fuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act,] with Fidelity and Secrecy, accord*

44 ing to the Tcnor and Purport of the said Ac!.

44 So help me GOD.”

Which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be administered by any one of the said Commissioners to any

other or others of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed shall have Power to meet

and fit from Time and Time, in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without

Adjournment; and shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary, and so many Officers as they shall

think meet, and allow to such Secretary and Officers, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords-

Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in Writing under their Hands, such reasonable Sa-

laries as the said Commissioners so to be appointed shall think meet; and shall and may give and administer

to such Secretary and Officers respectively an Oathfor their faithful Demeanour in all Things relating to the

due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissionerrs, and in all other Things touch-

ing the Premises, and for their keeping secret all Matters with which they shall be intruded by the said

Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time at their Difcration,

to dismiss and discharge such Secretary and other Officers, and appoint others in their Place.; and the said

Secretary and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them

severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such Service, other than such Salaries and

Rewards as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken by any

public Officer or Officers, for any Thing done in Execution of this present Act, or of the said re-

cited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons residing or being in Great Britain

who on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four was or were, or at any Time

subsequent thereto, during the present War, has or have been, or shall be knowingly possessed of ot entitled

to, or had or have, or shall have, in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any Money, Deeds, Bondsy Bills*

Notes, Stocks, Funds, or other Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Property, or Effedls,

of

t^oooole

