A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georg 11 III. C. 2.

sand seven hundred and ninety-one, there {hall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for

'he Ufcof his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi'ors, for and upon all Malt, the Rates, Duties, and Malt Im-

positions herein-alter mentioned; (that is to say,)

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which, at any Time or Times, shall be made of Barley, or any

other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick

upon Tweed, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the fame shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum

of three Pence, ana so proportionably for any greater or Ids Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers

thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions charged or chargeable there-*

upon, or that may be payable for the fame:

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which, at any Time or Times, shall be made of Barley, or any

other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ by any Person or Persons whom-

soever, whether the fame shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, and so proportion-

ably for any greater or iefs Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and

above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable

for the fame:

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which, at any Time or Times, shall be brought from Sccthnd

into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, and so

proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, over and above the Duty herein-before granted upon Malt

maae in Scotland, and all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that

may be payable for the fame.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall also be raised, levied, collected,

paid, and satisfied unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every .Bushel

of Malt whether ground or unground, made of Barley or of any other Corn or Grain, belonging to any

Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, victualler,

or Vinegar Maker, either in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of

any other Person or Persons whatever in Trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Uie, Be-

nefit, or Account, upon the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the Sum

of three Pence, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon

Tweed; and the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland5 and so pro-

portronably for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively possessed of

such Malt, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or

that may be payable for the fame : Provided always, that the said additional Duty, hereby directed to be im-

posed, raised, and satisfied to his Majesty on the said Malt which shall be in the Possession of any such Per-

fons as are herein-before defer ibed, on the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

one, shall be collected and paid in Manner following; (that is to lay,) one third Part thereof on the fifth

Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; one third Part thereof on the fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and the remaining one third Part thereof on the fifth

Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

HI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed,

as shall arise in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall

arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in .Scotland for the

Time being.

4 IV. And whereas several Maltsters, who have fold or contracted for the Sale of Malt, may not have

* delivered the fame to the Buyers thereof before the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred

4 and ninety-one, and it,is reasonable that such Buyers should reimburse to the said Maltsters all such Money

4 as they shall have paid for the Duty charged thereon by virtue of this Adibe it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Person shall have fold or contracted for the Sale of any

Malt, and shall not have delivered the fame to the Buyer or Person who shall have contracted for the Pur-

chafe thereof, before the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, every such

Sale and Contract shall, and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been

made; and the Buyer or Person wiio shall have contracted for the Purchase of any such Malt, shall, and is

'hereby required, at the Time of the Delivery thereof, to pay to the Person who shall have fold or contracted

for the Sale of such Malt (over and above the Price agreed to be given for the fame) all such Money as shall

have been charged for the Duty thereon by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Directions, Rules, Methods, Exemptions, Deductions, Bounties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt;

tnd for raising the Sum of eight Millions by way of Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties ;

and to prevent thefraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for mating

forth L) up h cates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts\ Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft,

burnt, or athervuife deJlroyed\ or as are contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in the said Act

mentioned, or referred unto, or any of them, are provided, settled, eltabliflied, prescribed, or directed, for

managing* ascertainuig* securing, railing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, ad-

juring*

69

lowing addi-

tional Duties to

be paid, vis.

For every Bushel

of Malt, made

in England,

Wales and Ber-

wick upon

Tweed, 3d.

and

For every Bushel

made in Scot-

land, id. 2<p

For every Bushel

brought from

Scotland into

England, Sec. id.

2q. over the Du-

ty upon Malt

madeinScoiland.

For every Bushel

of Malt in the

Poireifion of any

Maltster, See. on

Jan. 5, 1791,an

additional Duty

of 3d. in Eng.

land. See. and of

id. iq. in Scot-

land ; to be paid

at the Times

herein speufied#

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissionerf

of Excise in

England and ’

Scotland re-

spectively.

Bayers cf MaU,

contra£ted for

before Jan 5,

1791, and not

delivered till af-

ter that Day, to

pay the additi-

onal Duty, &c.

Powers of 33

Geo. t. c. 7,

&c. to extend to

this Act,

