A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

thereof, the Bill or Certificate is to be returned and cancelled, and the Sum contained therein is to become

payable to such Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, when the Ship shall be paid.

10. In like Manner when Wages shall be due to Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, who shall have

been discharged un'serviceable, or to the Heirs or Executors of Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, or to

those who shall administer as their principal Creditors, and who in either Cafe shall not be in London, or at

any of the Out-ports where Seamen’s Wages are paid; or when Wages shall be paid at the Pay Office, or at

any of the Out-ports, and any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall be desirous to remit the Whole or

Part of his Wages to himself, his Wife, Children, or Parents, or to any other Person, and to have a Bill or

Certificate for the fame drawn upon any such Receiver-general, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, or Com-

missioners of the Revenue in Ireland, then, and in each of these Cafes, two Bills or two Certificates are to be

made out, one of which is to be delivered to such Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or sent or delivered to such

Heir, Executor, or Creditor, and the other to be sent to such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, or

to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, who shall pay or cause to be paid immediately the Sum

therein mentioned, without any Fee or Reward, and who shall be repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, and

shall return the Bill, if unpaid after six Months, in the Manner directed by the former Clause.

11. If any Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, shall not have in his Hands Money to answer any

Bill or Certificate tendered by the Party in whose Favour the fame is made out, and shall refuse or delay the

immediate Payment thereof, he is to indorse on such Bill or such Certificate the Cause of his Refusal or Delay,

and appoint for Payment fomeDay within one Month after such Tender; and if upon Complaint to the

Commissioners respectively appointed to manage the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commis-

sioners of the Navy, or the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, respectively, it shall appear that any

such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed Payment,

or that he, or any Person employed by or under him, hath taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount or

Deduction on account of Payment of any such Bill or such Certificate, such Commissioners may fine such

Offender in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds.

12. Every Officer or Seaman who shall be turned over from one Ship to another shall not serve or be rated

in a worse Quality or lower Degree than he served in or was rated for in the former Ship.

13. Every supernumerary Man serving ten Days in any Ship shall be borne for and entitled to his Wages

upon the Books of such Ship, and to all other Benefits, as if he was Part of the Complement of such Ship ;

but Men lent from one Ship to another shall continue to be borne for and entitled to their Wages upon the

Books of the Ship from which they were lent, until they shall be regularly discharged from thence, and in

no other.

14. Anyffnferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, who shall be desirous to execute a Will or a Power of At-

torney, and shall at that Time belong to any Ship, must execute the fame on Board of such Ship, unless he

should be at Sick Quarters.

If made on Board it mud be attested by the Commanding Officer and one other Signing Officer belonging

to the Ship, and must specify the Number at which the M aker (lands rated upon the Ship's Books; if at Sick

Quarters, it must be attested by the Agent, and must specify his Number.

If he shall have been discharged the Service, and shall be within the Bills of Mortality of the Cities of

London and IVcflmhifter, his Will or Power must be attested before the Inspector or his Assistant at the Navy

Pay Office in London.

If he shall be at Porifmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within seven Miles of either of these Places, his

Power must be attested by a Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at such Place.

If he shall be in any other Place in Great Britain or Ireland, his Will or Power of Attorney must be at-

tested by the Minister and two Churchwardens, or two Elders of the Parish where he shall be at the Time of

executing the fame.

All Wills and Powers of Attorney made by Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, must contain the

full Description of the Residence, Profession or Business of the Person who shall be therein appointed

Attorney or Executor, and also the Name of the Ship to which such Officers, Seamen, or Marines last

belonged; and if made on Board, or at Sick Quarters, the Number at which their Names flood on their re-

spetftive Ship’s Books: Every Letter of Attorney must be declared in the Body thereof to be revocable.

A Certificate of Discharge must be produced to whoever shall attest any Will or Power of Attorney made

on Shore by Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, and forwarded to the Inspector w'ith such Will or Power,

or a Reason must be given for the fame not being produced, which shall be noted on the Back of the Will or

Power, and must be admitted as satistactory at the Pay Office before a Check can be ifhied.

All Powers of Attorney and Wills made by Inferior Officers, Seamen, and Marines, inuft be delivered to

those who attest them, who are directed to forward them immediately to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster

of the Navy at the Pay Office in London, to be there kept as Vouchers; and as soon as they are ascertained

to be authentick, by Investigation to be made at such Office, (for which Purpose the Inspector shall

have free Aecefs to all Pay and A'luster Books of Ships, and to all Hospital Returns,) Checks in lieu of

the fame will be issued to the Parties named as Attornies or Executors, that shall be to them the fame as the

original Powers of Attorney and Wills. All Wills and Powers of Attorney, made by Inferior Officers or

Seamen, prior to the fir it Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or by Marines prior to

the firit Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, must be sent to the Navy Pay Office in

London, where they mail be examined and approved of, and stamped by the Inspector before any Payment of

Wages, or other Allowances, can be made upon them.

15. Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, may grant Orders instead of Powers of Attorney, in Cafes

where the Wages due and payable to them for their Sci vices do not exceed (even Pounds, but which Orders

1 mull

277

31 Geo. 2. c. 10:

extended to Ma-

rines by 32 Geo.

3. c. 33. to Heirs

and Cieditors by

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

and to Ireland by

31 Geo. 3.C. 67,

31 Geo.2.r. 10.

extended to Ma-

rines by 32 Geo.

3. c. 3 3. and to

Heirs and Cre-

ditors by 32 Geo*

3*c* 34*

31 Geo. 2. c. io»

Ditto.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63.

ex'ended 10 Ma-

rines by 32 Geo.

3. c. 34.

Di:to. Ditto,

Ditto, Ditto.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34,

26 Geo. 3, c. 63,

26 Geo. 3. c. 63,

32 Geo. 3.C. 34.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63.

extended to Ma»

rines determined by *,a Jto,

3. c. 34.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

32 Geo, 3. c, 34.

