A.D. 1790.

ving Annoying tricesimo G e o r g i i III.

C. 40.

47

Notice (and which Attendance such Officer is hereby required to give accordingly) {hall, in the Presence of

such Officer, weigh all such Snuff intended to beliquored or damped, and liquor or damp the fame ; and im-

mediately after the fame shall have been so liquored or damped, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, in

the Presence of such Officer, reweigh the fame, and if the fame, upon being so weighed, shall not, by means

of such liquoring or damping, have increased in Weight more than such Snuff, at the Time of first taking

Account thereof by the Officer of Excise, fell short of the greatest Extent of Credit given to such Manufac-

turer or Manufacturers by the said Act or by this Act, for or in respect of such Kind of Snuff, then such Snuff"

shall (upon all and finguiar the Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein in that Pehalf prescribed be-

ing fully complied with, but not oaherwife) notwithstanding such Increase of Weight, be deemed and taken to

be a fair Commodity, and no Part thereof shall be forfeited for or by Reason of such Increase of Weight, but

such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall have Credit for the fame in Stock accordingly.

if VII. Provided always, and be it further enacSted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be No Snuff to b'e

deemed or construed to extend, to authorize any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff to liquor or damp 1;nu0ltd

any Snuff less in Quantity than two hundred Pounds Weight, nor to liquor ordamp any one Making of such ^b.'nor'i

Snuff" in more than four different Parcels. ' \™n

different Parcels of one Making.

XVI1L Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers Snuflr> fa which

shall keep all such Snuff, on which any such Allowance shall be made, separate and apart from all other Snuff [ucch jln A,ow-

in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, and shall from Time to Time shew the fame to the Officer of Ex- ^ade, to bekept

cife under whose Survey he, she, or they shall be, upon Demand, and declare at what Time or Times any fcparaic from all'

such Allowance shall have been made to him, her, or them, in respect of such Snuff', and the Amount of such other Snuff, &c.

Allowance, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Neglect or RefufaL on r*aaltj of

20 !.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Manufacturer or Manu- Scotch Snuff and;

fa£lurers of Snuff to manufacture Scotch Snuff" and Tobacco Stalk Flour into Brown Scotch Snuff, and also to Tobacco Stalk,

manufacture Tobacco Stalk Flour into Rappee Snuff', under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Re- F,our may be

ftriclions, Provisoes, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Notices, and Declarations, respectively, by this ™n“fanur'<i'

Ad or by the said Act prescribed, provided, or directed, for and in respect of the manufacturing of Snuff, and s™o°chTmifr

as the Cafe may require, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act. and Tobacco r

Stalk Flour into Rappee Snuff.-

XX. And be it further enacted, That in taking an Acconut of the Stock of all and every Manufacturer In taking Stock

and Manufacturers of Snuff', who shall have manufactured any Scotch Snuff with Tobacco Stalk Flour into ™hefe Scotch

Brown Scotch Snuff, or any Tobacco Stalk Flour into Rappee Snuff, or who shall have added Tobacco b^cco saikT°"

Stalk Flour to his, her, or their Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, ac- Flour have beta

cording to the Directions of this Act, all and every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall have a. Credit manufactured

according to the following Proportions ; (that is to say), mto Brown^

bacco Stalk into Rappee, or where Tobacco Stalk Flour has been added to Snuff Work for Rappee, etc. the Manufacturer to be allowed the following

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Scotch Snuff which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall Credits-

manufacture with Tobacco Stalk Flour for Brown Scotch Snuff', he, (lie, or they shall have a proper Credit,

not exceeding one hundred and forty-one Pounds Weight of Brown Scotch Snuff; and so in Proportion for

any greater or less Quantity of such Scotch Snuff so manufactured:

Eor every one hundred rounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk Flour, which such Manufacturer or Manufac-

turers shall manufacture with Scotch 'Snuff', for Brown Scotch Snuff, he, (he, or they, shall have a proper

Credit, not exceeding one hundred and thirty- three Pounds Weight of Brown Scotch Snuff; and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco Stalk Flour so manufactured:

For everyone hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk flour, which such Manufacturer or Manufac-

turers shall manufacture for Rappee Snuff, or shall add to his, her, or their Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff,

he, (he, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-eight Pounds Weight of such

Rappee Snuff; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such tobacco Stalk Flour which such'.

Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall so manufacture, or add to his, her, or their Snuff Works for Rappee Snuff:.

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk Flour which such Manufacturer or Manufac-

turers shall manufacture for Brown Scotch Snuff, or shall add to hisr her, or their Snuff Work for Brown

Scotch Snuff', he, (lie, or they shall have a proper Credit not exceeding one hundred and thirty-three Pounds'

Weight of such Brown Scotch Snuff, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco

Stalk Flour which such Adanufacturer or Manufacturers shall so manufacture, or add to his, her, or their

Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Officer or Officers shall at any Time discover or find,

in the Stock of any AdanufaCturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, any Quantity of Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff,

or Brown Scotch bnuiF, greater than the Credit herein-before in that Behalf allowed to such Manufacturer or

Manufacturers, such Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, and Brown Scotch Snuff, respectively, so found in Excels,

shall be deemed and taken to be brought into the House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar,

Vault, or other, Place made use of by^ such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, without any authentic Permit

granted and given according to the Directions of the said Act, and shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of Excile-

XXII. And be it further enacted. That all Siftings arising from the second Dressings of Short Cut To- Siftings of second

bacco or Shag Tobacco, and all Returns of Snuff, shall be deemed and taken to be Returns of Tobacco Drcfl*,npof

within the Meaning of the said recited Act and of this present Act. * Sh^1 Tobacco

and Returns of Snuff, to be deemed Returns of Tobacco.

XXIII. And

Any Ereefs

found ofth*

Credit?, to bC

forfeited.

