146 C. 44, 45* Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further

encouraging and regulating //^Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the

Fiflierics carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be, and the fame are hereby further

continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

so much of 29

Geo 3. c. 53,

as relays to fil-

ing in the

Greenland Seas

and Davis’6 Streights, continued until Dec. 25, 1792.

Harpooner?, &c,

in the Green-

land Fishery not

to be impressed,

and when not

employed there-

in, may fail in

the Coasting

Trade.

Mariners in the

Greenland Fish-

<ry not to be

imprefTid for a

limittd Time.

26 Geo. 3.C. 89.

extending to

other Tools and

Utensils 25 Geo.

3. c. 67. conti-

nued to the End

of the next Scf-

fion.

15Geo. 3.C.35.

*to permit the

free Importation

of raw Goat

Skins, made

perpetual,

4 V. And whereas the Greenland Fishery Trade cannot be carried on without a certain Number of Men

4 particularly qualified to carry on the said Fishery be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That no Harpooner, Line-manager, or Boat-fteerer, who shall be in or belong to any Ship or Vessel in the

Greenland Filliery Trade, and whose Name (distinguishing the Capacity in which the Person so named Is

to act) shall be inserted in a List, which is hereby required to be delivered, on Oath, by the Owner of

such Ship or Vessel to the Collector of the Customs at the Port from which such Ship or Vessel js intended

to proceed upon the said Fishery (which Oath such Collector is hereby impowered and required to admi-

nifter), shall be impressed from the said Service ; and that any such Harpooner, Line-manager, or Boat-

fteerer may, during the Time of the Year that he or they are not employed in the said Fishery, 'fail in the

Colliery or Coasting Trade, upon giving Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Cuf-

toms, that he or they will proceed in the said Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights on

the Whale Fishery the next Season ; and that every Seaman or common Mariner who, after the first Day

of February in any Year during the Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to serve on Board any Ship

which shall be intended to proceed on the said Fishery in the following Season, whose Name shall be inserted

in a List to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the Commis-

sioners of the Customs to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged and exempt from

being impressed from or out of the said Service, from the said first Day of February till after the Expira-

tien of the then next Season for the said Fishery, and until the Voyage Home from thence shall be fully

complete and ended, and no longer; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to ether Fools and

Utensils, an Art, made in the twenty-fifth J 'ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to pro-

4 bibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Fools and Utensils made IJje cf in the Iron and Steel Manufarturcs

4 of this Kingdom \ and to prevent the Jcducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Mauipart lives, to

4 go into Parts beyond the Seas \ which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment; and which by four Acts, made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of

Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of

Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation cf rmv Goat Skins into

this Kingdnn, for a limited Fime, which was to continue in force from the twentieth Day of ffune one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the Term of five Years, and from tncncc to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, and which by two other Acts, made in the twentieth and twenty-sixth Yeais

of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twentieth Day of June one thousand

seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be,

and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

v CAP. XLIV.

■t {

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength of

Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

44 So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31* as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed of the Strength denoted by

44 Clarke's Hydrometer, continued to the End of the next Session.”

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty

upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Preamble.

5 Geo. 1. c. 185

3 Geo. 2% c. 20 j

C \X7^EREAS by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the First,

4 VV intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and better ft curing

4 the Duties upon Salt, it is (among other Things) enacted, That a certain Bounty shall be paid for every

4 Calk or Vessel of Pilchards, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the

4 Seas, under the Restrictions and Regulations in the said Act mentioned : And whereas by another Act,

4 made in the third Year of the Reign of the late King George the Second, intituled, An Act for taking off

4 certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds that may happen thereby and for

4 charging the reduced Annuity payable to the East India Company on the aggregate Fund; and so>' Relief of

4 Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew Page, deccqfed, in rtf pert of the Duty for Salt lo/l by the Overflowing

4 of the River Mersey, in the Year one thousand /even hundred and twenty-four, further Provisions are made

13 4 for

{jOoq le

