The TITLES of the STATUTES.

m;<l from Corner House of on said to the Maypole in the;

Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex; and also for

keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from

the Direction i3oft near a certain Place called The Crab

Tree, in the Parish of Bcding, otherwise Seal, through the

Farilhes of Nuthufl and Horftjatn, to tile Town of

He Alium, in the said County,

no. An Act for enlarging the Term of an AT ol the tenth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and

widening the Road from Upton, in the Porish of Ratley,

to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town cf (-Teat

Kington, <nd from thence to the Guide Post, at the Town,

of Wellefbourne Mailings, in ihe County of VVarw.ck.

117. An Act. lor repairing and widening the Road leading

out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folkc-

stone, to If:’:, at a certain Place called Canterbury Lane,

within the Liberty of the 1 'own of Folkeft one, to a certain

Place, in the Parish of Fdheftone, called Mudjhole; and

for making a new Road from thence through a certain

]-'ie!d, called Tauter gates, through Rahidcn IVcod, over

Su ing field Minnis, "through Denton \ and for repairing

and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Pelt

on Barham Downs, in the Pari ill of Barham, at The

Four Vents.

118. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and

Powers of two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in

the eighteenth and tv/enty-second Years of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing

the H’rJj Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County

of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to

Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence through

Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Dur-

ham ; and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for'the

more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said

Road.

119. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

' keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of King/Ion

• upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called

xSbeetbridge,\\zM Peter field, in the County of Southampton.

izo. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, the Roads trom the new Bridge over the Water

of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh

and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate, to Bailliefton,

in the County of Lancrk; and for making, amending,

widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of

Road from the said Line of Road; and for building a

]$ridge over the Water of Auo1 at Torphichen Mill > and for

drlcharging the Trustees for executing two Acts passed in

. the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of

• his late Majesty King George the Second, and two Acts

passed in the fourteenth and Uiirty-lirft Years of the Reign

: of his present Majesty, from the Care of such Part of the

Road from Newhcnfc Inn to Glasgow as Jends from the

Confines of the Parishes of Mcnkland ana Shotts to the

Tall Boundary of Bailliefton aforesaid, and putting the

fameunder the Power of the T ruflees appointed by this Act.

izi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

t made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, lb far as relates to the

Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by CorfehiU, and

by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and

' the Bridget Inchinnan; and for more eiTedtualiy mak-

ing, and repairing and altering the Course of the said Road

c frmn Renfrew to Greemck; and for making and repairing

tjther Roads connecting therewith, and leading to’ and

. from Paijlcy, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches

thereof; anu for {hutting up Bye Roads that are useless to

*»the Publick. - - - ■

122. An Act for making and repairing the Road frofn the

Townt of Lanark, to the Town of Hamilton, in ti>c

County of Lanark.

123. An Act (nr enlarging the Terms and Powers of fAerft

Acts, of the twenty-llxth Year of his late M.jelly’s

Reign, and of the eleventh and fifteenth Years of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Rods in the*

County of Peebles \ and for making the said Acts more

effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour

within theTaid County.

124. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the

Rowers, of so much of an Act, made in ti e twelfth Year

of the Reign of his present AL jelly, as relates to the re-

pairing and widening leverai Roads leading through the

County of La nark.

125. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ail

made in the eleventh Year of h:s prdent Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Potters rf so

much cf an A \ made i.i the twenty-fourth Tear of Toe

Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repair-

ing the Read from Cramond Bridge to tar Town

Quccnsferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

126. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the several Roads, or Branches of Road, leading

from the Parishes of To ford, Saxmiradham, and Bcnh*:,

in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aidebuvgh, 1:1

the said County. .1

127. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading trom The floodgate, at the Weft

Lnd of the Town of Middleton in Teejaale, in the County

of Durham, to the Gate in the new Inclcliire called

The Edge, near the Collieries called IVrjl Pitts, in the

. Parish of Saint Andrew's, Auckland, in the.fame County ;

and also a Branch from the said Road, at or near the Head

of the Town of Eg If I on, to Eg/fion Bridge, over the Ri-t

ver Tees.

128. An Adtfor repairing and improving the Road from the

Town of Chapel en le Frith to, or near to Enterclough

Bridge, in the County of Derby ; and also the Road from

the Village of Hayjieid to Mar pie Bridge, in the said

County; and also the Road from the Village of Gif fop to

a certain Gate called Clay lands Gate, in the Township of

Longdendale, on or near to the Side of the 'Turnpike Road

leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the County Pala-'

tine of Chef Ur.

129. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from Swanfpcol Bridge, in the City of

Peterborough, in the Town of Thorney, "in the Hie of Ehy

in the County of Cambridge; and for altering the Courle

of lbme Part of the said Road.

130. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts, of the

twenty- sixth Year of King George the Second, and the

eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairings

amending, and widening the Road leading from 1 he Red

Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the- Towns V

Langport and bomerton, to Butwcli j other

Roads thereat mentioned^ in the County So merle:; arid

for repairing* amending, and widening certain other Roads

within the said County.

131. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Adds of dhe thirty-first Year of King the Se-

cond, and tenth Year of his present Majesty, so far as re-

lates to the Road tVom Lads to ihiikfutf in the County

of York. 7

132. An A<St to continue the Term of two Adds of the fe-

venteenth Year of King George the Second, and the ele-

venth Year of his prdent .Vlsjcdiy, for repairing the Road

Lading from the End of .Middleton Tyas Lane, over Ga-

therly

Uj

