588

An Oath to be

annexed to each

Survey.

Form of Oath*

Oath to be filed.

Leafet of Pre-

rri I .* of a fix-d

'Value See. may

be renewed with-

out Survey.

a6 Geo. III.

Cap. 87) and

30 Geo III.

Cap. 50, re-"

cited j and

from 0$. 10,

1794, the Sur-

veyor General

may contract for

the Sale of Fee

Farm Ren’ty&c.

rot disposed of

under them.

Bank to open as

Account for Mo-

nies paid.

Surveyor Gene-

va! to grant Cer-

titrates of the

Money to be

said, which is to

be received at

the Bank, and

Receipts givrn

on the Cerrifi-

ct:es, which be-

C. 75. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

the respective Buildings, (as the Cafe may be,) and also of all Taxes, Aflldinents, and Reprizes whatever,

and also what is or (hull then appear to be the true Stare and Condition of such Buildings, in point of their

Repair, Strength, and Durability; and also for what Term of Years it Hull appear to him or them to be most

beneficial for the Interest of the Crown to grant such Buildings or Ground respectively, Regard being had

to the Quality and Condition of the Buildings then Handing upon such Ground, and of the Buildings pro-

posed to be erected thereon; and every Person who shall be employed to make Surveys and Estimates, or

Valuations, of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods, or other Heredita-

ments as aforesaid, in consequence of Applications for Grants or Renewals of Leases thereof, shall annex to each

Survey and Estimate, or Valuation, an Oath (or, being of the People called £>uakersy an Affirmation) taken

and subscribed by him before a Justice of the Peace in any County, City, or Liberty within this Kingdom,

the Tenor whereof Dial 1 be as follows:

44 T A. B. do swear, [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm,] That the Survey or Account hereto annexed

44 was faithfully and impartially made by me; that the Value of the Property of the Crown therein con-

44 tained is justly estimated therein, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment; and that all the Par-

44 ticulars dated in the said Survey or Account are true, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief.

44 So help me GOD."

Which Oath or Affirmation, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed with the Survey and Estimate in the pro-

per Office for depositing the fame.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Tenements or Hereditaments, of which

a Lease or Grant may be applied for, shall happen to be of a known, fixed, and unimprovable Value, or

where the Nature of such Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Circumstances relative thereto, the Annual

Worth or Value thereof cannot be known or ascertained by the Means of a Survey or Inspection thereof,

or where the Value of such Tenements or Hereditaments shall be previously known to be so small or incon*

siderable that it shall not be deemed expedient to incur the Expence of taking a Survey thereof, in any such

Cafe it shall and may be lawful to grant or renew a Lease of such Tenements or Hereditaments, without

causing a Survey or Estimate to be previously made thereof, if the Lord High Treasureror Commissioners

of the Treasury shall so order and direct.

X. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in-

4 tituled, An Aid for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the WooJs^ rorejhy

and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable

4 Rents) \ and by another Ait, made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An

4 Ail to continue and amend an Ail, made in the twenty six ih Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituledr,

44 An Act for appointing Commijjteners to inquire into the State ami Condition of the Woods ^ ForeJtSy and Land

45 Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to Jell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents f) it was

4 (among other Things) enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners named in, or to

4 be appointed under the Authority of the said Aits, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies

4 Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Kents Services, Rents Seek, Quit Rents,

4 Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Viscontial Rents, and other dry, fixed, and unim-

4 provable Rents due and payable to his M3jefty, his Heirs or Succefi'ors, within the Survey and Receipt

4 of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Com-

4 missioners should be able to procure, not being less than after the several Rates of Purchase therein roen-

4 tioned: And whereas the Whole of the said Rents were not fold or disposed of previous to the Expira-

4 tien of the said Acts :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth

Day of Oilober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor

General of the Land Revenues of the Crown now or for the Time being, to contrail and agree with

any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Rents

Services, Rents Seek, Chauntry Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Viscontial Rents, and other dry, fixed, and

unimprovable Rents, except Quit Rents and Copyhold Rents (landing in Charge as Parcel of or belonging

to any Manor or reputed Manor, due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in England or in

Wales, within the Survey and Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at or for the best Prices or Considera-

tiens in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the fame, and which shall be

approved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, not being

less than theieveral Rates of Purchase enacted and provided by the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XI. And, for facilitating the Conveyance of the aforesaid Rents to the respective Purchasers thereof, be

it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby re*-

quired to open an Account in their Books, under the Title of An Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, and

carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of tic

Bank, for or on account of the Purchase of any such Rents as aforesaid; and whensoever the said Surveyor

General shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any

Relit or Rents, the said Surveyor General shall grant unto the Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under

his Hand, specifying the Relit so contracted for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the

fame; and the said Caftiiers of the Bank, or one of them, (halL, upon the Production of such Certificate,

accept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot

or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward;

and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the respedrre Auditor of

