234

and transmitted

to the next

Quarter Session*

No Proceedinps

to be qu.iftied for

Want of Form,

Arc.

2i Geo, 2. c. 27.

and 17 Geo. 3.

c. 56. &c, re-

cited.

From June 14,

1797, Persons

buyin^&c. Silk,

from ihofe em-

ployed to woik

up any Silk Ma-

nufaOure, &c.

knowing them

to be so employ-

, liable to Pu-

fifi/hmenty&c.

as also,.Perf- ns

felling, &c. pur-

loined Silk*

Preamble.

17Geo, 2» c. 5.

recited.

Rogues or Vaga-

bonds ordered to

be conveyed by

PafTcs, agreeable

C. 44, 45. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo GeorgiiJII. A.D. 1792.

And the said Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the fame, so drawn up in the

Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or Quarter Session

of the Peace to be held for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein such Conviction shall be had,

to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Session.

III. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, T hat no Order made touching or concerning any of the

Matters in this ACt contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the ConviCtion of any Offender or

Offenders against the said ACt of the thirteenth Year of his said present Majesty, or this ACt, shall be quashed

for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari into his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench,

or any other Court whaUbever.

IV. 4 And whereas by divers ACts of Parliament, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his

4 late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 certain Pains, Penalties, and Forfeiture, are inflicted on Persons who should buy, receive, accept, or take

4 by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale, or Exchange, or in any other Manner whatever, of or from any Per-

c son or Persons hired or employed in any of the Manufactures therein mentioned, any Materials of such Ma-

4 nufaCture, whether first wrought, made up, or manufactured, or not knowing the Person or Persons of whom

4 the said ^Materials were bought, received, accepted, or taken, to be so hired or employed, without the Con-

4 sent of the Persons so hiring or employing them-, or who should buy, receive, accept, or take in any Maiv-

4 ner whatsoever, any of the said Materials, whether the fame be or be not first wrought, made up, or manu-

4 factured, knowing the fame to be purloined or embezzled : And whereas the Penalties and Forfeitures to

4 which Offenders against the said ACts are subject, have not been sufficient to deter Persons from committing

4 the like Offences in receiving purloined and embezzled Materials of Silk, used in the Manufactories of

4 Silk, unmixed or mixed with other Materials ;* be it therefore further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any

Person or Persons shall buy, receive, accept, or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale, or Exchange, or in

any other Manner whatsoever, of or from any Person or Persons hired or employed to prepare or work up

the Silk Manufacture, or any Manufacture of Silk mixed with other Materials, any Silk, whether the fame

or any Part thereof be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, and whether the fame be or be not

mixed with other Materials, knowing such Person or Persons to be so hired or employed as aforesaid, and not

having first obtained theConfent of the Person or Persons so hiring or employing him, her, or them as afore-

said, or whether any Silk shall have been purloined or embezzled by any Person or Persons, shall buy, receive,

accept, or take in any Manner whatsoever, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any such Silk,

whether the fame be wrought or umvrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing the fame to have been purloined or

embezzled ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Person or Persons so buying, receiving, accepting, or taking any

such Silk,-(hall and may be proceeded against as directed by the said recited ACts of the twenty-second of

George the Second, and the seventeenth of his present Majesty, or may be prosecuted for a Misdemeanor, and

shall be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or Whipping, as the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, who

are hereby impowered to try such Offenders, or as any other Court before which he,she, or they shall be tried,

shall think fit to infliCt, although no Proof upon such Trial shall be given to whom such Silk doth belong, any

Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty fourth Day

of June one thousand/even hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall fell, pawn, pledge, ex-

change, or otherwise unlawfully dilpofc of any Silk, whether wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed,

knowing the fame to have been lb purloined or embezzled, every such Person or Persons lawfully conviCted as

aforesaid, shall be liable to the lame Punishment as Persons coiwiCled of receiving purloined or embezzled

Silk, knowing the fame to have been purloined or embezzled, would be liable to by virtue of this ACt.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual

the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses

of Correction.

« W/HEREAS great Abuses are committed in conveying, from one Place to another by Pafles, Per-

4 VV fbns who are not Rogues or Vagabonds, or in conveying such Persons who are Rogues and Vaga-

4 bonds, without complying with the Directions of the ACt passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of

4 his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Aji Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws re-

4 /ating to Rogues^ Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons^ and to Houses of Correction -y which said

4 ACt directs, that such Persons only shall be conveyed by a Pass, under the Hand and Seal of a Justice of

4 Peace, who have been first publickly whipt or confined in the House of Correction : And whereas the said

«• ACt, in other RefpeCts, requires to be amended may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enaCted ; and be it enaCted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame, That when any Justice of the Peace shall order to be conveyed by a Pass, under his Hand

and Seal, any Rogue or Vagabond, according to the Provisions of the said ACt, such Rogue or Vagabond shall*

be either publickly whipt, or be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or

Quarter

