404

Du tie* giantcJ

determined by a£u now in

lc»r.: u oi> l.o#f

Win<‘, &c tn

r.i-afe !r*:m ]o-ly

S. «79J.

Licence granted

hetoie July 5,

1793, to k«ai-

fists, «o rcafe on

that Djy.

25 Gro. III.

Cap. 22. rtdie«J \

and from Dec*

1,1793,the

Duty imposed on

Licences by that

to ceale.

Trom D 'c. j,

1793, l^e Com-

missioners of

Exc-fe in Scot-

land may grant

annual Licences

w thin ce tain

Highland Coun-

ties, for {Mil-

ling Corn Spi-

rits, and for dif-

posing of the

fame, on certain

Conditions.

Power! of 1 aR:

recited Act, un-

lets hereby al-

tered, to extend

to this Act*

TJo I licence to

be grant d in

certain Lira ts

C. 61. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

lose the Sam of fifty Pounds, together with all such Spirits and the Package thereof, which shall and may be

seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties granted

and impoied by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, upon Low Wines or Spirits for Home Con-

fumption, or upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors used in Scotland, in the Distillation of Spirits, and upon

any Licence required to be taken by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn, Malt, or other Materials,

or by any Reftifieror Compounder of Spirits in Scotland, (save only and except any Arrears now due ih

respect of such Rates or Duties,) shall be discontinued from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-three.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, all Licences which, before the said fifth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall have been granted by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland\

or by the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, or any of them, to any Re&ifier of Spirits in

that Part of Great Britain, by virtue of or under the Authority of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be

taken out by the Makers of and Dealers Excrjeable Commodities therein mentioned\ and which shall be then

unexpired, shall on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, become and

be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said Licences expressed,or in any

Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. 4 And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

c Majesty, the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland are authorized to

4 grant Licences to Persons living in certain Counties or Districts in the Highlands of Scotland, to distil

4 Spirits from Barley, Beer, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and a Duty was imposed on such Li-

4 cences: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duty thereby imposed be it further enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three,

the said Duty thereby imposed shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; save only and ex-

cept as to any Arrear or Payment which may at that Time remain due or unpaid of the said Duty, or as to

any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred for or in respect of the said Duty, upon or at any

Time before the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three ; any Thing con-

tained in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the first Day of December one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or as soon as may be in the Course of that Month, and so from

Year to Year thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, by Licences under their Hands, to

authorise Persons qualified within the Highlands of Scotland, that is to say, within the several Counties of

Orkney, Caithness, Sutherland, Roj's^ Cromarty, Inverness, Argyll, Bute, and Nairn, and within such

Parts of the several Counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Perth, Forfar, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Banff] and Elgin,

as lie to the Northward and Westward of a certain Line herein-after particularly specified and described, to

erect, keep, and work Stills, the cubical Content or Capacity of each of which respectively shall not be less than

thirty, nor more than forty Gallons Engliff) Wine Measure, (including their respective Heads, Horns, Pipes,

Tubes, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be

called or known, as high as the Steam canalcend), and to distil and draw ofFSpirits from the Barley, Beer,or

Big, of the Growth of the said Counties, during the'Perm of one Year, and for no longer or shorter Space,

from the fu ll: Day of December in each Year, during the Continuance of this Act, and to use, fell, and

-dispose of the Spirits lb diildled, on Payment of a Composition or Licence Duty, at the Rate of one Pound

ten Shillings for each Gallon English Wine Measure of the Content or Capacity of such Still, for the Space

aforesaid, and that in place of the whole Rates and Duties imposed on the distilling of Wa(b, Low Wines,

or Corn Spirits, and upon the Malt or Grain from which the Spirits are extracted ; but declaring that such

licensed Distillers, within the Limits last aforesaid, shall not be allowed any Drawback or Deduction from

the above Duty, on account of their or either of them having bought, from any entered Maltster, any Part

of the Malt to be used by them, and for which the legal Duties upon Malt have been paid or charged.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Regulations, Re-

strictions. Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things which in and by the said last mentioned

Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are contained, provided, settled,

or cllablished, for granting Licences to erect, keep, and work Stills in that Part of Scotland called the

Highlands, and for railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, enforcing, or

securing the Rates or Duties im|>olcd by the said last mentioned Act, for or in respect of such Licences, and

for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, and not being expressly altered by this Act,

{hall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observed, praftiled, applied, and put in Execution through-

out that Part of Scotland called the Highlands, and herein particularly described in and for the granting

Licences under this Act, and in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering,

adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted,

and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents

and Purposes, as if all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expreiVly inferred and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Per-

son to erect or work any Still under this Act in the Counties before mentioned, or Districts herein-after

6 particularly

