53

Form of Oaih

to be taken pre-

▼ioua to such

Kegiflry,

Such Vessels

may export and,

import, as here-

in tpecifieJ.

His Majesty, on

the Arrival of

any such VtflTel

in any Port of

Great Britain,

may authorize it

to be registered

s a Prize Ship.

From July 20,

1794>noSubj-&

of heLteFrtni h

King to be on

board any such

Vessel bound to

any of,) is Ma-

j ift/'a Do t i,

nions unless he

produce a Ccrti.

C. 42. Anno tricesimo quarto Ge o rg 11 III. A.D. 1794.

44 T A. B. of [Place of Refidence and Occupation], do make Oath, That the Ship or Vefiel [Aymw], of

44 A f Port or Place], whereof [Master's Name] is at present Master, being [Kind of Bui It, Burthen,be,

44 as defer ibed in the Certificate of the firveying Officer], was [when and where built, or if Prize, Capture and

44 Condemnation, or if put under his Mu]fly's Protection, when and where]; and that I the fard A. B. [and

44 the other Owners' Names and Occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, videlicet, Town,

44 Place, or Parish and County, or if Member of and resident in any Factory in Foreign Parts, or in any

44 Foreign Town or City, being an Agent for or Partner in any House or Copartnerftoip^ actually carrying on

44 Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, Foreign Town, or City, and the Names of

44 such House or Copartnership,] am [or are] foie Owner [or Owners] of the said Vefle), and that no othet

44 Person or Persons whatever hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share, or Property therein or

44 thereto; and that I the said A. B. [and the said other Owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide*

44 Subject [tfrSubjects] of Great Britain, and that I the said A. B. have not [nor have any of the other

44 Owners 'to the he/l of my Knowledge and Belief] taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State what-

44 ever [except wider the Terms of fine Capitulation, defers bing the Particulars thereof ], or that since my

44 taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to [naming the Foreign States respectively to which

44 he or any of the said Owners jhaV have taken the fame 1, and prior to the passine of an Ac! in the twenty-

41 sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the find her hicrease and En-

4* couragement of Shipping and Navigation, I have [or, he or they hath or haveJ become a Subject [or

44 Subjects] of Great Britain, [either by his Alajejbfs Letters Patent as a Denizen or Denizens, or, natures*

44 lized by Act of Parliament, as the Cafe may be, naming the Dates of the Letters of Denization, or the Act

44 or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization, respettivelyf] or [as the Cafe may be] I have [or, he or they hath

44 or have] become a Denizen [K/-, Denizens or natualized Subject or Subjects, as the Cafe may be] of

44 Great Britain by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament, passed since the first Day of

c4“ January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, [naming the Times when such Letters of Denization

44 have been granted respectively, or the Tear or Tears in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization have passed

<c respectively,] or,that I A. B. and the other Owners, if any, having become British Subject or Subjects

44 by virtue of a Capitulation [dfferibing the Particu'ars thereof as to Place, Date, and Parties] nave, or he

44 or they hath or have taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty the King </ Great Britain,

44 [defevibing the Times when, the Place where, and before whom taken,] in consequence of such Capitula-

44 tien; and that no Foreigner directly or indirectly hath any Share, or Part, or Interest in tire laid Ship

44 or Vefiel.”

III. And be it further ena£led, That it shall be lawful for any such Ship or Vefiel, being registered and having

a Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, and being navigated as British Ships are now or may hereafter be

required by Law to be navigated, to export from any such Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, so furren-

dered to his Majesty, to any of the British Dominions in Europe, to any of the British Colonies, Planta-

tiens, or Islands in America or the West Indies, to any Foreign Blands in the IVejl Indies, not belonging to

any Sovereign or State at War with his Majesty, to the Territories of the United States of America, to all

other P^rts of the Continent of America and the Blands adjacent, to the Western Islands commonly called

Azores, and Madeira and Canary Islands, to the Coast of Africa and the Blands adjacent, and to none other

Place whatever; and also to import into any such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, so fur-

rendered to his Majesty, from any of the aforesaid Dominions, Colonies, Plantations, Territories, Coast,

or Islands, and from none other Place whatever, such Goods and Commodities respectively, and none other,

as any British-built Ship or Vefiel may by Law import or export to and from the aforesaid Dominions,

Colonies, Plantations, Territories, Coast, and Blands respectively; and such Exportation and Importation

respectively shall be made in like Manner, and under and subject to the like Duties, Conditions, Regula-

tiens, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as if such

Exportation or Importation was made in any British-hu&t Ship or Vefiel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice

of his Privy Council, at any Time, on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vefiel in any Port of Great Britain,

upon Application to him made, and upon Consideration of such Circumstances as shall satisfy his Majesty

of the Expediency thereof, to authorize any such Ship or Vefiel (without Payment of any Duty whatever

for the said Ship or Vefiel, or the Sails and other necessary Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof,) to

be registered, and to have a Certificate thereof, as in the Cafe of a Prize Ship, in any Port in the Kingdom

of Great Britain, ar)d such Ship or Vefiel so registered shall in such Cafe be entitled to all the Privileges and

Advantages which belong by Law to Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize.

V. 4 And, m order to prevent disaffected or suspected Persons, who have resided in any such Foreign Colony,

4 or Part of Foreign Colony, which has been or may be so surrendered to his Majesty, from obtaining Admission

4 into any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions in any Ship or Vefiel whatever, among the Mariners who may

4 be employed to navigate the fame, or as Passengers on board thereof,’ be it further enacted, That, from and

after the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, no Person heretofore a Sub-

ject of his late most Christian Majesty, being a White Person or Mulatto, or Free Negro, shall be em-

ployed to navigate any Ship or Vefiel, bound from any such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony,

to any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, or be conveyed as a Passenger on board thereof from any such

Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign Colony, unless such Person shall produce a Certificate, under the Hand

and Seal of the Person who commands in Chief as aforesaid in such Foreign Colony, or Part of Foreign

Colony, or at the Port or Place therein from whence such Ship or Vefiel shall fail, testifying that such

8 , Person

