49“

I'aic'nrrcn's for

Cor.tr^fts to be

ft *' prd prior to

Ulog ingroilcd ;

1 ut only one

1* rt need he then

ft >irpr<J, and the

Dupl cate fl-.aJ!

he damped after

Execution, on

I’roof of Pay-

ment of Duty.

TheufuaiAUr w-

alice to be made

for prompt Pay-

ment of Duty.

S'amps may be

lttied.

Pet font counter-

feiting Stamp.*-,

*c. guihy of

Felony,

lowers, &c. of

former A£s re-

lative to Stamp

Dutirs to extend

to this A ft.

Dutiei to be paid

to the Receiver

General of Stamp

Duties, who shall

pay the fame into

tfce Exchequer.

C. 14. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

on {lamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and

empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such new Stamps to

be provided, to denote the said several new and additional Duties respe#ively, as shall be requisite in that j

Beh.ilf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the

said feveial Duties hereinbefore granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major

Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning ft am ped Vellum, Parchment,

or Paper.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable

to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the fame shall beingrofled, printed, or written upon, be brought

to the head Office for stamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by 1

themselves or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any

Person or Persons, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this A# dire#s, any Quantities or Parcels of

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons so bringing the

fame paying to the Receiver-General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or Ins Deputy or his Clerk,

the several Duties payable for the fame by virtue of this A#.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Contract shall be made by Inden-

tures of different Parts, or Duplicates of any such Contract shall be executed by the several Parties thereto,

it shall be sufficient to stamp or mark one such Part or one such Indenture or Writing only with the Stamp or

Mark hereinbefore required to be provided to denote the said Duties before such Contract shall be ingrossed, j

printed, or written thereon, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to provide one

other Stamp or Mark, to be put upon such other Part or Duplicate of such Indentures or Writing which

shall not have been so stamped as aforesaid, and to cause such other Part or Duplicate of such Indenture or

other Writing, to be stamped or marked therewith, on sufficient Proof being made to the Satisfaction of

the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, of the due Payment of the Duties by this A# imposed

thereon, at any Time after the Execution thereof, which Stamp or Mark shall be distinguistiable fromany

other Stamp or Mark used or provided to be used by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this or any other

Act of Parliament; and every such other Part or Duplicate of such Indenture or other such Writing as

aforesaid, which shall be duly stamped or marked with such Stamp or Mark as last aforesaid, shall be as

available in the Law, and of the like Force and Este# in all Refpe#s whatever, as if the Vellum, Parch-

ment, or Paper, whereon the fame shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, had been duly stamped before the

ingroifitig, printing, or writing the fame thereon; any Thing in this A# before contained to the contrary

hereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Allowance shall be made on

present Payment of the said several Duties granted by this A#, and in such Manner as by any former Law

relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper is allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners

are hereby dire# and authorized to provide and use shall and may be altered and renewed from Time to

Time, in such Manner as any other Stamps under the Management of the said Commissioners are by any

former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and

that all Persons who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked

with any Stamp or Mark, before the fame shall have been so altered or renewed, shall have the like Remedy

and Allowance as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cafes

directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge;

or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark,

directed or allowed to be used by this A#, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this A# granted, or

shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or

Succcfiors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper,

liable to such Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the fame tobecoun-

terfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by

this A#, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, every

Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convi#, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fufter Death

as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XV. And be it further en3# by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and

Things prescribed or appointed by any former A# or A#s of Parliament, relating to the Duties on stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall be of full Force and Effe#, with relation to

the additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the

raising, levying, colle#ing, and securing the said additional and new Rates and Duties, according to the true

Intent and Meaning of this A#, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had severally and respe#ively

been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties hereinbefore granted,

shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being, of the Duties

on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising,

paying, and accounting for the fame being dedu#) into the Receipt ot Exchequer, at such Time and in

such Manner a* the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be paid, and

tke

