A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 42, 43. 229

of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, in the same Manner and at the fame Times as such Payments-

respectively are now made, or are hereby- directed or authoriftd to be made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus interest and Annual Produce which shall arise from the Surplus ofln-

Money placed out or to be placed out cn Securities pursuant to tire several Acts of Parliament above men- to be

' tioi"_d or referred to, and pursuant to this present Act, and which are to be carried to the Account of Monies P;,aced 00t on

.placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Couit of Chancery, beyond what Securih^Tnd

shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of this Act, and of the said former Acts, and also the Interest which appi £<j to,;*arin-

shall be produced from the Securities to be purchased with such Surplus Intci eft, shall from Time to Time be iwer the De

placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of an Account to mands of Sui-

be raised of Securities purchased, with the Surplus Interest arising from the Securities carried to the said Ac- ters lfnectfl*ry*

count of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Secui ity of the Suitors of the PIigh Court of Chancery ;

and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in

case it shall at any Time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitois, which hath been or may

be placed out on Securities.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Securit’es may.

Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Gommiffior.ers for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great be changed.

Britain, for the Time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security

or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament herein-beloie

mentioned, or to be purchased pursuant to this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if, at any Time hereafter, the Whole The Money

or any Part of the said Money, placed out pursuant to the 'laid several recited Acts, or any of them, or placed out. nn-

hereby directed or authorized to be placed out as aforesaid, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of der or (t,r-

the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then, and in such Cafe, the said Court may and shall direct the ^trdfo anfwe

fame, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities in which the lame shall be placed to be disposed Demands of s'air

of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the tors, shall be.

Common and General Cafn belonging to such Suitors. collect in.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the

Exportation of Sugar*, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee inro the

Bahama and Bermuda 1 (lands, in Foreign Ships.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Drawback now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar of the preamb!e»

5 VV Britis7; Plantations fiorn this Kingdom, and the Bounty now payable on the Exportation of Refined

4 Sugar, produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from the said Plantations, should cease whenever the

4 Price of such Muscovado Sugar in this Kingdom shall exceed the Rates herein-after mentionedMay it

therefore please your Majesty that it may beenadfed; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

.present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if it shall appear by Notice in the if ie frail appear

London Gazette in Manner hereafter directed, on the Saturday next following the fourth Wednesday in tile by Notices in

.Month of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado ,he C3*erte> at

Sugar, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Bri- h^efnn^nti

tain (such Average Price to be made up and taken In Manner herein-after mentioned) shall exceed sixty edrthauhe1100^'

Shillings for an Hundred Weight thereof; and if it shall in like Manner appear on the Saturday next follow’- Average Price

ing the third Wedncjday in October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, that such Average Price shall cf Muscovado

exceed fifty-five Shillings for an Hundred Weight; and if it shall in the like Manner appear on the Saturday s,gar>exciufiv#

next following the third VVcdmjday in the Months of February, June, and October respectively, in every fuc- custoT.?Uflianf

ceeding Year, that such Average Price shall exceed fifty Shillings for an Hundred Weight, then and in every exceed* he

such Cafe the Drawback now allowed, or which may hereafter be allowed, on the Exportation from this King- herein specifird*.

dom, of Sugar of the British Plantations, shall from thenceforth cease to be allowed and paid on any Sugar the Drawback

which shall be exported thenccfor;h after the End of one Day from the Port of London, and after the End of thereon> and lh*‘

three Days from any other Port in that Part of Great Britain called England, and after the End of five Days filed ro-

from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, until the second, fourth, and sixth duced cheie-P

Days respectively after new Average Prices shall have been made up and computed upon the fix last Weekly from, to cease

Returns, and notified in the London Gazette in Manner herein directed; and the Bounty now payable or until new Ave-

which may hereafter be payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of Refined Sugar produced from r?ge l>ric€S

.Muscovado Sugar impoited from his Majesty’s Plantations in America, shall cease to be allowed and paid on fiedln the Ga*"

any such Refined Sugar which (Lull be exported thenceforth after the End of twenty-nine Days from the Port z*-te, exerc-*"

of London, and after the End of thirty-one* Days from any other Port in that Part of Great Britain called such Sugar /hall

England, and after the End of thirty-thiee Days from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be exported to

respectively, until the thirtieth, ihirty-second, and thirty-fourth Days respectively, after new Average Prices Jr*,anj; or

shall have been made up and computed upon the fix last Weekly Returns, and notified in the London Gazette

in Manner herein directed, except such Sugar shall be exported to Ireland, or to some other Part of the British nions. °mi"

Dominions.

.. II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have entered Outwards any such Drawback to be*

Sugar, and ihail have begun to Clip or lade the fame on Board during the Time that the Price of Sugar, taken »u°wed in Cafeo-

, . and Sugar i*

