A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii IIE C. 4, 5. 299

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions therein contained, may

be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants oT any

Parish, Township, or Place, {hall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of

proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or

Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty, incurred by such Offence, is given or applicable to the

Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall have Continuance un-

til the first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

This A ft may be

altered or re-

pealed in the

present Session.

Fari/hionersmay

be Witnesses,

though Parc of

the Penalty be

given to the

Poor of the

Parish.

Continuance of

Act.

CAP. V.

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their

.Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a

certainTime, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make

Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

TIHEREAS it may be reasonable to extend the Benefits of an Act, passed in the thirty-second Preamble.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of glorious Memory, intituled, 32 Ge°*ir;

4 An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the bnprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who CaP*

4 shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned

in the Act, to make Discovery of and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, to several

4 Persons who have neglected or shall neglect to take the Benefit of the fame, within the Time limited in the

4 said Act, and also to several Persons who were not entitled to any Benefit under the said Act P Be it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person now or hereafter in Execution for any Sum Persons charged

. or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred Pounds shall be entitled to such Relief as by an Act, passed in Execution for

I In the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors, ^U *d i n ” °- 00 f to

with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in b^entkledTo the

Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of Relief of re-

and deliver, upon Oath, their Ejlatesfor their Creditors Benefit, is granted to Persons charged in Execution cited Act.

for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person now in Execution for any Persons now in

Sum or Sums of Money exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and not exceeding the Sum of three ^xccutlon

hundred Pounds, shall be entitled to such Relief, notwithstanding the Time limited by the said Act for such a^dnoc”5

Person to apply is or may be expired, provided such Person shall make such Application at any Time be- exceeding 300!.

fore the End of Easter "i erm next. making Appli-

cation before the End of Easter Term entitled to like Relief.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Creditor or Creditors, his, her, Debtors in Exe-

or their Executors or Administrators, at whose Suit any Debtor shall be charged in Execution for any Sum cmi m for Sums

or Sums not exceeding the Sum of three hundred Pounds, shall have such Remedy, by compelling such »ot exceeding

Debtor<0 deliver up his or her Estate and Effects for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, as is provided by com^ciTcYtode

the before recited Act, in Cafes where the Sum for which such Debtor shall be in Execution docs not ex- jTrPup\hcirC"

ceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds. Efofts.

IV. And whereas mmy Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paying Money awarded Persons com-

4 to be paid under Submissions to Aroitration by Rules of Court, or under Submissions to Arbitration Bonds* mined on Ac-

and which Submissions have been made Rules of the Court, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the ninth tachments for

and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences by Arbitration, and awarded b"

4 likewise for not paying of Coffs, duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper AibU^tlon, &c.

4 Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process to ie entitled to

4 for or grounded on the Nonpayment of Coffs or Ex peaces in any Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesiastical the Dentfic of

4 Court p it is hereby declared and enafteJ, That all such Persons are and {hall be entitled to the Benefit of thl1

this Act, and subject to the fame Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to

Prisoners for Debt only. Debtors who,

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Debtor as aforesaid shall have neglected or shall neglect fr0” ignorance

to take the Benefit of the said Act or of this Act, within the Time limited by the said Act or this Act, have not taken

and {ball make it appear to the Court out of which such Execution issued, that such Neglect arose from tnc j{cnefic ot

Ignorance or Miffake, such Debtor shall then be entitled to take the Benefit of the said Act or of this Act, tbs recited or

asifheorlhe had taken the fame within the Time by the said Act or this Act so limited as aforesaid: this Act in

Provided always, That it {hall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors, at whole Suit any Debtor {hall be enllt,e(i

so in Execution as aforesaid, to file Interrogatories for the Examination of such Prisoner, before his or her Creditors may

being admitted to take the Benefit of this or the before-recited Act: Provided always, That this Act {hall fiie imcrrogi-

JlOt toxics for P/i-

