The TITLES of the STATUTES.

cbett, Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in the County of

Chester, and Part of their settled Estates in the County of

Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the

Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the

fame Uses.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny

Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and

Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the

County of Leicester.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulat-

ing, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township

and Liberty of Clayworth, in the Parish of Clayworth, in

the County of Nottingham.

43. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

T certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain

Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Why-

church and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the County

of Wilts.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing Tickton Carr, or

Common, in the County of York.

45. An Act «for dividing and allotting several Open and

Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of

Great Bedwhu Little Bedwin, and Prefhute. in the County

of Wilts.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor

and Township of Hutton Bujhelly in the North Riding of

the County of York.

47. An Act for naturalizing Fran$oife Antoinette De Luc.

48. An Act for naturalizing August Leberecht Schon-

berg.

49. An Act for the Partition of divers Messuages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in Skendleby', and other Parishes, in

the County of Lincoln^ in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet,

in Right of the Right Honourable Priscilla Barbara

Elixabethy Baroness Willoughby of Erejby, his Wife, and

the Reverend Edward Brackenbury, have now undivided

Moieties, or Half Parts.

^.ooooie

