347

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo fcertio Georgii III. C. 50.

' ftri&ions: And whereas it is expedient to permit the said Goods and Commodities, in like Manner, to

imported into certain other Ports in the IVeJi 'Indies, and in like Manner to be again exported from

thence:’ Be it enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, all

the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerated and described, shall and may be imported into the Port

of Antonio in the Island of Jamaica, and the fort of Saint John's in the Bland of Antigua, in the like foreign

Ships and Vessels, and be again exported from thence to such Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, to which the

Exportation of the fame is permitted by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Re-

ftridtions, and subjedf to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the Manner in

the said Acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

From July so,

1793, the Goods

herein-before

enumerated may

be imported into

the Port of An-

tonioin Jamaica,

and of St. John’s

in Antigua, and

exported from thence, under the Regulations of recited Acts.

II. Provided ahvays, and be it further enacted, That every Thing in this Act contained, respecting the Atf,respe£ing

said Port of Saint Johns in the Bland of Antigua, shall continue and be in force until the tenth Day of July Th0eh^»otrtto be^a

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer. force till July 10, 1797,

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hun- Jh^herein*<ept

dred and ninety-three, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (except such as are herein-before enumerated enumerated, to

and described, and except Tobacco as herein-afeer mentioned,) shall be imported in any such foreign Ship or imported in

Vessel whatever, from any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to, or under the Dominion foreign Vessels

of, any foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the before-mentioned Ports, upon any Pretence CobnfeTbeiori11-

whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting the fame, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be im- ingToforeign^

ported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such Ship or Vessel. European States, on Penalty of Forfeiture y

IV. And be it further ena£led. That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said tenth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, to export from any of the said Ports, to any of the Colonies or

Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, in

any such foreign Ship or Vessel whatever, owned and navigated as aforesaid, Rum of the Produce of any

British Bland, and also Negroes which shall have been brought into the said Islands respectively in British-

built Ships owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, which shall have been legally imported into die said Islands respectively, except Mails, Yards, or

Bowsprits, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and Tobacco, and also except such Iron as shall have been brought

from the British Colonies or Plantations in America ; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any-

wife notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Doubts shall arise whether such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, intended to be so exported, shall have been legally imported into the said island of

Antigua, the Legality of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comp-

troller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, before such Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize shall be suffered to be fliipped for Exportation.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-three, no Goods or Commodities whatever of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe,

or the Eeji Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be

exported from the Bland of Antigua, to any other British Colony or Plantation in America, or the IV'eJl

Indies, upon Pain of forfeiting such Goods or Commodities, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the

fame shall be so exported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such-Ship or Vessel.

but Rum of BrI-

tish Islands, im-

ported Ne-

groes, &c.

may be exported*

fr in the said

Forts to fuefct

Colonies.

The Legality of

the Importation,

into Antigua,

of Goods intend-

to be txport-

cd, to be proved

to the Custom

Officer,

No Goods of the

Growth of Eu-

rope, or l Uces

beyond the Cape

of Good Hope,

to be exported

from Antigua

to any British Colony in America, cr the West Indies, under Penalty of Forfeiture*.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-four, if any foreign Ship or Vessel as aforesaid arriving at or in any of the aforesaid Ports of Kin?f-

tnn, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea and Antonio in the Bland of Jamaica, the Port of Saint

George in the island of Grenada, the Port of Rofcau in the Bland of Dominica, the Port of NajJau in the Bland

of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, in the Port of Saint Johns in the Bland of Antigua, shall

have on board any Goods or Commodities whatever of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the East

Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, such Goods or Commodities shall be forfeited, toge-

ther with the Ship or Vessel in which the lame Pnall be biought, and all her Guns, Ammunition, 'Fackle, and

Apparel, whether such Goods or Commodities shall be intended to be landed or not, or whether Bulk shall

have been broken or not.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-three. Tobacco, being the Growth or ProduvfHon of any island in the IVeJi Indies, or of any

Country on the Continent of America belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sove-

reign or State, may be imported from any of the said Islands or Countries into any of the said Ports of Kings-

ton. Savannah la Alar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea and Antonio in the Bland of Jamaica, the Port of Saint

George in the island of Grenada, the Port of Rofcau in the Bland of Dominica, the Port of NuJJ'au in the

island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua,

in the like foreign Ships and Vessels, and be again exported from thence to Great Britain or Ireland, under

the lame Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in the

laid Acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

IX, And

Foreign Vefle’s

arriving at the

Forts herein

mentioned, with

Goods of the

Eift Indies,

to be forfeited*

&c.

4

Tobacco of Wr ft: '

India Islands, or

of Pa:ts of

America be--

long’ng to

foreign Fu^o-

p an S'atesy.may.

be imported into

the Ports herein-

m^ntior. in

foreign Ships,

and exported to

Great Britain

or Ireland*

