1

I52

We given to

Per Tons incj-

p »b‘e of execut-

ing the Office.

How Penalties

are to be reco-

\ esed and ap-

plied.

Offenders may

becommitted to

Prilon lor want

of DifireJs.

Form of Con-

viction.

Persons aggriev-

may appeal to

the Quarter Sef-

fions, &c*

^No Proceedings

to be quashed lor

vv a nt ut Form,

Sec.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

C. 46. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791*

incapable of executing the Office in Person, who may at any Time be appointed Gaoler or Keeper of

such Gaol.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fine?, Forfeitures, and Penalties, inflicted by this Act, or

which shall be inflicted by virtue of any Rule or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, the levying and

recovering of which are not particularly herein directed, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s

Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two Justices of the Peace, who are hereby-

authorised to hear and examine Witnesses on Oath or Affirmation, and determine the fame; and all such

respective Fines, forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and inflicted, or authorised to be im-

posed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid from

Time to Time to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, for the Time being, and shall be

applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose wfrStsoever ;

and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Sale, after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences of the

Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods so distrained and fold ; and for want of

sufficient Distress the Offenders shall be committed by such Justice to some Prison for the said County,

Riding, or Division, for such Term, not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar

Month, as such Justices shall think proper.

XVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted,

That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be con-

victed of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the fol-

lowing Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen;

videlicet:

“ "R E it remembered, That on in the Year of our Lord one thousand

“ (even hundred A. B. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s

“ Justices of the Peace for the County of [ Specifying the Offence, and the 'Time and

“ Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafe shall be]. Given under my Hand and Seal, the

“ Day and Year firit above mentioned.”

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person shall think himself or herself

aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath

been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, within four Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen ;

such Appellant first giving or causing to be given seven clear Days Notice at lead, in Writing, of his or

her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Justice or Justices of the Peace be-

fore whom the Conviction shall have been had, and to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or

Division, in which such Offence shall be tried, and within two Days after such Notice* enter into Recog-

nizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to

try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such

Quarter Session ; and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid,

and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such

Appeal in a Summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they

the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding,

and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this

Act conta’ned, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convidlions of any Offender or

Offenders against this Act, shall be quaflied for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari,

or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcJhninJler; and

that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the

Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a

Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction,

Warrantof Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall such Party or Parties be deemed a

shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been

made, by or on Behalf of the Party distraining, before such Action brought.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or

Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Ac!, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue,

and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was^

doneby Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff*

cr Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or di(continue his, her, or their Action or Actions after Blue joined, or if,

upon Demurrer or otherwifo. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or

Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or De-

fendants hath or have by Law in other Cafes ; and though a Verdict shall be given for any Plaintiff, in any

such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff' shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge

of the Action, and of the Verditt obtained

before whom the Trial ihail be, shall certify his Approbation of

thereupon.

XXL And

