162 C. 54. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

or anchor, during the said Voyage, to do our utmost Endeavours for the Preservadon of the said Ship and

Cargo; and not to negleit or refuse doing our Duty, by Night or by Day; nor go out of the said Ship on '

Board any other Vefl'el, or be on Shore, under any Pretence whatsoever, without Leave first obtained of

our Commander or Commanding Officer on Board: And further, That we will, on no Account whatso-

ever, leave or desert the {aid Ship without the Mailer’s Consent (unless to serve on Board any of his

Majesty’s Ships) till the abovesaid Voyage be ended, and the said Ship discharged, under the Forfeiture of

our Wages: And we do further agree. That, when absent upon Leave, we will immediately repair on

Board, when required so to do by our Commander or any of our faperior Officers, on Failure thereof to

forfeit for such Disobedience seven Days Pay, to be charged against our Wages, for every such Offence:

And we do further agree and acknowledge. That forty-eight Hours Absence, without Leave, shall be

deemed a total Desertion from the said Ship, and our Wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and

iufficient Cause can be assigned for such Abience.

And it is further agreed by us, the said Officers and Mariners belonging to the said Ship, That we will

not demand our Wages, or any Part thereof, except the Value of a fourth Part of our Wages to be Ap-

plied in Slops or other Necessaries, and one Month’s Pay, with our short Allowance Money then due, in

the IVcft Indies or America, until the Arrival of the said Ship at her delivering Port, except we should be

impressed, or enter on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships, or be discharged by mutual Consent, agreeable to

the foregoing Certificate, as specified in the Ait.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Lands-

men, and Boys, That whatever Stores, Furniture, or Apparel each or any of us receive into our Charge

belonging to the said Ship, shall be accounted for; and in case any Thing should be loft or damaged by our

Negligence or Carelellhefs, it shall be made good to the Masters or Owners out of the Wages of such

Officers or Seamen by whose Negligence it has happened.

SCHEDULE

