The TITLES of the STATUTES.

31. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the

. County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the

Parish of Cajllethorpe, in the County of Buckingham.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Open and Common Fields, Halt Year Lands, Commons,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parishes of Stiff key and Morston, in the County of Nor-

folk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheep

Walk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands

and Grounds within the said Parishes.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Street Gentle-

man, with Lucy Duncumb, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Wfs, and John

isaac Char retie.

36. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John

Rapp.

37. An Act for naturalizing Peter Benezech.

38. An Act for naturalizing Willia?n HerJ'cheL

39. An Act for naturalizing Car/len Anderjon.

40. An Act for dividing^ allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon or Waste Ground called Lightwood, within the

Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the

County of Stafford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

'Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of

Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetbam, in the

County of Lincoln.

43. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and

Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands

and Grounds, in the Parish of Durrford, in the County of

Wills.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, five Open

Common Fields, commonly called Shffnal Town Field,

other wise Pool Field, other wise Drayton Field, the Wykc

Field, the Church Field, otherwise Houghton Field, Hough-

ton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper

Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of ldjal, other-

wife Shffnal, in the County of Salop.

45. An A*ft for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Arable, Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands,

lying and being within the Township of Bur cejlcr-King's-

End, otherwise Bicfler-King's-End, in the Parish of Bur-

cejlcr, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs,

Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the

Hamlet of A/lon Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the

County of Berks.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields,Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands

and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Li)fey,

in the County of Lincoln.

48. An Act for vesting the settled Estates cf Francis Gian-

ville Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale!

in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

49* An Act to disunite the Reftories of Glmingham and

Trinich, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Nor-

wich.

50. An Act to impower William Churchill Dickcnfon Esquire,

to grant Building Leases, Renewable Leases, and make

Conveyances in Fee., of and upon all or any Part of the

Estates at Chorlton Row, devised by the Will of John

Dickenjon Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of

Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

51. An Act to enable John Gurtfide Esquire, to grant and

convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for building upon

reserving Rents, or to make Budding Leases, of any Part

of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of

Lancaster.

52. An Act to enable Mary Greene Widow, and James

Greene Esquire her Son, and the Survivor of them, to

grant and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Build-

ing, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years,

of Mefluages and Lands at Droyfden, Failsworth, and

Newton, in the County of Lancaster.

53. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to fell the

Castle of Wifliecb Saint Ptier's, in the Isle of Ely, in the

County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurte-

nances thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money

to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned.

54. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of

Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in

John Tray ton Fuller Esquire.

35. An Act for vesting certain Estates in Wiltshire, Somer-

jet shire, and Gloucejlcrshire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the

Will of Jacob Knight Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an

Estate in Worcejlevfinre, limited to such Uses by the said

Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcejlcrffirc in War-

ren Hajlings Esquire, in Fee Simple.

56. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith

Esquire, deceased, to accept a Grant of a Relit Charge or

clear Annual Payment or Sum of twenty Pounds, to be

charged upon, and paid arid payable at Michaelmas in

every Year by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands,

of the Right Honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Pa-

rish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for*

several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and be-

ing, in Scvenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from

the Waste of the Manors of Sevcnoaks and' Knowle, or one

of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels

of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs,

accordingly.

57. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canter-

bury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurlhatt.

58. An Act to enable John TraffordEsquire, and other Per-

fons after his Death, to grant Leases of the Estates devised

by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford Esquire, situ-

ate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chejhr. for build-

ing, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste M »fs

Lands in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised

Estates.

59. An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John

Blackburne Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and

Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent Esquire, de-

ceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase

Monies.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Common or Commonable Meadows,

Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste

Land, in the Parish of Shottcjwell, in the County of

Warwick.

g 2 61. An

