■264 C. 59—62. ving Annoying tiicefimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Not to extend to

the Vintrers

Company, &c.

Freemen of the

Vintners Com-

pany by Re-

deipption, after

Oi\, ic, 1792,

not exempted

from this Act.

by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, directed to be adjudged, recovered, levied^ cer-

tified, and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued, moleffed, or pro-

fecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter,

or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons {hall or may plead the General Issue, and give the (pe-

dal Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdict {hall be parted for the De- -

fendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant {hall have treble

Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person who shall be a Master, Warden, Freeman, or

one of the Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London ; or to any Person who shall be licensed by

the Chancellors or Vice Chancellors of the two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

or either of them ; or to any Person who shall keep one of the three several Wine Taverns within the Bo-

rough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, licensed by the Mayor and Burgess thereof, according to

the Tenor of certain Letters Patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for and towards

the Maintenance of the Free School there: Provided nevertheless, That no Person who, from and after the

said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be admitted to the Freedom of

the said Company of Vintners of the City of London, by Redemption only, shall be exempted from the

Obligation of obtaining a Licence to retail Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, to be granted in Manner aforesaid,

but that the Freemen only of the said Company, who have been already admitted to their Freedom, or who,

from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be admitted

to their Freedom in Right of Patrimony, or Apprenticeship, shall be entitled to such Exemption.

CAP. LX.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Funftions of Juries in Cafes of Libel.

Preamble.

On the Trial of

an Indictment

for a Libel, the

Jury may g’ ve a

general Verdict

upon the whole

Matter put in

IIToe, and {hall

not be required by

4 WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether on the Trial of an Indictment or Information for the

4 VV making or publishing any Libel, where an Issue or Issues are joined between the King and the De-

4 fendant or Defendants, on the Plea of Not Guilty pleade4$|it be competent to the Jury impanelled to try

4 the fame to give their Verdict upon the whole Matter in IflueBe it therefore declared and enacted by the

King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, imthis present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, on every such

Trial, the Jury (worn* to try the Issue may give a general Verdict of Guilty or Not Guilty upon the whole

Matter put in IfBJPupon such Indictment or Information ; and shall not be required or directed, by the

Court or judge before whom such Indictment or Information shall be tried, to find the Defendant or Defen-

dants Gmlty, merely on the Proof of the Publication by such Defendant or Defendants of the Paper charged

to be a Libel, and of the Sense aferibed to the fame in such Indictment or Information.

the Court to find the Defendant guilty merely on Proof of the Publication, and of the Sense aferibed to it in the Information.

But the Court

shall give their

Opinion and Di

xtCtic ns on the

Matter in Iffje,

as in ether Criminal Cafes,

II. Provided always, That, on every such Trial, the Court or Judge before whom such Indictment or

Information {hall be tried, shall,.according to their or his Discretion, give their or his Opinion and Directions

to the Jury on the Matter in Issue between the King and the Defendant or Defendants, in like Manner as in

other Criminal Cafes.

Jury may fir d a

Special Vcrdr£t.

Defendants may

move in Arrest of

Judgement as

before passing

thii Att.

III. Provided also, That nothing heiein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the

Jury from finding a Special Verdict, in their Discretion, as in other Criminal Cafes.

IV. Provided also, That in case the Jury shall find the Defendant or Defendants Guilty, it shall and may

be lawlid for the said Defendant or Defendants to move in Arreflof Judgement, on such Ground and in such

Manner as determined by Law he or they might have done before the passing of this Aftj any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to indemnify Persons, being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers and other Publications,

from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein mentioned, relative to Lotteries.

“ 8 Geo- 1. c. 2.—12 Geo. 2. c. 28.-22 Geo. 3. c.47.—and 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. recited. Printers, SpV. in-

* demnified against Act.ons for Penalties incurred before 2, 1792.”

CAP. LXI!.

An Act for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond , in the

Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of WestminJlsr.

CAP.

