A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III.

C. 45. 55

I

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Time when

any half-yearly Payment shall become due, any such Nominee or Nominees appointed by the said Commis-

fionersof the Treasury, shall be in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in his Majesty’s Land

Forces, or Navy, it shall and may be lawful to produce to the said Auditor, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Cer-

tificate of the Lives or Deaths of such Nominees, under the Hands of the respective Officers commanding the

Regiments or Corps, where such Nominees shall serve or have served, or under the Hands of two or more of

the Commissioners of the Admiralty or Navy for the Time being, as the Cafe may require; and in case any

such Nominee or Nominees shall be resident at either of the said Universities, or at any School, or other Se-

minary of Learning, then, and in such Cafe, it shall be lawful to produce the like Certificate, under the Hand

of the principal Rector, Warden, or Master of the College, Hall, School, or other Seminary aforesaid, in

which such Nominees shall be respectively resident; which Certificates being filed with the said Auditor, shall

be likewise a sufficient Warrant for setting apart and reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer the said half-

yearly Payments, in respect of such Nominees, in the Manner and to the Uses herein-before directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Auditor of the Receipt of the

Exchequer shall, on or immediately after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nine-

ty, certify to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being,

the Number of Persons which shall have been then appointed to be Nominees under the said Act, and the

Names of such Nominees respectively, and the particular Classes in which the said Nominees are to be or shall

be placed, and the whole Number of Shares depending upon the Lives of all the Nominees appointed within

each Class respectively; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time

being, shall, and they are hereby required, in the Appointment of Nominees on the Part of the Public, as

herein-before directed, to distribute the Number of Nominees, and of Shares depending on the Lives of such

Nominees, among the several Classes of the Tontine, in the fame Proportion in which the Number of No-

minees appointed by the several Contributors, and the Number of Shares depending on the Lives of such No-

minees, mall appear, by the Certificate of the Auditor herein-before required, to have been distributed among

the said Classes respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all Persons of any of the

Descriptions herein-before enumerated, whose respective Ages and Places of Abode shall be ascertained by the

Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time on or before

the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be distributed according to the

respective Ages of such Persons into fix Classes, corresponding to the several Classes directed by the said Act of

the last Session of Parliament, and written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as may be

of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner ; and shall, on some Day between the said twentieth Day of

September and the tenth Day of Ofiober ope thousand seven hundred and ninety, to be appointed by the said

Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time

being, (whereof Notice shall be given in the London Gazettej, be put into fix Boxes, according to the fix

several Classes in which the fame shall have been distributed, and being there (haken together shall, in the Pre-

fence of the said.Commissioners of the Treasury, or three of them at the least, or the Lord High Treasurer for

the Time being, and also the Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, be publicly drawn out of the said

fix Boxes in their Order,'beginning with the first Class, and so shall continue until a sufficient Number of

Names in each Class shall be drawn out of the said Boxes, to fill up the Proportion of Nominees to be ap-

pointed on the Part of the Public in each such Class, according to the Provisions of this Act ; and which

Names so drawn shall in such Classes be presently entered into a Book or Books to be provided for that Pur-

pose, and the Persons whose Names shall be so drawn, and none other, shall be appointed and duly certified

to the said Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer as the Nominees nominated on the Part of the Pub-

lic in pursuance of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for

the said Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate or appoint any Person to be a Nominee for the Public,

by virtue of this Act, other than a Native of and Resident in Great Britain at the Time of such Nomination.;

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Account to be made up half-yearly

in the Office of the said Auditor of the Deaths of Nominees that are come to the Knowledge of the said Audi-

for, and of the Persons who have made Default in their Annuities, as by the said Act is directed, and also in

the Lift or Schedule to be published yearly in pursuance of the said Act, the said Auditor shall set down dif-

tinftly, and in different Columns, the Names and Ages of such Nominees as were or shall be appointed by

the said Commissioners of the Treasury in pursuance of this Act, and the Names and Ages of such other No-

minees as were appointed by the several Contributors aforesaid in pursuance of the said former Act ; and also

shall set down and distinguish therein the different Annuities payable to die several Contributors aforesaid in

pursuance of the said Act, and the Annuities to be reserved at the said Receipt for or in respect of such Nomi-

nees who shall be living, which were or shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and

also the Amount of the said respective Annuities payable to the said Contributors, or to be reserved as aforesaid.

XXL Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any Monies com-

posing the Fund called The Consoli4ated Fund, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more

of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges

as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them or him shall seem meet,

just and reasonable ; and also shall have Power to make, out of the said Consolidated Fund, such Allowances

as shall be judged reasonable for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers for reeefv-

If Nominees be

in thr Army a

Certificate of the

Commanding

Officer, if in the

Navy of the Ad-

miralty, and if

at the Univerfi-

ty, &c. of the

Master, Scc. to

be sufficient.

Immediately af-

ter Sept. 20,

1790, Auditor

to certify to the

Treasury, the

Number of Pe>-

fons who shall

have been ap-

pointed No-

minee', See,

Treasury to dif-

tribute their

Nominees°in the

several daffies in

proportion to the

N. mmees of the

Contributors,

Names of Per-

fons whose Ages,

See. shall be af-

eertained by

Sept. 20, 1790,

to be distributed

into fix dalles

written on dif-

tinct Pieces of

Paper, put into

fix Boxes, and

drawn >.ui till a

sufficient Num-

ber be drawn to

fill up the Pro-

portion of No-

minees appoint-

on the Part of

the Public,

&c.

None but refi--

dent Natives of

Great Britain to

be Nominees lor

the Public.

Auditor, in the

half-yearly Ac-

countsof Deaths,

to keep disttndl

the Nominee*

appointed by the

Treasury, from

the Nominees

appointed by ih$

Contributors,

Uc.

Out of the Con*

folidated Fund,

the Treasury to

discharge all Ex.-

pcnces attending

he Execution of

this ACt.

