A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52.

Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and the other three-fourth Parts thereof to the Use of the

said United Company, they defraying thereout the Charges of Prosecution.

CXXX. And be it further enacted. That all and every Subject and Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, of or belonging to Great Britain^ or the Islands, Colonies, or Plantations aforesaid, or any of

them, who shall at any Time or Times, before such Determination of the said United Company’s whole and

foie Trade as is herein-before limited, go, fail, or repair to the said East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, against

any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked

there, and all the Ships, Goods, and Merchandize which shall be employed therein, or found in his or their

Custody, or in the Custody of any other Person or Persons by his or their Employment, Order, or Procure-

ment, shall and may be seized, and shall be forfeited, with double the Value thereof, one fourth of which

Forfeiture shall belong to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and three-fourths

thereof shall be to the Use of the said United Company, they thereout defraying the Charges of Prosecution.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted. That if any Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

ceflors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or any of the Islands, Colonies, or Plantations aforesaid, not being

lawfully licensed or authorized, shall at any Time or Times before such Determination of the said Company’s

whole and foie Trade, as is herein-before limited, directly or indirectly go, fail, or repair to, or be found in

the East Indies, or any of the Parts aforesaid, all and every such Person and Persons are hereby declared to be

guilty of a high Crime and Mifdeameanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable to such f'ine or Im-

prisonment, or both Fine and Imprisonmet, as the Court in which such Person or Persons shall be conviCted

shall think fit; and in case of a Fine, one Moiety thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

and the other Moiety thereof to the said United Company, if they shall prosecute the said Offence, or other-

wife such Moiety shall be to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall prosecute the fame.

CXXXil. And be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times, before such Determination of the

said Company’s whole and foie Trade as is herein-before limited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Company and their Successors, by and through such Person or Persons as is and are hereafter mentioned,

to take, arrest, and seize, or cause to be taken, arrested, and seized, at any Place or Places within the East

Indies, or Parts aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or to any of the Islands, Colonies, or Plantations

aforesaid, who dial I go, fail, or repair to, or be or be found within the said East Indies or Parts aforesaid,

against any of the Provisions of this Act, and him or them to remit and fend or bring to England\ there to

answer for his, her, or their Offence according to due Courle of Law; and when such Person or Persons

shall arrive in England, it shall and may be lav/ful to and for anyone or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to commit all and every such Person or Persons

to the next County Gaol, there to remain until sufficient Security be given, by natural-born Subjects or

Denizens, for the Appearance of such Person or Persons in the Court in which he or they shall or may be sued

or prosecuted, or shall be under actual Prosecution in respect of such his or their Offence, and for his or their

not going out of Court, or out of the Kingdom without the Leave of such Court.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted. That the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Company,

of taking, arresting, seizing, remitting, or fending to England, any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to-

gether with the Pov/er of seizing any Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandize, and Effects by this Act made

liable to Seizure or Forfeiture, shall and may be enforced and put in Execution in the Name of the said Com-

pany, by the Order and Authority of the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or the Governor of

Fort Saint George, and Governor of Bo?nbay for the Time being respectively, or by any Chief Officer of the

said Company, resident at any other of the British Settlements in the East Indies respectively, or by the Order

and Authority of the said Company’s Council of Supra Cargoes for the Time being, at the Town or Factory

of Canton, within the said Town or Factory, and upon the River of Canton, or other Part of the Coasts of

China, and by such other Persons as shall be from 'l ime to Time especially deputed and authorized for that

Purpose by the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted. That during such Time as the said Company shall have such whole

and foie Trade as aforesaid, if any Person or Persons who shall have been di(miffed from, or shall have vo-

luntarily resigned the Service of the said Company, or any Free Merchant, Free Mariner, or other Person

whose Covenants or Agreements with the said Company shall be expired or have ceased, or whose Licence

to goto, or tralfick, trade, or reside within the said East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, dial 1 have ceased and de-

termined, shall be or be found in the East Indies^ or Parts and Limits aforesaid, after the Expiration of such

Time as shall be allowed by the respective Governments or Presidencies in Lidia, wherein such Person or

Persons shall be or be found, every such Person and Persons shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and

Purposes whatever, to have unlawfully traded in the said Parts and Limits contrary to this Act, and shall be

subject to all the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions of this Att, against Persons unlawfully going to, or

trafficking, trading, or adventuring, or found in any Place within the said Parts and Limits accordingly.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That as well all and every the Goods, Merchandize, Treasure, and

Effects, which shall at any Time or Times, before such Determination of the said Company’s whole and

foie Trade as aforesaid, be shipped or put on Board any Ship or Ships, or Veff'el or Vessels, bound from

Great Britain to the East Indies, or the Parts aforesaid, (other than and except the Goods, Merchandize,

Treasure, and Effedfs of the said Company, or of other Persons lawfully shipping the fame, under the Limi-

tations and Provisions of this Act, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the fame, and except the

Naval Stores, Provisions, and Necessaries for such Ship or Ships to perform their Voyage,) as also all and

6 every

37 9

Persons going

to the said Part*

contrary to this

Act, to bedrem-

to bare traded

unlawfully.

Any unlicensed

Persons going to

those Parts, or

sourd therein,

liable to Fine

and Imprison-

menu

Such Perfowr

may be arrested

and sent ro Eng-

land for Trial,

and may be com-

mitted.

By whom such

Persons may be

arrested, ani

forfeited Vessels,

&c. seized.

Persons dif.

mi Bed, See. wlifc

ftn’l be found

within the

Limits afore'ai<3r

after the Time

allowed, to be

deemed to have

unlawfully

traded.

All Goods,

(except as herein

except:dj ftiip-

pe J from Great

Britain Co the

East indies,or

taken out of «•nj

Ship horoewar ,

and the Officers

to be forfeited.

