A*E>. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III.C. 67. 275

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of So much of act

his late Majesty, as directs Abstracts thereof to be made out* printed* hung up, and read in his Majesty’s 3* Geo-2* as

Ships and Vessels, shall be repealed; and it is hereby repealed accordingly, fhereoftobe”3*

made out,&c. repealed#

XVI. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the Abstra&, herein-before directed, Ahftrad under

shall be in the following Words, or to the like Effect; (that is to say :) ,his Aa 10 bc in

GENERAL ABSTRACT of the Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the

Payment of the Wages of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of

Marines, and Marines, serving in the Royal Navy of Great Britain.

the following

Form:

31 Geo. 2,

c. 10.

3 Geo. 3. c. 16.

26 Geo. 3. c 63.

32 Geo. 3. c. 33,

1. J? VERY Volunteer who shall enter his Name with any Officer, appointed for entering Volunteers* 3*gco 3 c ot*

shall be intitled to Wages from the Date of his Entry, provided he shall appear on Board his Ship c°‘3*c* 7*

within fourteen Days thereafter: If his Ship shall be distant more than one hundred Miles, he shall be ai- 31 -,c0•2•c•,0,

lowed twenty Days to join it* and thirty Days if the Distance exceeds two hundred Miles; he shall likewise

be intitled to the usual Conduct Money* and to two Months advance Wages at the first fitting out of the

Ship* which shall be paid before it proceeds to Sea; and all Petty Officers* Seamen, and Marines, shall be Ditto,

intitled to the like Advance of two Months Wages before the Ship of which they are on Board shall fail, in

case they shall not have received the fame before.

2. Monies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy, shall, in the first Place, be 31 Geo.2.c. 10,

applied for the regular Payment of all Tickets, and for the regular Discharge of all Wages due, or to grow

due, in Manner following; (that is to (ay,) As often as any Ship which shall have been in Sea Pay twelve

Calendar Months, or more, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof,‘the

Captain or Commander shall immediately cause five complete Pay Books to be made cut for all the Time

such Ship shall have been in Pay, except the last six Months ; and shall forthwith transmit, by the first safe

Opportunity, such Books, together with three Alphabets and a Slop Book, to the Commissioners of the

Navy at their Board ; and as soon as such Ship shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, where there

is a Commissioner of the Navy, the said Commissioner of the Navy shall immediately solicit the necessary

Sums of Money, and cause Payment to be made of the Wages due* deducting the Advance Money, and

all Defalcations, and leaving always the Wages due for the last six Months, and for the Time employed in 3* 3.0.34*

preparing the Books, unpaid, and no more; and all the Wages due upon any Ship shall be paid as soon as 31 Geo.2.c.io»

may be, or within two Months at farthest after the Arrival of such Ship in Port to be laid up.

3. If any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, who shall have been absent at the Payment of his Ship 31 Geo. 2. c. 10*

upon Leave, upon any detached Service, from having been taken by the Enemy, or cast away, shall make

Application for Payment of his Wages in Person, or through his Commander, to the Commissioners of

the Navy at their Board, or to any Commissioner of the Navy at any Port of Great Britain where any

Commissioner of the Navy may be and rciide, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall cause the Ships

Bocks, or Extracts or Lifts made from the same* to be ftin to whichever of the above Places the Party

may be* and the Wages forthwith to be paid : But if his Ship shall not be paid, and he shall be left behind 3iCeo, 3.C. 33*

upon any detached Service, when it proceeds to Sea on Foreign Service, Tickets, upon Application from

the Captain of the Ship on Board of which he shall be ordered to serve, shall be made out from the Muster

Books, but which shall not be payable until such Ship shall come in (Jourfc of Payment, or until he shall he

regularly discharged therefrom.—When the Pay Books are closed, Tickets shall, upon Application, be made 31 Geo. 2.c. 104

out at the Navy Office to the Inferior Officers, Seamen, and Marines, who shall not have received their

Wages, and fitch Tickets shall be paid in Course once a Month.

4. Every Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, who shall be in any Way discharged from any Ship, shall 32 Geo. 3.0.34,

receive from his Captain or Commander, a Certificate of his Time and Service (Blank Copies of which Cer- 32 Geo. 3,0 £7.

tificates shall be issued to all Captains and Commanders, by the Commissioners of -1he Navy, when they'

shall demand the fame); and no Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall receive any Wages, nor shall

such Wages be paid to his Order, or to his Power of Attorney, or to his Heirs or Executors* unless such

Certificate be produced, or unless he shall be identified by a Commissioned or Warrant Officer who be-

longed to the Ship at some Part of the Time of his Service ; and if he shall have been taken by the Enemy*

or cast away, he shall not be paid his Wages, unless he shall have appeared to have entered again on Board

of a King’s Ship, in a reasonable Time thereafter, or unless, in any of these Cafes, he shall shew a reason-

able Cause for not complying with such Directions, that shall be admitted as such by the Commissioner

comptrolling, and the Clerk of the Treasurer then paying; and Wages due to any Person who shall be 3*Geo* 3*c* 34«

marked upon the Ship’s Books to have run from the Service, shall not be payable, unless such Mark shall

be taken off by Order of the Commissioners of the Navy.

5. Every Inferior Officer or Seaman, who shall be turned over when at a Port of Great Britain where a 31 Geo.2.c. 10#

Commissioner of the Navy may be, shall be paid for the Ship from which he shall be so removed, before

that into which he shall go proceeds to Sea, unless it shall be other wise directed by special Order from the

Admiralty, in Cafes of the greatest Exigency only, in which Cafe the Wages shall be paid as soon as such

Ship (hah come again into any Port in Great Britain where there shall be a Commissioner of the Navy.

6. When any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall be removed from one Ship to another while 32Geo. 3. c.334

Abroad, or at any Place where no Commissioner of the Navy shall be and reside, he shall receive a Remove

Ticket for the Time that he shall have lerved in the Ship from which he shall be turned over, which shall

not

