2c6 C, 34. . , Anno tricesimo secundo Georgi III. A.D. 1792.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Ship or Vessel,

having been twelve or more Calendar Months in Sea Pay, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain

where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be or refiJe, and Money shall have been issued for Payment of the

Wages due upon the Books of such Ship or Vessel, sufficientTime {hall bs allowed for fending to the Navy

Office, preparing and examining the Books of the said Ship or Vefiel; and the Wages due to the Officers or

Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, for the

Time during which the said Books shall have been examining and preparing (which shall be done without

Delay) /hall fee reserved and kept in Arrear, over and above the six Months ordered to be left unpaid by an

____ r_ Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, AnAtt

for the Time the for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the

Borjks are pre- funSlual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages ; and for enabling them more caftly and readily to remit

»c7e^6 ?ovlr u>c Same for ioe Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending fab

hTto be Payments, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

left unpaid pursuant to 31 Geo. z. c. 10.

When Ships

having been

twelve or more

Months in Cay,

shall arrive

where any Com-

missioner oi the

Navy reside% and

Money shall be

issued for piyii g

them, the Wages

No Le’ter of

Attorney to be

passed bj the ] n-

f >e£Vor, until a

Certificate is

produced in the

following

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said firftDay of Augiift

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no Letter of Attorney granted by any Petty Officer, Seaman,

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, {hall be passed, damped, and allowed of by the Inspectcr

of Seamen’s Wills and Powers of Attorney, until a Certificate is produced to him from the Captain or Cap-

tains, or Commanding Officer or Commanding Officers of the Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, to which the

Grantor of such Letter of Attorney at the Time belonged, and for which the Wages, Pay, or Allowances

to be received by such Letter of Attorney became due, and which {hall be in the Manner and Form follow-

ing, or to the like Effect:

Form5

N°

4 f IE S E are to certify, That A. B> has served as . on Board of his Ma-

4 jelly’s Ship under my Command, from the to the

4 Dated the of

6 A. B. is Feet Inches high, is of a Complexion, and aged

4 Years.’

unless executed

on Board agree-

able to recued

Act, or reason-

able Cause be

shewn for dif-

penfing thetewith.

An Order for

any Sum not

exceeding 7 1.

may be given

upon the Trea-

surer of the Navy

to be atrefted,

&c. as herein

mentioned.

Who are to be

dermed L’etry

Officer3, &c,

within the

Meaning of this

and former Afls.

Months to be

reckoned by the

Calendar except

in ihe Computa-

tien of Pay, &c.

Lieutenants to

fi^n their Njmes

in Muller Book

Unless such Power of Attorney shall have been made on Board.the Ship or Vessel for which he claimed Pay-

ment for his Services as aforesaid, and is executed in the Manner or Form directed by the before-mentioned

Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or unless reasonable Cause shall be shewn to

and allowed of by such Inspector of Seamen’s Wills and Powers of Attorney, or Person authorised to act for

him, for dispensing with all or any of such Certificate or Certificates.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Sum, not exceed-

ing the Sum of seven Pounds, shall be due and payable, by the Rules of the Navy, to any Petty Officer or

Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in respect of his Services in the Navy, it shall

and may be lawful for such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to

give an Order in Writing for the Payment of the fame, upon the Treasurer of the Navy, which Order shall

be revocable as in the Cafe of Powers of Attorney, and shall be payable to the Person in such Order named,

or to his Order; and the fame shall be attested by the Captain or Commander, or any other of the signing

Officers, or a Lieutenant of the Ship, on Board of which such Services were performed, accompanied with

a Certificate from one of the signing Officers or Lieutenants of such Ship, certifying the Particulars of the

Services of the Drawer of such Order, and the said Order and Certificate shall be laid before the said Inffiec-

for, who shall examine the fame, and if he fees no Cause to suspect the Truth and Authenticity thereof, he

shall (lamp and pals the fame for Payment; but if he shall fee good Cause to suspect the Truth and Authen-

ticity of such Order, he shall report the fame to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of the Navy, and shall enter

his Caveat against the fame, which shall prevent any Money from being had and received thereon, until the

fame shall be authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer or baymaster.

VIII. 4 And, for the better explaining and distinguishing those Officers in his Majesty’s Service who are

4 herein described, and in former Acts have been described, Inferior or Petty Officers, and Non-commissioned

4 Officers of Marines ; and like wife for the better explaining ai\d distinguishing of that Part of the Cotnple-

4 ment on Board his Majesty’s Ships who are herein described, and in former Aits have been described, to be

4 Seamen and Marines,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Part of the said Comple-

ment of such Ship and Ships shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Petty or Inferior Officers, Seamen,

Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, excepting such as are rated upon the Books of such

Ships, Admirals or Flag Officers, and their Secretaries; Captains, and Lieutenants; Mailers, Second

Matters, and Pilots ; Physicians, Surgeons, Chaplains, Boatfwains, Gunners, Carpenters, and Pursers ;

Captains of Marines, Captain Lieutenants of Marines, Lieutenants, and Quarter Matters of Marines.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That albMonths mentioned in this and preced-

ing Acts of Parliament, relating to the Navy, shall be counted and reckoned Calendar Months', excepting

only in the Computation of Pay, Wages, and other Allowances, which shall be computed and cast by reck-

oning twenty-eight Days to the Month, according to the usual Practice of the Navy.

X. 4 And, for the Purpose of more eft'edtually preventing Frauds and Forgeries in the Execution and attest-

4 ing of Letters of Attorney, Wills, Orders, or Certificates, made by or in Favour of Petty Officers, Sea-

7 4 men,

