A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo prime Georgii III. C. 3c

is hereby authorised and required to pay, upon receiving such Certificate, and the fame shall be allowed in

his Account.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, at the End of every

Year, transmit to the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs in England, a Certificate of the Number

of'Returns which have been properly made to him according to the Directions of this Act, in the Course

of every such Year, from every County, Riding, Division, City, cr Town which are Counties of them-

selves, or have and enjoy exempt Jurisdidliction as aforesaid respectively, in that Part of Great Britain

called England; and he mall, in like Manner, transmit to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs

in Scotland, a Certificate of the Number of PvCturns which have been properly made to him, according to

the Directions of this ACt, in the Course of every such Year, from every County, and the Stewartry in

• that Part of Great Britain called Scotland respeCiively ; and such Receiver General of the Customs in

England shall, on an Order from the Comtfiiflioners of the Customs, or any four of them, forthwith re-

pay, out of the Monies in his Hands, arising from the Duties or: foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour imported

(an Account of which Duties he is to keep separate, and to retain in his Hands so much of the Produce

thereof as shall befufticient for that Purpose) to the Treassurers of the several maritime Counties, Ridings,

or Divisions of that ,Part of Great Britain called England, and to the Mayor or other Chief Officer of the

Cities or Towns locally situated within the said Counties, that are Counties of themselves, or have and

enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding five Shillings for every Return certified to

him by the said Receiver of Corn Returns to have been properly made according to the Directions of this

ACt in the Course of every such Year, by the Infpcctors of every such Couiuy, Riding, Division, City

or Town respectively; and a Sum not exceeding two Shillings for every Return from any of the Cities

or Towns in the several inland and other Counties last before mentioned, lo certified to have been properly

made ; and such Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland shall, on an Order from the Commissioners

of the Customs, or any three of them, in like Manner repay, out of the Monies in his Hands, arising

from the Duties on foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour imported (an Account of which Duties he is to keep

separate, and to retain in his Hands so much of the Produce thereof as mail be sufficient for that Purpose)

to tire Treasurers of the several Counties, and the Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every Return certified to him by the said Receiver of Corn Re-

turns to have been properly made according to the Directions of this Act, in the Course of every such

Year, by every such Sherift’ Depute, Steward Depute, or his Substitute, of every such County or Stew-

artry; and every such Treasurer in the several Counties of England shall car. y the Sum so received by

him to the Account of the Rate of every such County, Riding, or Division respectively ; and every such

Mayor or other Chief Officer of the several Cities or Towns which are Counties of themselves, or have and

enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, shall repay the Sum lo received by him to the Churchwardens

and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes or Townships in every such City or Town, in Proportion

to the Sums which every such Parish or Township shall have respeciively contributed for the Payment of the

Inspebtor appointed for every such City or Town, to be carried to '.he Account of the Poor Rates of every

such Parish or Township respectively ; and every such Treasurer ci: the several Counties, and of the Stcv/-

artry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall carry ihe Sums so received by him to the Ac-

count of the publick.Rate or Eels, of every such County or Srewaitry respedtivciy, and the said Re-

ceivers of the Customs in England and Scotland shall be rdpeclively allowed such Payments in their several

Accounts.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Monies aiifing by the Duties on foreign

Corn, Meal, and Flour, impel ted, shall not be fufiicient to make the Repayment aforesaid, it dial! and

may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Englan or any lour or more of them,

and the Commissioners of his Alajefty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively,

to order the Receiver General to make up such Deficiency out of any other Money in his Hand?, arising

from the Duties of Customs ; and the said Receiver General of the Customs in England and Scotland shall

be respectively allowed such Payments in theirlcveral Accounts.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, ThatthcLord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty's Treab ry, for the Time being, cr any three or more of them, {hall from 'Time to Time appoint

a fit and proper Person for executing the Office of Receiver of Corn Returns according to the Directions of

this Abt, with such Salary and Allowance as shall be deemed by them to be a proper and sufficient Com-

peillation for his Time and I rouble in executing the said Office.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, 'That such Ruviv.-r of Corn Returns, before he enters on the

Execution of his Office, shall take the following Oath; [videlicet J

<c T A, B. do fv/car. That I will, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of Receiver

M A of Corn Returns, according to tile Directions of an Act passed in the thiriy-first Year of the Reign

4C of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [firm fei so'tb the Title rf the Act], and in all

“ Things conform inylelf as Receiver of Corn Returns to the Provisions of the said Act/’

Which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex is hereby impowered and required to

administer.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver of Corn Returns to

fend by the Post to any Part of this Kingdom, any printed papers, containing an Account or Abstrabt of

the average Prices of Corn, or any of the other Articles aforesaid, taken from the Returns transrniued to

him

117

ReceiverofCorn

Returns to

transmir, at the

End of each

Year, a C.rtifi-

cateof the Num-

ber of Returns

he has received,

to the Receiver

General of the

Customs in Eng-

land and Scot-

land reflective-

ly, who are to

repay the Money

advanced by the

County Trea-

furers, &c.

County Trca*

fun rf, &c. to

dispose of the

M ney so re-

ceived, in the

Manner herein

mentioned.

If the Duties

on t. reign C<»rn

imporie.i are in-

efficient to

m ike cl'e . foie-

f-itl Repayment,

the Reviver

Gen’ial to m ike

up the Defi-

ciency.

Treasury to ap-

point a Receiver

of Corn Re-

turns,

who is to take

the following

Oath,

ReceiverofCorn

Returns ta fend

and receive Pa-

pers on the Bu-

finefs cf this

