A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 2r.

('Time of Conviction ) (Place of Conviction) (TVjme of Offender)

BE it remembered, that on at----- -----■— A. B.-----

(Addition of Offender) (The Name and Style of the Convicting fujtice or

of ......................was duly convicted before me (or us)-----

jfujlices) (Name cf Offender) (Time of Offence) (Phce of committing Offence)

—-----for that the {aid-----A> B. -----— on-----at-----:-----

did (here Jiate the Offence agohiji the Ac7, according to the FgEI), contrary to the Form of the Statute ;

( Name of Offender)

and I (or we) do declare and adjudge that the said -----A. B% ----- hath forfeited for his said Offence

the Sum of to be distributed as the Law directs.

Given under my Hand and Seal, (or our Hands and Seals,) the Day and Year first above mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge,

or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Sea!, Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark

directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall

counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cessors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend or fell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any

Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the fame

to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to

be used by this Act, relating to the said Stamp Duties by this A61 imposed, with Intent to defraud his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fuller Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit

of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Rates and Duties herein before

granted, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time

being of the Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary

Charges of railing the fame being dedu6ted) into his Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster,

at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed

to be paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ena61ed by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance,

and until the Determination of the Fund herein after mentioned to be established, unto which the Appropria-

tien of a Part of the said Rates and Duties is hereby directed, all the Monies that shall arise of the said Rates

and Duties, shall be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Re-

venues ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Ex-

chequer, during the Time hereafter mentioned, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the

said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all

other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever, and

which Monies so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, within the Time hereafter mentioned, {hall

be subject and applicable to the Uses and Purposes following, and to no other, any Thing herein before con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the

said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt, at any Time or

'Eimes on or before the fifth Day of April owe thousand {even hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and

made Part of the Fund called The Corjolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all such Monies that shall be paid into the said Receipt, after the said

fifth Day of April one thousand ieven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such other Rates and

Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a

Fund for the Payment and Diliharge of the principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three

thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parlia-

ment, together with such Irterest as shall by such Act be oiredted to be paid or made payable for the said prin-

cipal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and dif-

posed, towards the paying ofF and discharging the said Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three

thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due theieon as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose

whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said principal Sum of

one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserv-

ing at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, as

shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three

thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof in the Manner to be directed by any

such Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Fund, to be established as aforesaid, shall be understood to be

redeemed by Parliament, and from thenceforth all the Money arising from the Lid Rates and Duties hereby

imposed and remaining in the said Receipt, or thereafter paid into the lame, 1 hall be carried to and made Part

of the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund, and shall from thenceforth be applied in such Manner as other

Duties on Stampt Vellum, Parchment, or Paper are directed to be applied, or as shall hereafter be directed by

any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time

or Times be hied, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance ert

this Act, or of any Clause, Matter* or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the

General Blue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Vcr-

31 Geo. III. M diet

81

Form of Con-

viction.

rVrfonf coun-

terfeiting

S:amps, &c.

guiLy of Felony,

Duties to be

paid to the Re-

ceiver General

ofStamp Duties.

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

kept 5part from

other Monies

during the Time

hereafter men-

tioned,

Duties paid into

the Exchequer

on or before

APril 5> |792»

to be carri *d to

the Consolidned

Fond, and after-

wards to be ap-

plied in Dif-

charge of

1,833,000 1. to

be raised by Ex-

chequer RilL,

anu Interest,

After Payment

of the f. id

*1833,000 1, and

Intereil, the

Duties to be ear-

ned to the Con-

foliddted Fund.

General JITm#.

