45

A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. C. 40.

without Entry, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Manufacturers of Tobacco or SnufF with-

out Entry are subject to by the said recited Act 5 any Thing in the said recited Aci contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding: Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed

to extend, to annul or m:ike void any Entry of, or to fubied any Person or Persons to any Penalty or For-

feiture, in respect of any T ebacco or SnufF being manufactured in anyTobacco or SnufF Manufactory, which

shall have been used as such Tobacco or SnufF Manufactory at any Time on or before the fifth Day of July

one thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine, and whereof aue Entry shall be made at the Office of Excite, or

any Room, Vault, or other Place which shall be erected, and shall belong and appertain thereunto ; any

Thingtierein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of

SnufF, to manufacture his, her, or their Snuff Work, either into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown

Scotch SnufF, although such manufacturing thereof shall be different from any Declaration by him, her, or

them delivered to the Officer of Excise in pursuance of the said ACt or of this Act, such Manufacturer and

Manufacturers respectively observing and performing the several Rules, Regulations, Notices, and Declara-

tiens in that Behalf prescribed and directed by this ACt; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the

contrary thereof notwithstanding.

but not to ex-

tend to Placet

duly eo'ered at

the Excise Of-

fice before July

J* »7*9«

Snuff Work may

be manufacturek

into Rappee,

Scotch, or

Brown Scotch

Snuff, though

contrary to the

Declaration de-

livered to the

Officer, if the Manufacturer observe the Regulation* ef thia A&.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall and

may give to the proper Officer of Excise, from Time to Time, whilst such Snuff Work shall be in Cask or

Bin pursuant to the said Act, a previous Notice in Writing, according to the Directions of this Act, of his,

her, or their Intention to manufacture such Snuff Work different from his, her, or their former Declaration

or Declarations, and in such Notice shall specify the Cask and Casks, or Bin and Bins, and the Number and

Numbers thereof respectively, in which such Snuff Work shall then be, and the Time or Times when such

Snuff Work was laid down or added to in pursuance of this Act, and the Purpose for which the fame was be-

fore declared to be laid down; and also shall, within forty-eight Hours next after every such Notice being so

given as last aforesaid, deliver to such Officer a fresh Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weight of Rich

Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks,'and Returns, respectively, and die Weight of theTobacco Stalk Flour (if any)

laid down in such Snuff Work, and whether the fame, and how much thereof respectively, is intended tone

made into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, and shall proceed without Delay to manu-

facture the fame, and finish the manufacturing thereof, according to the last Declaration in that Respect de-

livered ; and all such Snuff Work shall, after any such Notice and Declaration being given as last aforesaid,

be subject to the like Norices and Declarations, and to the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties* and Provisions,

as are by the said Act and this Act required and provided, with respect to Snuff Work laid down and manu-

fadured according to the Directions of the said Act and of this ACt.

XI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer or

Manufacturers of SnufF, to add to any Parcel of SnufF Work in Operation (once whilst the fame shall be laid

down in Calk or Bin, in pursuance of the said Act, or once immediately before or in the grinding thereof, or

once at or during each of the said respective Operations, but not oftener) any Quantity of Tobacco, Tobacco

Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, or either of them, upon his, her, or their giving,

from Time to Time, to the proper Officer of Excise, previous to any such Increase being made, a like No-

tice in Writing as herein i9 directed, of such his, her, or their Intention, specifying in each such Notice the

particular Calk and Calks, or Bin and Bins, and the Number and Numbers thereof respectively, in which

such SnufF Work shall then bej or from out of which such Snuff Work has been taken, as the Cafe may be,

and the Time when such Snuff Work was first laid down, and also the Time when any Increase. if any was

made thereto, and the Weights of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of

Tobacco, respectively intended to be added to such Snuff' Work \ any Thing in the said Act contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, giving

any such Notice as last aforesaid, shall immediately on such Officer’s Attendance pursuant to such NoticeVand

which Attendance every such Officer is hereby required to give accordingly), or within one Hour after the Time

specified in such Notice, weigh all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks* Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of

Tobacco, respectively, as shall be intended to be added to such Snuff Work, and which (haul be weighed fe-

parate and apart from each other, in the Presence of such Officer, who shall take an Account of the fame, and

shall allb immediately after the fame respectively shall have been weighed, and an Account thereof taken, de-

liver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weights of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks*

Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively intended to be added to such Snuff Work, and

also the Weights of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, before

laid down in or added to such SnufF Work, and whether such Snuff Work, and how much thereof respective-

ly, is SnufF Work for Rappee Snuff, SnufF Work for Scotch Snuff, or SnufF Work for Brown Scotch Snufl^

and the Time when such Snuff Work was laid down, and also the Time when any Increase (if any) was made

thereto; and all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns of Tobacco, so added

or intended to be added to such Snuff Work, Fhall, after any such Notice and Declaration given as last afore-

laid, be subject to the like Notices, and to the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Provisions, as are by

the said Act and this Act required and provided with respect to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk

Flour, or Returns of Tobacco* laid down or manufactured into Snuff Work according to the Directions of

the said Act and of this Act.

XIII. And

Notice to be

given the Officer

of any Intention

to imnufacture

SnufF Work dif-

ferent from De-

claration* Ac.

To SnufF Work

in Operation,

Tobacco, &c.

may be added at

the Time* here-

in specified, ftc.g

if the Manufae*

tuner comply

with the Regu-

lation! herein

mentioned.

