A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 7

a certain Duty of Excise of one Penny Halfpenny is imposed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois

c of Candles of Tallow, and other Candles whatsoever, (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles,) made in

4 Great Britain, and a certain Drawback of Excise is granted of one Penny Halfpenny for every Pound

c Weight Avoirdupois of such Candles (except as aforesaid) exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts p

-May it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day

of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one Halfpenny of the said Duty and Drawback re-

spectively for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Candles, shall be repealed, cease, and determine;

and that then and from thenceforth the several Powers and Authorities given by any Act or Acts of Parliament, as far as relates to the levying, collecting, and paying so much of the fakl Duty and Drawback, shall

qeafe and determine; save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof

respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto

jespectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to every Tallow Chand-

ler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, in Great Britain, for every Pound Weight of Candles, (except

Wax and Spermaceti Candles,) as shall be in the Stock, Custody, or Possession*, of any such Tallow Chand-

ler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, on the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

.and ninety-two, for which the said Duties shall have been paid or charged, an Allowance of one Halfpenny.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That no Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall

have or be entitled to any such Allowance, unless he, she, or they, shall, before the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, give or leave a Notice and Declaration in Writing at the Chief

Office of Excise in London, if such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall reside

within the Limits thereof, or to or with the proper Officer of Excise in other Parts of Great Britain, ex-

pre/fing his, her, or their Name and Place of Abode, and the Quantity of such Candles which he, she, or they

shall have in his, her, or their Stock, Custody, and Possession, and for which he, she, or they intend to claim

the Allowance given or granted by this Act, and of the particular House, Melting-house, Workhouse, Ware-

house, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, where such Candles for or in respect of which he, she, or

they claim such Allowance shall be kept or deposited, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in

anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all

and every the Officer and Officers of Excise, at his and their free Will and Pleasure, at any Time or Times

between the Houis of Five in the Morning and Seven in the Evening, of the said twenty-sixth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to enter and go into every House, Storehouse, Shop, Room,

Workhouse, Warehouse,or other Place where any such Candles, for or in respect of which any such Allow-

alice shall be claimed, {hall be kept or deposited, and to take a true and particular Account, and ascertain

the exact Quantity thereof; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find a less Quantity of such Candles,

than the Quantity which such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall have specified

in such his, her, or their Notice or Declaration, every such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in

Candles,{hall forfeit and lose all Right, Title, and Claim to any Allowance which he, she, or they might other-

wife have been entitled to under or by virtue of this Act; and if any Person or Persons whatever shall prevent

or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise from entering or going into any such House, Workhouse, Ware-

house, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, or from taking such Account, or ascertaining the Quantity of

any such Candles as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the taking of such

Account, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by this

Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty

Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Tallow Chandler, or other

Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall, and he, she, and they respectively are hereby required to provide Suf-

ficient and just Scales and Weights at all and fmgular the Houses, Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses,

Shops, Rooms, or other Places where he, she, or they shall or do keep any such Candles, for or in respect

whereof any such Allowance shall be claimed, and permit and suffer the Officer or Officers of Excise to make

use thereof for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of such Candles, and {hall also assist such

Officer or Officers of Excise in uiing such Scales and Weights for the Purpose aforesaid; and if any such

Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall neglect or refuse to keep such Scales and

Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to make use of the

fame as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to assist any such Officer or Officers of Excise in making use of the

fame as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and

if any such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall, in the weighing of any such

Candles, make use of, cr cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust, or inlufficient Scales or

Weights, or shall practise any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be

hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Candles, then, and in every such

Cafe, such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall for each and every such Offence

forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust, or insufficient Scales and Weights

respectively, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

B b 2 VI. And

From March 25,

179*> q* Per

lb. on Candles $>f

the Dusy irn-

posed, and of the

Drawback al-

lowed, by the

recited Act, to-

cease.

t q. per lb. on

Candles to be

allowed for

Stock on March

26, »79i.

Dot no such Af-

lowance to be

made, unless

Notice be given

before March

25, 1792,of the

Quantiiy, &c.

Excise Officer?,

between Five in

the Morning add

Seven in the

Evening of

March 26, may

take an Account

of Slock, and if

found less than

contained in the

Notice, the

Dealer to forfeit

the Allowance.

Penalty of 50).

for obstructing

Officers.

Dealers not pro-

viding jnfl Scales

and Weights for

rhe Use of the

Officers, Scc. t9

forfeit 501.

and using any

Art to deceive

them in taking

Weight to for-

feit 1 ool ami

the Scales and

Weight!-

