A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 73. 581

like Manner as if such respective Oaths, Declarations, or Affirmations mentioned and expressed in such re-

spective Certificates* had been administered by, and made, subscribed, or taken before the Returning Officer

or Officers at such Election.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons offering to Persons offering

vote at any such Election, without producing such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be lawfully required to

take the said Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, or any of them, or to subscribe the said De-

claration of Fidelity, and make the said Declaration or Affirmation of the Eftedt of the said Oath of Abjura- draw and take

tien, or either of them; then such Oaths, Subscription, Declarations, or Affirmations, or any of them, the Oaths.

{hall not be administered by the Returning Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons taking, the Poll,

but the Elector or Electors so required to take such Oaths, or to subscribe or make such Declarations or

Affirmations respectively, shall immediately withdraw, and shall take the said Oaths, or subscribe and make

the said Declarations or Affirmations respectively, before one of the Persons appointed and (worn as afore-

said, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time during the Poll at any If the Number

such Election it shall be found that the Number of Persons so appointed as aforesaid is insufficient for the of Persons so ap-

Purposes aforesaid, and that the Poll is delayed for Want of a sufficient Number of Persons to administer fulfilment

such Oaths, Declarations, and Affirmations as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the Returning Officer mor. may be

or Officers at such Election may, and he or they is and are herehy empowered and required, at the Instance appoiated.

and Request in Writing of any Candidate then present, to retain, nominate, and appoint such further Num-

ber of Persons, for the Purpose of administering the said Oaths, Declarations, and Affirmations as aforesaid,

and of granting such Certificates as aforesaid, as shall be necessary to prevent such Delay; and the Persons so

nominated and appointed shall take the like Oath, which fhairbe administered to them respectively, in like

Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Persons first anpointei for the Purposes aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Returning Officer or Returning Offi- Returning Offi-

cers at every such Election shall, and is and are hereby required to appoint, find, and provide a proper Place cers to aPP°,nC

for^ every such Person, so appointed as aforesaid, to execute the Duty hereby imposed upon such Person, to ^ki^the

which Place the respective Electors may have free Access, without interrupting the Poll, and so as to enable ’&E

the Persons so appointed to act separately without interfering with each other in the Execution of their

Office; and that each of the said Places so appointed shall be open, and attended by the Person or Persons

appointed to act there, during all such Times as the Poll at any such Election shall be kept open, and con-

tinue at least eight Hours in every Day, between the Hours of eight in the Morning and eight in the

Evening, until the final Close of the Poll; and that the said Oaths, and the said Declarations or Affirma-

tiens of the Effect of the said Oath of Abjuration, shall respectively be administered to as many of the

Electors, being ready, and desiring to take or make the fame respectively, as can conveniently take or make

the fame together, not exceeding the Number of twelve at one Time; and such Returning Officeis shall

also find, provide, and deliver to each Person, who {hall be appointed by him or them in Manner aforesaid,

a sufficient Number of printed Forms of the Declaration of Fidelity required by Law to be made and

subscribed by Quakers, before they can be admitted to vote at such Election, with Clanks therein for the

Names of the Persons offering to make and subscribe the fame to be inserted therein, one of which Forms

shall be filled up with the Name of, and subscribed by, the Persons defiling to make and subscribe the De-

claration of Fidelity; and such Returning Officer or Returning Officers shall also find, provide, and deliver

to each Person wno shall be so appointed by him or them as alorekud, a lufticient Number or printed Cer-

tificates, agreeable to the Form hereinbefore directed, to oe filled up as Occallon shall require, and deliver to

each Elector so taking the said Oaths, or subscribing or affirming as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hat in case the Candidates, or any of them, The Returning

shall, three Days at the least before any such Eledhon, give, or cause to be given. Notice in writing to tnc nr*

Returning Officer or Officers to provide proper Places for administering the said Oath-', Declarations, and PUcrsVn be

Affirmations as aforesaid to the Eledtois, then and in every such Cafe such proper Places shall be prepared reac*y lAihe Day

and provided, so as to be ready belore and against the Day of Election; and in case there shall not be a of Eieaiun.

sufficient Number of fit and convenient Places for that Purpose, at the Town or Place where such Election

shall be had, which the Returning Officer or Officers can conveniently and at a reasonable Expence pro-

cure, then the said Returning Officer or Officers shall, and is and are hereby required to cause such Booths

or temporary Erections to be made, in convenient Places in that Behalf, as shall be ncceffsiry for the Pur-

pose, the Expence of which Booths or Places, and of the said printed Forms, and also the Ail wance and Expences so be

Compensation to be made to the several Persons who shall be appointed to administer the said Oaths, De- defrayed by tho

clarations, and Ainrmations as aforesaid, for their \ rouble and Attendance, not exceeding one Pound one Candidates,.

Shilling a IX y. to every oi them for each Day of Attendance, shall be dehayeu and repaid by the Candi-

dates at fuen Election, in equal Proper.ions to the Returning Officer or Returning Officers w.io shall have

incurred such Expence, and Hull and may be recovered by such Returning Officer or Returning Officers,

in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wcjhninjhi\ by Adiion of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit,

or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or V/ager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall bee

allowed.

G A P.

