253

A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georg n III. C. 55.

Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National

Debt, in like Manner as any other additional Annual Sum directed to be issued by virtue of this Act, in confe-

quence of any new Loan \ and the said Commissioners of the Treasury and Auditor are hereby required to issue

the said Sum accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums hereby directed to be set apart at

the End of each Quarter, and issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them

placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of such

new Loans as aforesaid, shall be,so set apart and issued at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at the

End of each Quarter, in the Order in which such Loans shall have respectively taken place, immediately

after the Sums which are directed to be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue

of the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty,or which may hereafter be directed to be issued and

placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by any other Act or Acts of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after issuing the Quarterly Sums directed

by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty, or which may have been previously di-

rested by any other Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, there shall not remain, out of the Monies com-

posing the Consolidated Fund, Monies sufficient to provide for the Payment of the further Quarteily Sum

directed to be set apart or issued by virtue of this Act, in consequence of any new Loan, the Amount of every

such Deficiency shall be carried forward and made good in the lame Manner, and according to the fame Re-

gulations and Provisions, as are prescribed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty, with

respect to any Deficiency of the Quarterly Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds ; and that all theRe-

gulations, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities created or established by the said herein-before recited Act, for

the making good any Deficiency of the Quarterly Payment of the said Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand

Pounds, shall be valid and effectual for the Purpose of making good, in like Manner, any Deficiency in the

Quarterly Payments of the further Sum directed to be issued by virtue of the present Act, as fully, to all In-

tents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly re-enacted.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Amount of any Deficiency which

may arise at the End of any Year, computed to the fifth Day of January, either in respect of the Payment

of the Quarterly Sums of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, or of any other Quarterly

Sums which may be directed to be issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the Lommif-

sioners for reducing the National Debt, by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or of the Quarterly

Sums directed to be issued by virtue of this Act, on Account of any new Loan, and whether the fame re-

spectively shall have arisen in any preceding Quarter or Quarters within such Year, or in the Quarter ending

on the fifth Day of "January on which such Year shall end, may and shall be made good out of any Aids or

Supplies which shall be, or shall have been granted by Parliament, for the Service of the then current Year,

as directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, or out of any Aids or Supplies

which shall have been granted for the Service of any Year preceding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies which shall be placed to the

Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be applied by them, either in Payment for the

Redemption of such redeemable Publick Annuities as shall be at or above Par, in such Manner and at such

Periods as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, or to the Purchase of any Publick An-

nuities below, at, or above Par, in the Manner respectively directed by the said recited Act of the twenty-

sixth of his present Majesty, and that l'uch Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of any redeemable Publick

Annuities, as shall be redeemed or paid off by any Sums to be issued or placed to the Account of the said

Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, shall be transferred to the Account of the said Commissioners, and that

the Dividends payable thereon shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the

Rank of England, and shall by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners : Provided always,

That any Sums which shall, by virtue of this Act, be issued or placed to the Account of the said Conmiif-

sioners, in consequence of any new Loan, and which shall be applied to the Redemption or Purchase of any

Capital Stock as aforesaid, and also the Dividends payable on any Stock lb redeemed or purchased in each

Quarter, shall be placed to a separate Account, in the Names of the said Commissioners, to be kept in confe-

quence of every such Loan respectively; and that all the other Powers and Authorities, Regulations and

Provisions, contained in the said Act, respecting the Application of Monies issued or placed to the Account

of the said Commissioners, by virtue of the said Act, or respecting the Accounts to be rendered for the fame,

or the Charges of Management thereupon, or respecting the Security to be given by the Cashier or Cashiers

of the Bank of England, shall be valid and effectual with respect to the Monies issued or placed to the Ac-

count of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, (except so far as the lame are herein expressly varied,)

us fully as if the fame were particularly re-enacted.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counter-

feit or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or assist in the forging or counter-

feiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or alter any

Number, Figure, or Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged,

counterfeit,or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders (knowing the fame to be forged, counter-

feit or altered), then, and in every such Cafe, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof convicted

in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fi/Jer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without

Benefit of Clergy.

Sums to be issued

undrr this A6> to

hr issued in • he

Order th • Loans

have tiicen

place, See.

Whenever there

remains not Mo-

ney of the On-

folidateo Fund

t" pay the fur-

ther Sum to be

issued in confe-

quence of any

new Loan, the

Deficiency shall

be m.ide good, as

directed by 26

Geo. 3. c. 31.

Any Deficiency

in the Quarterly

Payments which

may arise at the

End of the Year*

to be made good

out of any Sup-

plies granted for

the current or

any preceding

Ye,r.

Monies pheed to

the Account of

the Commis-

sioners, to be

applied as herein

mentioned, and

the Srock re-

deemed to be

translerrrd to

their account,

and the Divi-

dends placed

tl e'eto.

Sums placed so

their Account in

consequence 6f

any new Loan

to be kept fepa-

rate, Ac.

Perform counter* '

lei'ing Certifi-

cate?, Sec. to fuf-

fer Death.

CAP.

