Ar IX 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo G e o r g i i III. C. 51—54.'

her Majestys Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant

Line), whereby to vacate the Seat in Parliament of either of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to

be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act, or to disqualify any such Commissioner from being elected, or

fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

IX. And be it further enacted^ That this Act shall continue in force from the End of this present Session

of Parliament, for and during the further Term of twelve Calendar Months, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer*

CAP. LI.

' An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore

the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunflall, in the County of York;

and for vesting the fame in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments; and for extinguishing

and destroying a certain Term of one hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in

Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors.

CAP. LII.

An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge,

at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said

Parish of Cuckfield, and also of a Branch of the said River to Shortbridge, in the Parish of Fletching, in

the County of Sussex.

CAP. L1II.

An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for paving, cleansing, and

lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Weft minder, and

Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets,

under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of the Commissioners appointed

by or in pursuance of the said several Acts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances,

Obstructions, and Incroachments in the said Streets, and other Places; and for other Purposes,

CAP. LIV.

An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the Trustees of Westminster Fifti Market in

the Marine Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned ; and for discontinquing the

Powers of the said Trustees.

c TX WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late

* VV Majesty, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fijfh in the City of Westminster, and for other

4 Purposes in the said Act: mentioned ; and by the said Act: Trustees were appointed, with Power to crest

4 and build a Fish Market within the said City, and certain Duties were granted and made payable by all

4 Fishermen and other Persons bringing Fish to the said Market, and a Piece of Ground, situate near

4 Westminster Bridge, was conveyed to the said Trustees, for the Purpose of erecting and holding the said

c Fim Market; and in the twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty an Act was made for rendering

4 the first-mentioned Act more effectual; and by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

4 of his said late Majesty, certain Duties were granted upon all Fishing Vessels coming to the None, to be

4 applied towards carrying the Purposes of the said several Acts into Execution: And whereas the said

4 Trustees endeavoured to establish a Fish Market agreeable to the Directions of the said Acts, but it was

4 found impracticable to establish the fame ; and the Design hath been abandoned several Years ago, and the

4 said Piece of Ground was let upon a Building Leale, at a certain reserved annual Relit of sixty-five

4 Pounds, and the said Trustees are now in the Receipt of the said Relit, and also of the Duties granted to

4 them as aforesaid ; and are also possessed of the Sum of four thousand two hundred Pounds in the Three

4 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, being the accumulated Produce of the said Rents and Dufies;

4 but the said Trustees are not authorized to make any Application thereof: And whereas the providing

4 Apprentices for Fishermen, Matters of Ships, or other Persons employed in the Sea Service, being one

4 of the Objects of the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in case the

4 said Fish Market had succeeded, and there had been any Surplus Money to be disposed of, it is expedient

4 that the Estate and Property of the said Trustees should be applied in Augmentation of the Fund of the

4 Marine Society, to be disposed of for the Purposes of the said Society, or in such Manner as is herein-

4 after directed :’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Und Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said

Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorized and required, on or before the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to cause the said Sum of four

thousand two hundred Pounds Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, belonging to the said

Trustees, to be transferred to the Marine Society, and also to pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Marine

Society, all such Moneyas shall be in she Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and all other

2 Money

61

Continuance of

this Act.

Preamble.

22 Geo. IT,

Cap. 49.

19 Geo* II.

Cap. 39.

33 Geo. II.

Cap. 27.

The Money b«v

longing to the

Trustee* to be

transferred and

piid to, and the

Ground verted

in, the Marino

Society*

