259

A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 57.

said, then that it shall and may be lawful for such two Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals,

to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, together with the reason-

able fcxpences of such Distress: Pro/ided always, That it shall and may be lawful for such Master or Mif-

tress as aforesaid, from whom any Parish Apprentice shall be discharged under and by virtue of the A£>,

made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to appeal against the Order made

for such Discharge as aforesaid, and also against any such Order made for his or her Payment of any such

Sum or Sums of Money in consequence thereof as aforesaid, or for his or her Payment of any Sum or

Sums of Money in lieu of a subsequent Binding, under and by virtue of the Provisions of this A3, to the

next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place where fucti

Orders, any or either of them, shall be made, and upon such Appeal the said Court of General Quarter Sd-

fions shall finally determine the fame, and in their Discretion allow to all Parties their reasonaole Costs;

and no such Distress for enforcing the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money as are last mentioned,

shall be taken until after the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden next after any such Order as

aforesaid shall be made, in case the Person who is ordered to pay the fame (ha’l, within seven Days after No-

tice given to him or her of such Order being made, give Notice to such Churchwardens and Over leers of

the Poor, some or one of them, of such intended Appeal; and in case such Person shall tail to appear in

Support of his Appeal at such General Quarter Session, then the Sum of forty Shillings shall be added to

the Expences of the Distress before directed to be taken, and levied accordingly.

XIII. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act it is also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for two Justices, upon Application or Complaint made upon Oath by any Master or Mistress, against

4 any Parish Apprentice, touching or concerning any Misdemeanor, Miscarriage, or ill Behaviour of such

4 Apprentice, to hear and determine the same, and punish the Offender in such Manner as is therein men-

4 tioned, or otherwise to discharge such Apprentice from his Apprenticeship, and it is expedient to prevent

the Expectation of such Discharge being an Inducement to such ill Behaviour on the Part of the Appren-

4 tice;’ be it enacted, That in all Cafes where any Parish Apprentice shall be discharged by two Justices,

under and by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, from his or her Apprenticeship, on Account of any

Misdemeanor, Miscarriage, or ill Behaviour on the Part of such Apprentice, that it shall and may be lawful

for such two Justices, if they think proper, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to punish such

Offender by Commitment to the House of Correction, there to remain and be corrected, and kept to

hard Labour, for a reasonable Time, not exceeding three Calendar Months, as to such Justices ihail

seem meet. ^ t

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done,

or omitted- to be done, by any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or by any of his Majesty’s Justices

of the Peace, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, under and by virtue of this Act, besides such

Matters or Things for which an Appeal is herein-before specially given, it shall and may be lawful for such

Person or Persons to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, where the fame shall be

heard and finally determined; and such Court may award reasonable Costs and Expences to either Party

before the nr.

Mifters *>ay ap-

peal to the

Quarter Sessions,

Sc c.

On Notice of

fucS -Appeal, no

Hill rtf* to be

made till aft-r

the Qu mer Scf-

fion.

40s Penalty for

failing t-» lup-

port Ajipidi.

Apprentices^ if.

charged for ill

Brhaviour may

be lent to the

H 'use of Cor-

re&iom

Parties aggrieved

may aop^ak to

the Quaker Scf-*

A ns*

S C H E D U L E

Referred to in this A£h.

A.

FORM Pro7i.fi to be added to the Covenant for Maintenance.

■pRO VI DED always. That the said last-mentioned Covenant on the Part of the said M. [theMe;fin ]

his Executors and Administrators, to be done and performed, shall continue and be in force for no longer

Time than for three Calendar Months next after the Death of the f?;d F. M. in case he the said F. M. shall

happen to die during the Continuance of such Apprenticeship, according to the Provisions of an Act passed

in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of

the Ail-]

B.

FOR M of the Order of two ffices, direfling a Par if Apprentice to continue with the TVi dew [or as the

Cafe maybe] of his deceastd Maser^ by Indofment on the bidenture or Counterpart thereof; on which

Binding no more was paid than the Sum for that Purpose mentioned in this At7.

County of ? HEREAS F. M. [the Majler\ within named, late of the Parish of

J in the said County, died on the Day of , being

within three Calendar Months now last past; vve, two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County

aforesaid, whole Names are hereunto subseriied, on the Application and at the Request of A. At Widow [nr

as

litized by kjCOQle

