A.D. 179*, Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 31. 121

tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for regijlcring the Prices at which Corn

is fold in the Jeviral Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported\) shall not, upon an

Average of the Returns made by virtue of the said Act, exceed the Prices upon which Bounties have been

heretofore allowed on each Sort respectively, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of

his Privy Council, to order that the fame Bounties be allowed on each Sort respectively, as would be

allowed and payable thereon, if such Corn, Grain, or other Articles, were exported under the Au-

thority of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, and subject to the fame Regulations, Con-

ditions, and Restrictions, and to the lame Penalties and Forfeitures, as are enacted and imposed in and by

the said Acts.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,or be

deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation on Bounty of such Malt as {hall have been made

or declaredfor Exportation, on or before the tenth Day cf June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

(the Price of Barley at the T'ime when such Malt is hereby allowed to be exported, being, in the District

from whence it is to be exported, at or under the Price at which Barley, by this Act, may be exported

after the fifteenth Day of November, in the Year one thousand leven hundred and ninety-one,) upon the

Prop rietor or Proprietors of such Malt as aforesaid producing, to the Collector or chief Officer of the

Customs at the Port where such Malt as aforesaid {hall be exported, a Certificate or Certificates from the

Officer or Officers of Excise with whom the Entry of the Corn intended to be made into such Malt as

aforesaid for Exportation {hall have been made, that such Malt was actually declared or made for Exporta-

tien, on or before the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

ever they would

be allowed uo.

der any A& in

force*

Matt made or

declared 'for Ex-

portation on or

before June io*

1791, may be

exported on cer-

tain Conditions*

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the

Province of Quebec, in North America j and to make further Provision for the Go-

vernment of the said Province.

c TT WHEREAS an Act was;passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec

c in North America: And whereas the said Act is in many Respects inapplicable to the present Condition

and Circumstances of the said Province: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that further Pro-

4 vision should now be made for the good Government and Prosperity thereof:’ May it therefore please

your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

£ relent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as in any

lanner relates to the Appointment of a Council for the Affairs of the said Province of Quebec, or to

the Power given by the said Act to the said Council, or to the major Part of them, to make Ordinances

for the Peace, Welfare, and good Government of the said Province, with the Consent of his Majesty’s

Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, {hall be, and the fame

is hereby repealed.

. 4 11. And whereas his Majesty has been pleased to signify, by his Meffrge to both Houses of Parliament,

4 his royal Intention to divide his Province of Qiiebec into two separate Pr ovinces, to be called The Province

4 of Vtpcr Canada, and The Province of Lower Canada f be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

there shall be within each of the said Provinces respectively a Legislative Council, and an Assembly* to be

ieverally composed and constituted in the Manner herein-after described; and that in each of the said

Provinces respectively his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall have Power, during the Continuance of

this Act, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Provinces

respectively, to make Laws for the Peace, Welfare, and good Government thereof, such Laws not

being repugnant to this Act; and that all such Laws, being passed by the Legislative Council and Assembly

of either of the said Provinces respectively, and assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or

assented to in his Majesty’s Name, by such Person as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, {hall from Time

to Time appoint to be the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of such Province, or by such Person as

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, {hall from Time to Time appoint to administer the Government

within the same, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, by virtue of and undev the Authority

of this Act, valid and binding to all Intents and Purposes whatever, within the Province in which the fame

shall have been so passed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purpose of constituting such Le-

giOative Council as aforesaid in each of the said Provinces respectively, it {hall and may be lawful for his

lajesty, his Heiis or Successors, by an Instrument under his or their Sign Manual, to authorize and direct

----- « °-r" iid Pro-

Instru-

>n each of the said Provinces respectively, a fuSicient Number of discreet and proper Persons' being not

fewer than seven to the Legislative Council for the Province of Upper , and not fewer than fifteen

to the Legislative Council for the Province of Lower Canada j and that it shall allc

31 Geo. III.

Preamble.

14 Geo 3. c.

83, recited.

So much of re*

cited AO as re-

lates to the Ap-

pointment of a

Council for Que-

bec, or its Pow-

ers, repealed.

Within each of

the intended

Provinces a Le-

piflitive Council

and Assembly to

be constituted,

by whose Adv;ce

his Majesty may

make Laws for

the Government

of the Pro-

vince.

His Majesty may

authorise the

Governor, or

Lieutenant Go-

vernor, of each

Province, to

summon Mem-

bers to the Le-

giflative Council,

also be lawful for his

Majesty,

