A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34.

4 N° Nam Pay-Office. 179

4 Revd SIR,

4 XjrAVING received a Check, formerly issued by this Office, to which there are Certificates annexed,

4 A attested by you and two Cho7tuicrr*CM I of your Parish, certifying that C. D. also of your Parish, is the

4 Person defrribed in the said Check to be the Execut X* I to A. B. late a JEIK? I belonging to his Ma-

4 jesty’s Navy, and requesting that a Probate of the Will of the said A* B. may be granted ;

4 I am directed by Act of Parliament of the thirty-second of George the Third,. Chap. to forward

4 you the enclosed ^u7«tkTiT 1 and Copy of the Will, for the Purpose of swearing the Person so named

4 Execut I Xx I accordingly. ‘

4 I am, Rev4 SIR,

4 Your most obedient Servant,

4 /. P. Inspector.

4 P. S. When the I %I is executed, you will please to return it, together with the Copy of the

c Will, addressed

4 To the Treasurer, or

4 To the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, London;

4 And specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of

the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, whole Abode is nearest to the Execut I who will be directed to pay

4 I I the Wages due to the Deceased.

47iA.B.

4 Mintfler of the Parish of

And the said Proctor having received the said Will, and the said Letter so written by the Inspector, shall im-

mediately sue out the previous Commission or Requilition, or take such other proper and legal Steps as may

be necessary towards enabling the said Executor or Executors, so applying for Probate of the said Will, to

obtain the fame, and shall endole such previous Commission or Recjuifition, or other legal and necessary In-

itrument, with Inductions for executing the fame, as also a Copy of the said Will, in the Letter so to be ad-

drelied to the Minister, Churchwardens, or Elders, and shall forward such Letter and Enclosures as aforesaid

by the General Poll, agreeable to the Acid refs put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, by the Paymaster of

the Navy, or by the Infi>ecior of Seamen’s Wills.

XIX. And be itenadted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Minister, and the Churchwardens, or Elders,

as the Cafe may be, shall immediately upon Receipt of such Letter, as aforesaid, with the previous Commis-

fion or Requilition, or other Instruments enclosed therein, take such Steps as to them may seem proper or

ncccftary for procuring the Execution of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other InstrumeYit

directed by the Prodtor to be executed, and the fame being so executed, he or they shall transmit the fame to

the T reafurer, or to the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Pro-

bate of Will fhalhbe and refidb at a Distance from the Place where the Wages, Prize A'loney, or other Al-

lowances of Money due to the Deceased, are payable, he or they shall specify and describe the Receiver Ge-

neral of the Land T ax, Collector of the Customs, Collator of the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, who may

be most convenient, or nearest to the Person applying for such Probate; and the said Treasurer or Paymaster

of his Majesty’s Navy shall immediately upon Receipt thereof fend the said previous Commiftiorf or Requi-

fition, or other legal instruments, executed by the Person applying for the Probate as aforesaid, to the

aforesaid Proctor in Doctors Commons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith lue out and procure such

Probate.

Treasurer of the Navy to fend ihe previous Commission, when executed, to the Proltor t

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons alledging him, her,

or tfiemselves to be Creditor or Creditors of any. Petty Officer,* Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Ma-

rines, or Marine, dying intestate, or leaving a Will, of which the Executor or Executors shall renounce the

Execution, or shall refuse to act thereupon, ftvall in that Character be desirous of procuring Letters of Ad-

ministration, or Letters of Adrninistration with Will annexed, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize

Money, or other Allowances or Money of any Kind, due to such Petty Officers or Seamen, Non-commis-

fioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, in respect of Services in his Majesty’s Navy, the fame shall not be

paid unto any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, but upon Letters of Adrninistration, or Letters of Ad-

ministration with Will annexed, to be obtained in the following Manner, (videlicet:) Such Creditor or Cre-

ditors shall apply by Letter or Note to the Inspeblor of Seamen’s Wilis, stating the Nature and Amount of

his Demand; and if the Person upon whose Account the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or other Allowances

are due, shall have died after he left the Naval Service, such Creditor shall also exhibit a satisfactory Proof of

such Death; and if he knows any Proctor in Dorters Commons, whom he may wilh to employ, he shall men-

tien his Name to the said Inspector, who shall further require a Certificate, signed by two reputable House-

keepers of the PariQi where such Creditor is resident, certifying that they personally know him, and believe

that he is the Person whom he deferibes himself to be, and also another Certificate from the Minister of the

said Parish, and two of the Churchwardens, or two of the Elders of the fame, as the Cafe may be, certifying

that such two Persons who signed and certified as above-mentioned, are resident within the Parish, and of

good Repute; and upon receiving such Certificates, together with a stated Account in Writing of such Cre-

ditor’s Demand, he shall sign his Name to such Account exhibited by such Creditor, and shall also put a

Sump thereon, in Token of his Approbation thereof; and every such Account, and the Vouchers exhibited

by such Creditor, shall be kept by the said Inspector as V ouchers of the Accounts of the Treasurer of the

6 . Navy,

2II

Form of the

Letter*

Prrffcor, on re-

ceiving the Will

and Letter, to

sue out a pre-

vious Con milf-

(ion and to

transmit the

fame with the

Letter to the Minister.

Minifter®; on re-^

ceiving such

Com million?, to

procure the Exe*

cution of them,

and transmit

them to the Pay

Office.

Persons living at

a Distance from

PI cee where

Wages are paid,

to def ribe the

nearest Receiver

General of the

Land Tax; and

> obtain Probates.

Creditor desirous

of administering

to Petty Officers, ‘

Seamen, &c.

mud apply to

the lnlpcdtor of

Seamen's Wills,

and state the

Amount of hit

Demand; dec.

Inspector to sign

the Account,

and make out a

Certifies e of the

Demand, and

