6co

No Officer or

Seaman to be

torned over or

4ifcbarg:d.

Cr mmissioners

of Lieutenancy

may call our,

*rrr», See. the

MiUtia, and ap.

point Officers.

Officers to have

the fame Rank

as the Rift of

the Militia.

Commiflinns not

vacated by the

Relocation, Arc.

«I the ComrriU

fion ondar which

granted.

Office’s to pof-

fefc the l»f: c

Q^dfiSc*;:- ns

as required by

ao Geo. 111.

OdD. 157, for

i'ommithons in

Mil tia for Citicf

which arc Ci un-

ties of them*

felve», Sec,

Eftab iihtrent

the Mili ia,

Times of hclJ-

iag Courts of

Lteuie..ancy.

Men to bechofen

by Ballot.

Persons liable to

be baliotied for.

C. 8o> 81. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman shall be turned over or discharged

upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty’s Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual Distress,

or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health.

44 No Slops, &c, to be supplied beyond One-fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to

44 Officers, &c. behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner. Master to cause a printed Abstract

44 of this Act, LA*. to be hung up in the most public Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of 20/. If mutinous

4< Officers, LA*. be taken into Custody in Africa or the West Indies, a Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged

44 wAh the Governor, id c-; and if the Witnesses do not appear at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty at

44 the Discretion of the Court. Officers, LA*. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards.

44 Wages of Run Men to go to Greenwich Hospital, c5V. Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties

44 sued for. Limitation of Actions. Delivery of Writs on board Vessels to be deemed legal Service.

44 Persons taking falle Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury, &c. This Act to continue in force till

“ August 1, 1795*”

CAP. LXXXL

An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years

of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for or-

dering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the

Ciry of London; and for the better ordering the lame.—[7th July 1794*]

4 \T7’HEREAS the Laws now in force for the Regulation of the Militia of the City of London have been

4 ▼ Y found in foine Rtfpcfts defective: And whereas further Powers are necessary for the better ordering of

the said Militia:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy, that now are and hereafter

shall be constituted and appointed for the City of London, shall have full Power and Authority, and are

hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in

such Manner, as is hereinafter directed, once in every Year; and the said Commissioners shall from Time

to Time constitute and appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and other

Officers, qualified as hereinafter directed, to train, difeipiine, and command the Persons so to be armed and

arrayed according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter mentioned; and the Officers so ap-

pointed shall have the fame Rank in the Army as the Officers of the Rest of the Militia Forces of this

Kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer, granted by his Majesty’s said Com-

missioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, in pursuance of this Act, shall be vacated by reason of

the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of such Commission by which such Commissioners were

appointed.

IN. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed Officers of the said Militia, in

pursuance of this Act, shall possess the like Qualification, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners,

with respect to Property, as those of the fameRank in all Cities and Towns which are Counties within

themselves are directed to poflels, by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Yearcf the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

Militia tn that Part fl/'Great Britain caihd England; and every Commissioned Officer shall take the Oaths,

and make, repear, and subscribe the Declaration by the said Act required to be taken, made, repeated, and

subscribed; and every Commissioned Officer shall be a Freeman of the City of London.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act for

the Militia of the City of London, and Liberties thereof, shall be one thousand two hundred, to be formed

into two Regiment?, confiding each of eight Companies, besides a Grenadier and Light Infantry Company,

of sixty Private Men to a Company: The Field Officers of each Regiment shall be one Colonel, one Lieu-

tenant Colonel, and one Major; and there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each

Company, except to the Grenadier and Light Infantry Companies, to each of which there shall be ap-

pointed two Lieutenants, instead of one Lieutenant and one Enlign.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to hold a General

Court of Lieutenancy for the said City on the fiift ll'cdnesday next after the passing of this Act, and after-

wards, annually, to hold two General Courts of Lieutenancy for the said City, (that is to say,) one Court to

be holden on the third Wednejday in January, and one Court on the third Wednejday in February, in every

Year, for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and that the said (Jommiffiouers

may, from Time to Time, as often as they shall lind it necessary, summon or cause to be summoned other

General Courts for the like Purposes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Private Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be

chosen by Ballot: Provided always, that such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds,

Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners or Oc-

cupiers ot Public Offices and Buildings only, shall be liable to be ballotted for to serve, or Hnd a Manor

Men, but Who are or shall, be rated to the Land Tax in the Ward, Pardh, or Liberty in which they shall

relide, occupy, or carry oa Trade or Business for the Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or

aher

