The TITLES of

South Side of the said River, below, or to the North-east

of Greenfield Gatey in the County of Flinty and an Award

made in consequence thereof.

89. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or

Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester,

with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newenty

in the County of Gloucester.

90. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, water-

ing, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in

the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex, and

Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets

and Places communicating with, or near to, the said

Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and

Annoyances within the same.

91. An Act for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or

Tract of Waste Land, called King's Sedgmoory in the

County of Somerset.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

large open Tract of Land within the Manor of Holy Iflandy

in the County Palatine of Durhaniy and for extinguishing

the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands

within the said Bland.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year’s Land, Common

Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Anwicky in

the County of Lincolrty and for embanking and draining the

said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands ad-

joining thereto, called The Praie Groundsy in or near the

Township of North Kymey in the said County.

94. An Act for making a new Road from Saint George's

GatCy in the City of Canterbury to a Place called Gut-

teridge Bottom; and for repairing and widening the present

Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the

Parish of Barhaniy in the County of Kent.

95. An Act for amending an Act, made in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of his present iMajesty, for mak-

ing and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in

the County of Xanerk, to Muirkirk,/^ the County of Ayr, and

from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr,

towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries; and other

Roads communicating therewith; and for the more effec-

tually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the

Village of Gorbahy and new Bridge of Glasgovj to the Cha-

gel of CambuJIangy in the said County of Lanerky and

ranches thereof*, and for making and repairing the Road

from the said Chapel of Cambujlang till it joins the

High Road leading from Hamilton by Burnbflnk towards

Eaglejhairiy in the County of Rerfrew.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and the

last Section of Parliament, for repairing the Road fresh

Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden

and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and front

Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall, to Great

Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon; and

also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Roady at or near

the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and

through Little Barford, Eynefbury, and Saint Neots, to

the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, and

from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken to

the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge.

97. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of

his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the

County of Cardigan; and for repairing other Roads in the

said County,

98. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the

the STATUTES.

tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amend-

ing the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort/^Stratford upon

Avon, in the County of Warwick.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, of the seventeenth Year of his late Majesty,

and the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing

and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow

Bush Common, in the Partfh of Harlow, in the County

of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chef-

terford, in the said County.

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending

and widening everal Roads y Leading from The Bell, in

Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending,

widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Meth-

wold Warren Hou/Cy to a Place called The Devil's Ditch,

in the said County.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in

the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint

Clearsy and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Coun-

ties of Pembroke and Carmarthen.

10?. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Market Place in Bicefiery in the County of Oxford, to the

Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynhoy in the County of

Northampton.

104. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the eleventh

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall, in the Parish of

Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps’s Corner,

and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road

near the Windmilly in the Parish of Beckley, and from

Staple Cross to Longley’s Water Corn Mill, at Kent

Ditch, and from Cripps’s Corner to the Town of Rye, in

the said County, as relates to the said Roads from Staple

Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and

from Staple Cross to Longley’s Water Corn Mill aforesaid ;

and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so

far as relates to the Rest of the said Reads.

105. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers-of three (e-

veral Acts, passed in thefixthand twelfth Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repair-

ing the Road from Fy field, in the County of Berks, to Saint

John’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and from an

Inn called The Hind’s Head, in the Parish of Kingdom

Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of New-

bridge which Jlands in the said County of Berks.

106. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from the Town of Haverforduejl through

the Town of Fifoguardy to the Town of Nnvporty in the

County of Pembrokey and also from the Town of Fish-

guard to the City of Saint Davidsy in the said County' of

Pembroke.

107. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several

Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Livingjloncy by

the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the

Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaveriy and for

repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of

the County of Ayry at or near Lochgate, to the Town of

Strathaveny and for repairing the several Roads leading

into the City of Glasgow, so far as the fame relate

to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie to-

wards the City of GlasgoWy through the Village of Shettle-

Jlony till it falls into the Great Road from Murrichall-to

the

