16 C. 30, 31. Anno triceflmo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

4 European Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds or precious Stones, may be imported

4 from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Mon-

4 tego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the Bland of ’Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in tjjeYTIand of Grcnada9

4 the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Nassau in the Island of N*w Providence, one

4 of the Bahama Islands, in &ny Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Veiiel whatever, not having more than

4 one Deck, and not exceeding die Burthen of seventy Tons, and being owned and navigated by the Sub-

4 jests of any foreign European Sovereign or State: And whereas it will tend to increase the Commerce car-

4 ried on to and from the before-mentioned Ports, if the Foreign Sloops, Schooners, and Vessels trading

4 thereto be not limited to any Description of Tonnage be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excel-

. lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

poking and e™" present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sloops, Schooners, and

porting the Ar- Vessels, owned and navigated by the Subjects of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, importing and

tides enumerat- exporting the Articles enumerated in the before-mentioned Act, to and from the before-mentioned Ports,

cd in the recited in the lflancI of Jamaica, the Island of Grenada, the Island of Dominica, and the Island of JViw Providence y

ab\of one of the Bahama Islands, under the Regulations therein prescribed, may consist of and measure any Num-

th^haVe her of Tons, provided that every such Vessel have not more than one Deck; any Thing in the said Act to

butoncLck. the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And whereas it is expedient that Goods or Commodities the Growth or Production of any of the

4 Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, and brought into the said Province in Conformity to the

4 Laws of that Province, should be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom, in the same Manner and on

4 the fame Terms and Conditions as such Goods and Commodities are now imported from die said Province

From July 1, c of Quebec-,' be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thouland seven hundred

3790, Goods of an(j njnety5 an Goods and Commodities whatsoever, being the Growtii or Production of any of the Coun-

the Countries tries bordering on the Province of Quebec, and brought by Land or Inland Navigation, into the said Pro-

bordering on vince, conformably to the Regulations established by Law in the said Province for bringing in the fame by

Quebec, import- .Land or Inland Navigation, from any of the Countries bordering thereon, shall and may be imported into

into that any Part of Great Britain from the said Province of Quebec, and the fame respectively shall be admitted to Entry

anc^ charged with Duty, or exempted fromDuty in like Manner as such Goods and Commodities respectively

Cre^Briu^nt0 would be charged with, or exempted from Duty, if the fame were of the Growth or Production of the said Province

from thence. of Quebec, and were imported directly from thence into Great Britain ; provided it shall appear, by Certifi-

cate, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of the Cuitoms, and the Naval Officer

there, that the fame respectively were brought into the Province of Q^tcbfc, conformably to the Regulations

established byLaw in the said Province, by Land or by Inland Navigation,' from the Countries bordering there-

on, and specifying from what Places the lame were respectively brought into the said Province; and chat the

like Rules, Regulations, Redactions, and Conditions, are observed and performed on their being imported

into Great Britain, as are required for the like Goods and Commodities respectively imported into Great

Britain from the said Province of Qttebee, and under and subject to the like Conditions, Penalties, and For-

feitures, and to the like Modes for Recovery and Application thereof.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery*

[/9°>93 io*.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Ail for the better preventing Frauds

and Abnfes in Gold and Silver Wares-, and also so much of another Act, made in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his prefc-nt Majesty, intituled. -

ing to his 'Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Du~

ties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the mark-

ing of Silver Wares.

XX7WEREAS, by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

y V King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better .preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold

Silver Wares, it was amongst other Things enacted, T hat, from and after the twenty-eighth Day of May

one thousand,Jcveii hundred and thirty-nine, no Goldsmith, Silveriinith, or other Person whatsoever,

making or felling, trading or dealing in, Gold or Silver Wares, should fell, exchange, or expole to Sale,

1 within that.Part of Great Britain called England, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of

Gold or Silver whatsoever, made after the said twenty-eighth of May one thousand seven hundred an4

thirty-nine, or export the fame out of this Kingdom, until such Time as such Vessel, Plate, or Manufac-

ture of Gold (being of the Standard of twenty-two Carrafts of fine Gold per Pound Troy) and such

*“ Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver (being of the Standard of eleven Ounces two Penny-weights of

fine Silver per Pound Troy) should be marked as followeth; (that is to say) with the Mark of the

Worker or Maker thereof, which should be the first Letters of his Christian and Surname, and with these

Marks

Preamble*

12 Geo. 2.

Cap. 26*

i

