A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 45*

Quarter Sessions, or for any Rich less Time as such Justice of the Peace shall think proper; provided that such

leis Time shall be at the lead for the Space of (even Days, and that such Justice of the Peace shall certify, in

the Pass by which such Person shall be ordered to be conveyed, that such Person has been actually publickly

whipt, or confined in the House of Correction for at least the Space of seven Days; provided also, that no

Person shall be so whipt or imprisoned, and conveyed by a Pass as a Rogue or Vagabond, who shall not

have committed an ACt of Vagrancy within the true Intent and Meaning of the said ACt, and who shall not

have been convicted thereof.

II. AndHae it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice of the Peace shall order any Re-

ward to be paid.to any Constable or other Person for apprehending any Rogue or Vagabond, until such

Rogue cr Vagabond shall have been punished as hereby directed, and until the Examination required by the

aforesaid ACt be actually transmitted to the next General or Quarter Sessions, there to be filed and kept on

Record.

III. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Female shall be guilty of

any Offence, for which she shall be convicted as a Rogue and Vagabond, or incorrigible Rogue, before any

Justice of the Peace, or the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, in no Cafe whatever such Justice, or

Court of General or Quarter Sessions, shall infliCt the Punishment of Whipping upon such Female Rogue

and Vagabond, or incorrigible Rogue; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any of his Majesty’s Judges at the Assizes,

and the Justices at the General or Quarter Sessions, or any Justice of the Peace, is and are hereby empowered

to order, whenever he or they shall think proper, any Convict, upon his Discharge from Prison, to be conveyed

by Pass under Hand and Seal, in Manner and Form directed by the aforesaid ACt, and according to the Pro-

vlfions therein contained; and the Judge, Justices, or Justice aforesaid, is or are alfoempowed to convey by

Pass any Person who shall be acquitted at the Assizes, or General or Quarter Sessions, or discharged by Pro-

clamation or otherwise, who shall of himself or herself, or by any other Person in his or her Behalf, apply to

the Court whereat he or she has been acquitted or discharged, or to any Justice of the Peace, to be conveyed

as aforesaid; and the Judge, Justices, or Justice aforesaid, shall certify in such Pass that the Person so con-

veyed was discharged from Prison, or a Person acquitted, or otherwise discharged, at the Assizes or Sessions,

as the Cafe may be; and such ConviCt, or Person acquitted or discharged, shall pay no Fee whatever for

such Pass.

V. And whereas the present Mode of conveying Vagrants in the Custody of a Constable is frequently

4 inefficient, from the Misconduct and Negligence of Constables be it therefore enabled by the Authority

aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace, at the General or Quarter Sessions held for any County, Riding,

City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be empowered to

make an Order that all Rogues and Vagabonds apprehended in their respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Bo-

roughs, Towns Corporate, Divisions or Liberties, and who are ordered to be conveyed by. Pass, shall be con-

veyed by the Master of the House of Correction or his Servants, or by a Constable, as such Justices at the

General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall think proper; and such Justices shall also be

empowered to make an Order, if they think proper, that all Constabies to whom Rogues or Vagabonds,

brought from another County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, are deli-

vered, shall forthwith convey such Rogues and Vagabonds to the nearest House of Correction in.their County,.

Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, to be afterwards forwarded by the Master of

the House of Correction, or his Servants, as aforesaid, and according to the Provisions of the said recited

a a.

VI. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of any County,

Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, shall and may, at the General or Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, from Time to Time, limit, appoint, and direct. what Rates and Allowances per Mile, or.

other wise, shall be made for the passing, conveying, or maintaining of Rogues, Vagabonds, or incorrigible.

Rogues, to be passed or conveyed as aforesaid, and may likewise make such other. Orders, Rules, and Direc-

tiens for the more regular proceeding or aCting therein, within their respective Limits and JurisdictionS', as-

they in their Discretion shall think proper; which Rates, Allowances, Orders, Rules, and Directions, shall

from Time to Time be observed and Submitted to by all Justices of the Peace, Constables, Officers, and,

other Persons within the said Limits and Jurisdictions respectively.

VII. And whereas Soldiers travelling from one Place to another,.having.a Certificate from their Officers,.

4 or the Secretary at War, are permitted to beg, and that Mariners or Seafaring Men discharged are licensed

c to beg, by some Testimonial or Writing under the Hand and Seal of a Justice of the Peace: And whereas-

4 such Permission to beg is highly improper;’ be it therefore enaCted by the Authority aforesaid,'!'hat every

Soldier and Mariner wandering abroad and begging, shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the

Meaning of the said ACt.

VIII. And whereas several Persons, by their wilful Default and Neglect, permit their Wives and.

4 Children to become chargeable to their respective Parishes or Townships be it therefore enaCted, That if

it> shall be made appear to any two Justices of the Peace, that any. poor Person shall not use proper Means to

get Employment, or, if he is able to work, by his Neglect of Work, or by lpending. his Money in AlehouseS:

or Places of bad Repute, or in any other improper Manner, shall not apply a proper Proportion of the Money

earned by him towards the Maintenance of his Wife and Family, by which wilful Default or Neglect they,

or any of them, shall become chargeable to their Parish or Township, he shall be considered as an idle and

disorderly Person, and be subject to such Punishment, and in such Manner,.as is directed for idle and difor-

tferly Persons by the aforesaid ACEs

23^5

to she redted

AO-, to be pub*

hckly whipt, or

confined in a

House of Cor-

rection, ore.

No Reward to be

paid for appre-

hending Rogues

or Vagabonds,

until they shall

have been pu-

ni/hed, &c,

/No Female Va-

gabond to be

whipt.

Convlds dif-

charged from

Prison, and Per-

fons acquitted

at A fiizes, See,

may be conveys

by Pafles, &c*.

Justices may or*-

der Vagrants to-

be conveyed by

Matters of

Houses of Cor-

rection, &c«.

Justices at Sef-

lions to direct

what Rates /hall

be allowed for

patTing, &c.

Rogues, &c.

Soldiers and Ma---

rinera, wander-

ing and begging,

to be deemed

Vagabonds,

Persons neglect-

ing to provide for'

their Families,

to be deemed

idle and difor»-

derly.

