<jOo C. 20. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

rCf pany cr otherwise, a Custom Duty of Four-pence 5 and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of alt such

Papers (except as aforesaid) which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of one Penny:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper, fit and proper for the Ufeor Purpose or wrapping

up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing,

diawin^, and printing, or either of them, which shall he imported into Great Britain, whether by the East

hula Company or otherwise, a Custom Duty of Two-pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois

of such Brown Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of one Halfpenny:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Paper, not hereinbefore enumerated or

dclciibed, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, a

Custom Duty of Ten-pence; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such non-enumerated Paper,

(other than and except Papers commonly called or known by the Names of Sweating Paper and Button

Paper, or Button Board,) which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Two-pence Halfpenny:

Britain, td.

lb.

ForPrownPap'r

irnprrred id. and

lor such made in

Great Britain

aq. fer lb.

For e»cry other

i>ort of Paper

impoited iod.

and for eterjr

ot her Sort made

in Grtit Uritiin,

eicept Shcating and Button, xd. 13. per it>.

For P.fte, Mill,

*nd Sc^leboa'd

imported xcs.

and for such

made in Grc-it

Britain lOf. 6d.

per Ca t.

For Glazed Pa-

) cr in poitfd

jx*. ar.dfor such

ir.ade in Great

F-i»a r» Su pee

Cwt-

For "Paper for

Hanging? im-

ported 6d. per lb.

And fnr Books

imported ll. 3%

4d. per Cwt.

Duties to be paid

by the Importers

or Makers.

Duties to be an*

der the Manage-

ment of t he

Commissionen

of Cudoms xnd

Fxcise re-

fpcnirely.

“The different

Classes of Paper.

Makers of Pa-

per* P aft t board.

For every one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, which shall be imported j,nt®

Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, a Custom Duty of twenty Shillings; and

for every one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, which shall be made in Great

Britain, an Excise Duty o( ten Shillings and Six-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quan-

tity of the fame respectively ;

For every one hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Prcflers, which shall be imported

into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, a Custom Duty of twelve Shillings;

and for every one hundred Weight of Glazed Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty

of six Shillings, and (b in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of printed, painted, or stained Paper, for Hangings, which shall

be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, over and above all other

Duties of Customs imposed thereon, an additional Custom Duty of Six-pence, and so in Proportion for any

greater or lesser Quantity:

And for every hundred Weight of Books, whether bound or unbound, which shall be imported into

Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise, over and above all other Duties of Cuf-

toms imposed thereon, an additional Custom Duty of one Pound three Shillings and Four-pence, and (bin

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

Which said several Custom Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper re-

speflively imported into Great Britain, shall be paid by the Importers thereof respectively; and the said fe-

veral Duties of Excise upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great

Britain, shall be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties of Customs by

this Act imposed as (hallarife or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the

Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall

arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the

Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and that such of the Excise Duties by this

Ad imposed, as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the

Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise

or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Com-

missioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper fit or proper, or that maybe

used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and also all

Elephant Papers, and all Cartridge Papers, which shall be made in Great Britain, shall be denominated,

deemed, and taken to be Papers of the First Class within the Meaning of this Act; that all coloured Papers

and all Whited Brown Papers, (not being Elephant or Cartridge Papers,) which shall be made in Great

Britain, f\t and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or capable of

being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, shall

be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Second Class within the Meaning of this Act; that

all Brown Paper which (nail be made in Great Britain, fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping

up Goods, and nqt fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing,

drawing, and printing, or either of them, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Third

Class within the Meaning of this Act; that every Sorter Kind cf Paper, not enumerated or described in

any of the three Classes hereinbefore mentioned, (other than and except Papers commonly called and knowri

by the Names of Sheating Paper, and Button Paper, or Button Board,) which shall be made in Great

Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to he Paper of the Fourth Class within the Meaning of

this Act; and that all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, for Clothiers and Hot

Preflers, made in Great Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be of the Fifth Class within

the Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Paper,

Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, before he, she, or they shall make any Paper, Paste-

board.

