179

A.D. 179*. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georg 11 III. C. 80—84.

c a p. LXXX.

An Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting,

and watching the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and Publiclc Passages and Places, within the Lid

City* and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

/

CAP. LXXXL

<An Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris

and Dodington, and Hamlet of Witnblinglon, in the said Parish of Dodington, in thelfle of Ely and County

of Cambridge, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the said

Hamlet of JVimblington.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to continue two Acts, made in the fifteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterlings

upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which {hall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within

the Town of Kirkaldy and Liberties thereof.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preferring the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the

Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

c H E RE A S by an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Preamble.

4 V Y Eighth, intituled, An Atl concerning the Bridge fl/'Stanes, the Chancellor of England for the Time being, 1 Hen. 3. c.

4 or the Keeper of the King’s Great Seal, and their Successors, were authorised and empowered to depute

4 and assign two, three, or four Persons of the Town and Parish of Stanes, to take and receive Toll and Cuf-

4 tom as before that Time had been used to be paid, as well for Carts and Horses laden with Merchandise and

4 other Stuff carried over and upon the fame Bridge ; as of Barges coming underneath the fame Bridge ; and

4 to employ the said Tolls for repairing and making the said Bridge, and also the causeway extending

4 from the said Town of Stanes to the Town of Egham in the County of Surrey, and to render a yearly

* Account thereof to the said Chancellor or Keeper for the Time being, or before such Persons as either

4 of them {hould depute and assign : And whereas by another Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

4 of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Atl for the better Maintenance and well-keeping of Stanes Bridge and 39 Ella.

* Egham causeway, being the Highway from London unto the West Parts of England, it was enacted,

4 That the Chancellor of England for the Time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and their Suc-

4 ceflors, {hould have the Deputation and Assignemnt of four Men, whereof two to be of the T own and Parish

4 of Stanes aforesaid, and the other two to be of the Town and Parish of Egham aforesaid ; and the Lid four

4 to take and receive by themselves, or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, the Toll and Custom as before

4 that Time ought or had been used to be paid, and to employ the fame upon the Reparation and Making of

4 the said Bridge and causeway, and thereof yearly to yield Account to the said Chancellor or Keeper of the

4 Great Seal for the Time being, or before such Persons as he {hould depute and assign, between the Feasts of

4 Saint Michael the Archangel and All-Saints ; and if by Default of the four Persons aforesaid, or any of

4 them, in not gathering or not well-employing the said Toll, the said Bridgeand causeway, or eitherof them,

* {hould not be sufficiently kept and maintained, the Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal had Power

4 to inflict a Penalty upon them, or any of them in whom such Default should be found as aforesaid, not

4 exceeding ten Pounds, the fame to be levied by Distress by such Person or Persons as should be nominated by

i the said Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal, and to be employed for maintaining the said Bridge and

4 causeway: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 George the Second, intituled, An Atl for the more effectual Maintenance and well-keeping of Stanes Bridge mgco 2 c 2?

4 and Egham causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, it is enacted, That • * • 5*

4 certain Persons, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner therein mentioned, should, under the Con-

4 troul of, and subject to such Orders for the due Execution of the said Act as the Lord High Chancellor of

4 Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time being, should from

4 Time to Time think fit to make, and which they were thereby authorised to make, have Power and Au-

4 thority to take upon themselves the full and absolute Care, Management, and Direction of the Repairs, Sup-

4 port, and Maintenance of the Bridge of Stanes and Egham causeway, as Commissioners for that Purpose :

4 And whereas the said Bridge is narrow and incommodious, and so greatly decayed, that in the Opinion of

4 able and experienced Workmen, it ought to be taken down, and a new Bridge built near the present Bridge;

A a 2 4 but -

