. 270

C. 67.

ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georg 11 III.

N°

'UU'E certify that B. D. of

in the County of

Navy Office, the

A.D. 1792.

Day of

f Wife, Father, Another,! f Inferior Officer or. Seaman, 1

Grandfather, Grandmo- V of E. D• 4 Non-commissioned Officer of

ether. Brother, or Sifter, J L Marines, or Alarine, — )

belonging to his Majesty’s Ship is intitled to the

Suin of Sterling, being on

Account of the Wages of the said E. D. who has desired that the fame may

be paid by the

c If the fame shall not be demanded in nine Calendar Months, this Certi-

4 ficate to be returned to the Trealhrcr of the Navy, London. 1

c To the Commissioners of

4 the Revenue in

4 Ireland. ..

d.

c o. p. 7

4 Signed < J9. 7?. > Commissioners of the Navy.

I S. T.

4 By virtue of the Act of the

4 George the Third.

4 N. B. The personating or falftly assuming the Name and Character of the Wife or Relation of

4 any Inferior Officer, Seaman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or pro-

4 curing any other to do the fame, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer, Seaman, Non-

4 commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by

4 an A£X palfed in Ireland, thirty George the Third. ' .

€ THE Officer to whom the w ithin Bill is addressed is direeled by Act passed in Ireland, thirty

c George the Third, Cap. to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth,

* by the Oath of the Person presenting the fame ; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon

* the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward; but if he shall not.be able to pay the

* Amount, from not having Publick Money fnflicient in his Hands, he shall nbte the Cause of his refilling

* Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at furthest from that Time, and shall deliver

4 back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners* it shall

* appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecefiarily delayed Pajment, taken any Fee, or made

€ any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds/

Ohe of the Cer-

tificates to be

franfmitted to

the Person no-

fninatfd in th<^

Lift, and the

O’her to the

Commissioners

of the Revenue

In Ireland.

For Wages when

payable, Inferior

Officers, See de

firous of remit*

ting them to

Ireland, may re*

ceive Certificates

addressed to the

Commissioners

of the Revenue,

and made oot io

the following

Form i

\

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the aforesaid Certificates shall be so

made out and signed, the said Commissioners of the Navy shall cause the fame to be cut asunder, indentwife,

through the oblique Lines, Flouriihes, or Devices, and shall cause one of the said Certificates to be trans-

mitted forthwith to die Person nominated and specified in such Lifts as.the Wife, Father or Mother,'

Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother or Sister, of such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer

of Marines, or Marine, and the other of the said Certificates to be transmitted forthwith to the said Coimtiif-

sioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Wages or Pay

due to any Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be paid at the

Pay Office of the Navy, or at any of the Out-ports, if any such Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer

of Marines, or Marine, shall be desirous to remit the Amount, or any Part of such Wages or Pay, to their

Wives, Children, or Parents, in Ireland, or to such other Person in Ireland as they shall judge proper, and

shall desire to receive a Certificate to entitle them to receive the same, to be addressed to the Commissioners

of the Revenue in Ireland, then and in such Cafe, two Certificates, being Duplicates of each other, and

joined together with oblique Lines, Flourifhes, or Devices, shall be immediately made out, numbered,

and dated by the Clerk of the Treasurer of the N^vy appointed to pay such Wages or Pay, and be

signed, if made out at the Pay Office of the Navy in London, by the Commissioner of the Navy comp-

trolling the Payment when such Certificates shall be so made out, or if made out at any of the Out-ports,

by the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling such Payment there, and be attested at the Foot thereof

by the first Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at such Pay Office or Out-port, and such Certificates

shall specify and describe the Name and Place of Abode of such Person or Persons in whose Favour they

shall have been made out as aforesaid, and shall certify that such Person or Persons is or are intitled to

receive the whole Amount, or so much of the Wages or Pay of such Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-

commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, as shall be therein also specified, and shall be addressed to

14 the

