5io

C. 20. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794*

Prcfs in the said Universities of Oxford and Cambridge respectively shall make Oath before the Vice-Chan-

cellors of the said Universities respectively, (which Oaths they the said Vice-Chancellors respectively are

hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made use

of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of the Bible, Testament, Psalm Book, Book of Com-

mon Prayer, Confession of Faith, or larger or (hotter Catechism, as the Cafe may be, and that such Chief

Manager of the Press believes the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper used in the

printing of the Impreilion or Edition mentioned in such Certificate has been fully paid, and that no Draw-

back or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper, or any Part thereof;

and the King’s Printers in England and Scotland respectively shall make Oath before the Commissioners of

Excise, or any two or more of them, in England and Scotland Tefpeftiyely, (whidh Oath they the said re-

spective Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) of the Quantity and Weight

of the Paper actually made use of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of the Bible, Testa-

ment, Psalm Book, Book of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or larger or (hotter Catechism, as the

Cafe may require, and that such King’s Printer believes the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of

such Paper used in the printing of such Impression or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or

Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper, or any Part thereof, and that the

Whole of the said Impression or Edition of such Bible, Testament, Psalm Book, Book of Common Prayer,

Confession of Faith, or larger or shorter Catechism, has been printed by him or them at his or their usual

and ordinary Printing-House, on his or their own Account, under and by virtue of the exclusive Patent,

Authority, or Privilege belonging to him or them as such King’s Printer, and for his or their foie and entire

Benefit, Profit, Emolument, and Advantage.

Pasteboard made XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That Pasteboard made in Great Britain, wholly of

in Great Britain paper which shall have paid the Duties charged and chargeable by this Act, shall not be charged with any

fllail have paid further or other Duties by virtue of this Act, upon the passing or annexing together the Sheets of such Paper,

the Duty not li- and its receiving thereby the Denomination of Pasteboard or Pasted Paper*

able to further Charge.

Per'ons tak:ng a

false Oath to be

liable to the Pe-

nalty forPe»jury.

Foreign Paper

imported in less

Quantity than a

Ream, forfeited.

Officers of the

Customs at the

Port of Import-

ation to stamp

Foreign Paper,

and the

Commissioners

to provide

Stamps &c,

Penalty for de-

facing, See. such

Stamps, See,

This A6\ not to

alter 31 Geo.

111. Cap. 54.

Penalty for

counterfeiting

Stamps, See*

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be

convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the Cafes in which an Oath is required to be taken,

by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force, immediately before the passing of this

Act, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance by this Act granted, shall be liable to the Pains and

Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLIV. c And whereas it is expedient thatP'oreign Paper should not be allowed to be imported in any less

c Quantity than a Ream be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat if any Foreign Paper,

from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be imported or

brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, in any less Quantity than a Ream, each such Ream contain-

ing twenty Quires, and each Q^Jire thereof twenty-four Sheets, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XLV. ‘ And, in order to secure the due Payment of the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation

* of Foreign Paper;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers of the

Customs at the Port or Place where any Foreign Paper shall be imported, shall caule such Paper, whether

in a Ream or exceeding a Ream, to be marked, stamped, or ftaled in such Manner as the Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more of them in England, or the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the l ime being, shall think fit to direct; and the

said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby autho-

rized and required to proper Stamps, Marks, or Seals, for marking, (tamping, or sealing all Foreign

Paper imported, to denote the charging the Duties thereon, and the fame to cause to be distributed to the

proper Officers of the Customs, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, which Officers are hereby enjoined

and required to mark, stamp, or seal the lame, in such Manner as the said Commissioners respectively shall

from Time to Time think fit to direct, which Stamps, Marks, or Seals, to be provided in pursuance of

this Act, may be altered or renewed, from Time to Time, as the said respective Commissioners shall from

Time to Time think fit to direct.

XLV I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever

{hall, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wil-

fully fufter to be cutout, obliterated, or defaced, the Stamp, Mark, or Seal put by any such Officer or

Officers of the Customs upon such Foreign Paper, to denote the proper charging of the Duty on such

Paper, every such Perfoivor Persons shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Ream or other Parcel

of Paper on which the Stamp, Mark, or Seal, put by any such Officer or Officers, shall be so wilfully cut

out, obliterated, or defaced.

XLV II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to alter or vary or in anywise affieft any of the Provisions contained in an Act

pasted in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually

J'ecuring the Duties upon Foreign printed^ painted, or Jtained Paper imported into Great Britain.

XL VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited, any Stamp, Mark, or Seal, provided by the said Commissioners

of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge,

or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp, Mark, or Seal, upon any Paper, or shall have in

his,

