A.D. 1790

Anno tricesimo Georgii III

c- 35.3®

31

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parl.a-

ment for that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Preamble.

Jin Att to remove certain Difficulties relative to footers at County Elections, whereby it is, among 20 Geo. 3. Cap.

other Things, enacted, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and 17 and

eighty-one, no Person shall vote for elefling of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, in respect of

any Mefi'uages, Lands, or Tenements, which have not, for six Calendar Months next before such

Election, been charged or assessed towards some Aid granted, or to be granted, to his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, by a Land Tax, (in case any such Aid be then granted and affdlable), in the Name of

the Person or Persons who shall claim to vote at such Election for or in respect of any such Messuages, Lands,

or Tenements, or in the Name of his or their Tenant or Tenants, actually occupying the fame as Te-

nant or Tenants of the Owner or Landlord thereof: And whereas the Form of Ailellment prescribed by

the Paid Act, and thereunto annexed, denotes that the Names, both of the Proprietor and of the Occupier,

ought to be specified; and Doubts have arisen, whether, if such Form be not strictly pursued, the Suf-

frage of the Person claiming to vote be admissible: And whereas an Act was passed in the twenty-second

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in 21 Geo. 3.

the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, c. 31. recited,

whereby it is enacted, that such Freeholders only shall be intitled to vote in the Election of Members to

serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, as shall be duly qualified to vote at Elections for

Knights of the Shire for the County of Wilts, according to the Laws in force for regulating County

Elections at the Time of parting the fame Act:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent iVla-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Acts contained, Nothing In re.

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person from voting at any Election of a Knight or cUc<J

Knights of a Shire to serve in Parliament within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Princi- foo7romDvothig

pality of Wales, or at any Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of for Knights of S

Cricklade, in the County of Wiltsy for or in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which have the Shire, or

been charged or assessed for six Calendar Months, next before such Election, towards some Aid granted or for. Bur&efl=s frr

to be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax, in the Name of the Person claiming Lands^&c

to vote, or for or in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, to which the Person so claiming to which have been

vote shall have become entitled, by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, Promotion to any assefT-d for fix

Benefice in a Church, or Promotion to any Office, within twelve Calendar Months next before such Months to the

Election, and which Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, shall have been within two Years next before Lhantrrax>

such Election, charged or assessed to the Land Tax, in the Name of the Person or Persons by or through such Perfofl°&c

whom such Person so claiming to vote shall derive his Title to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or C ° *

of some Predecessor of such Person so claiming to vote, although the Name of the Tenant or Tenants ac-

tually occupying such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, shall not be inserted in such Assessment, according

to the Form of Assessment to the said first-recited Afl annexed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said Acts contained shall ex- nor to prevent

tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person from voting at any such Election of a Knight or any Person from

Knights of any Shire, or of a Burgess or Burgesses for the said Borough of Cricklade, for or in respect of any

Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which have been charged or assessed, for six Calendar Months next be- foj Lands &c!

fore such Election, towards some Aid granted, or to be granted, to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, f assessed in

by a Land Tax, in the Name of a Tenant or Tenants actually occupying the fame at the 'Time of such the Nameof the

Assessment being made, although the Name of the Person so claiming to vote, or the Person or Persons by Tenanl »&ually

or through whom such Person so claiming to vote derives his Title, or of the Predecessor of the Person so ^u{f>y,ng

claiming to vote, shall not be inserted in the Assessment, according to the Form of the Assess'ment to the

said first recited Act annexed.

An A<fl to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried

on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and for regulating the Conduct of

the Drivers and Guards thereof.

4 TT WHEREAS an Afl was passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- Preamble.

tituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of S.age Coaches, »8 Geo. 3. Capv

4 or other Carriages: And whereas the Regulations and Penalties thereby established and inflicted have 57* recited.

11 4 proved

CAP. XXXVI.

