C. 68—79. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Prejlo-lee Bridge, in the

Township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one Branch, to or near the Town of Bolton, and by

another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Wedel Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the

County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or

through Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places

within the 1 ownship of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for

removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and Cdunty of

the T own of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of

the said Parish.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the

County of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXIIL

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron Walden, in the County of Effex

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for building a new Church in the Town of Wakefield, in the Weft Riding of the County of York,

and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and making Provision for a Minister to officiate in the said

Church.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury,

and County of Salop; and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground\ and making convenient Avenues

and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery; and for raising a further Sum of Money for fully effedting

the general Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

CAP. LXXVL

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Oufc, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in

the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels,

in the said County.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak with

the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain Place called Turnwater

Meadow, in the Lordship of Cojfington, to Mill Cloje Homejlead, in the Parish of Meltan Mowbray, all in

the County of Leicester.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere,

Middle, Bafchurchy and Hordley, and to the Chapelry or District ot Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Ease)

in the County of Salop.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley,

in the County of Worcester* and for better supplying the said Town with Water, 4

4 CAP.

