z6o C.57, 58. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

as the Cafe may be] of the said F. M. living with and being Part of the Family of the said F. M. at the Time

of his Death, do hereby order and dire£I, that A. P. the Apprentice within named, who was in the Service

and actual Employment of the said F. M. at the Time of his Death, shall serve the said A. M. as such Ap-

prentice, for theResidue of the Term of such Apprenticeship within mentioned, according to the Provisions

of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Atl for the

further Regulation of Parish Apprentices. Witness our Hands, this Day of

I, the above-named A. M. do hereby declare, That the above Order is made at my Reaueft,

and that I do accept the said A. P. as my Apprentice, according to the Terms and Cove-

nants contained in the said Indenture, and according to the Provisions of the said Act.

Witness my Hand, the Day and Year above written.

c.

FORM of the like Order, by a separate Injlrumcni.

County of \ Yy HEREAS it appears unto us, two of his Majesty’s Justices oT the Peace for the said

\ County, That A. P. [the Apprentice] was bound an Apprentice, by the Churchwardens

and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of , to F* M. \t1>e Master] late of the said

Parish, , and that the said F. M. died on Day of , being

within three Calendar Months now lad pad : Now we, the said two Justices, on the Application and at the

Requed, &c. [then, to the End, as before, mutatis mutandis.]

D.

FORM of the Alignment of such a Parish Apprentice, the Consent cf two jfit/iices, by Indorsement on

the Indenture or

County of ) PE it remembered, that the within-named F. [ ] by and with the Consent

J and Approbation of I.P. and K. P. two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

said County, whose Names are subscribed to the Consent hereunder written, doth hereby assign A. P. the

Apprentice within named, unto N. M. [the new Maflej to serve him during the Residue of the Term

within mentioned; and that he the said N. M. doth hereby agree to accept and take the said A. as an Ap-

prentice for the Rofifjuc of the said Term, and doth hereby acknowledge himftlf, his Executors and Adini-

nistrators, to be bound by the Agreements and Covenants within mentioned on the Part of the said F. M. to

be done and performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and pursuant to the Provisions of

an Act pafl'cd in thPthirty-second Year of the Reign of King the Third, intituled, An for the

further Regulation of Parish Apprentices. In Witness whereof we, the said F. M. and N. M. have here-

unto let our Hands, this Day ot

We, two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace above-mentioned, do consent thereto.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

7. P.

P.

E.

FORM of the like AJJignment, ly a separ ate Injlrvment.

County of ? y, PI E R E A S it appears unto us, I. P. and A’. P. two of his Majesty’s Justices of the

J Peace for the said County, whose Names are subscribed to the Consent hereunder written,

that A. P. was bound an Apprentice by the Churchwardens and Ovcifeers of the Poor of the Parish of

, to F• M. of the same Parish, by Indenture bearing Date on or

about the Day of until the said A. P. should attain his Age of twenty-

one Years : Now be it remembered, that the said F. M* by and with the Consent, b\\ [and so, to the

End, as before, mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of

Quo Warranto.

Preamble. a \\7 HEREAS it would greatly tend to secure the Freedom of Election, and the Quiet, Tranquil-

4 VV lity, and good Order of Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate, if a certain reasonable Lmii-

4 tation of Time should be by Law established, beyond which no Member or Onicer of any City, Bo-

4 rough, or 'Town Corporate, should be disturhed in the Enjoyment or Exercise of his Office or Franchise

4 which he should have held and enjoyed for such Time:* Be it en/i£icd by the King's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this

v^oogie

