94

From Nov. i$,

1791, *h< never

Middling British

Wheat, Sec shall

be under the

Prices specified

inTable A, the

Bounties therein

specified to be

paid on Export-

ation thereof.

Oath to be made,

that Biscuit for

Exportation is

made of British

Wheat} and no

Bounty to be

allowed for less

Quantities than

herein specified.

Bond to be given

for the due Ex-

portation of

Corn,

C. 30. Anno tricesimo primoGEORGII I'll. A.D. i79r.

III. And, for the Encouragement of Tillage within the Realm, be it further enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That, from and after the fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one*

whenever the Prices of Middling British) Wheat, Rye, Barley, Bigg, Beer, or Oats, shall respecVively ap-

pear, according to the Methods directed by this Act for ascertaining the Prices of Corn, to be under the

Prices specified in the following Table, marked A, there shall be allowed and paid on Wheat, Rye, Barley,

Beer, Bigg, or Oats, ground or unground, being of the Growth or Product of this Kingdom, and on

Malt made of such Barley, Beer, or Bigg, and on Biscuit made of such Wheat, as specified in the said

Table, on the Exportation of every such Article, in British-bu\h Ships, owned and navigated according to

Law, the Bounties subjoined in the said Tabic to each Article reflectively.

Table A.

SHEWING the Prices under which certain Bounties are allowed on the Exportation of

the several Sorts of ground or unground Corn.

Wheat. Rye. Barley, Beer, or Bigg. . Oats,

Under per Quarter — s. 4+ 5. 28 S. 22 S. *4

Bounties, in such Cafes, payable on the following Articles exported.

On Wheat 5 s. per Quarter. On Rye 3j. per Quar- ter. On Barley, Beer, or Bigg, and on Adalt made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, 20. 6./, per Quarter. On Oats 2 s. per Quarter.

Wheat-meal is. 3c/. per Hun- dred Weight. Wheat-flour, and Biscuit made oi Wheat, is. 6d per Hundred Weight. Rye-meal and Flour, 97. per Hundred Weight. Barley-meal, and Beer- meal, and Bigg-meal, 10 7. per Hundred Weight. Oatmeal \zd. per Hundred W eight.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Entry of Biscuit for Exportation, in order

to obtain the Bounty, the Exporter thereof shall make Oath (or, if one of the People called iiakers, Af-

firmation) that the fame is made of British Wheat, and is really and truly intended to he exported as

Merchandize, and not for the Use of the Ship or Vefiel during her then Voyage, or any future Voyage ;

such Oath or Affirmation to be taken before the Collector of the Customs at the Port from whence the Ex-

port is to take place, who is hereby authorised to administer the fame : And that no Bounty shall be paid

or allowed for any Quantity of Biscuit shipped on board of any such Ship or Vefiel, that does not exceed

one hundred Weight for every Mariner or Passenger on board such Ship or Vefiel, nor for less than two

Tons Weight shipped on board of any such Ship or Vefiel, over and above the Ship Stores allowed for

every Mariner or Passenger on board the fame, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned; and that no

Biscuit shall be allowed in the Victualling Bill of any Ship or Vefiel carrying out Biscuit as Merchandize, but

that when the Debenture for Biscuit exported shall be brought into the Searcher’s Office to be certified,

then it shall be lawful for the Searcher to deduct from the Quantity actually shipped, the Quantity ufu-

ally allowed in the respective Voyages, not exceeding, for each Mariner or Passenger, the Proportions before

mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Exporter or Exporters of such Corn or other Articles before

mentioned shall, before the Exportation thereof, become bound to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in

a Bond, together with the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vefiel in which

such Corn or other Articles are intended to be exported, and also with one sufficient Surety (to be approved

by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation) in treble the Value thereof

with Condition that the said Corn or other Articles so exported shall be landed at the respective Ports or

Places for which the fame shall have been entered, or at lbme other Port or Place not within this Kingdom,

and shall not be relanded in any Part of this Kingdom, nor be landed or fold in the Ijh of Man, or in the

Elands

