A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo iecundo Georgii III. C. 37—40. 221

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-sevenih Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain

Goods, IVares, and Merchandize3 in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego

Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island

of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau

in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama I Bands, under certain Regulations

and Restrictions.

4 WJ HERE AS the Law herein-after mentioned has been found useful and beneficial, and ought to be

4 VV made perpetual \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the hnportation and Exportation of certain Goods, IVares, and

Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the If and of

Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the If and of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the If and of Do.

minica, and in the Port of NafTau in the If and of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain

Regulations and ReJlriftions\ which was to continue in force until the first Day of September one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which

was amended by an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, shall be, and the fame is

hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River South Efk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County

of Forfar'y and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Alderfgo.tcy in the City of Londony

to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contrafted in repairing their Parish

Church, and building a new Workhouie.

CAP. XL.

An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glassy

4 WJ HERE AS certain Regulations, not required in other Cafes, are necessary in the making of Flint

4 VV Glassbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That every Maker of Flint Glass, who shall have given any Notice for beginning

to fill or charge any Pot or Pots with Metal or Materials for the making of Flint Glass, in the Manner re-

quired by Law, shall be allowed the Space of three Hours next after the Time and Hour specified in such

Notice, before he, she, or they shall be required to begin to fill or charge such Pot or Pots with such Metal or

Materials, and such beginning to fill or charge such Pot or Pots with such Metal or Materials, within three

Hours next after the Time and Hour specified in such Notice, shall be deemed and taken to be a Beginning

to fill and charge such Pot or Pots, according to and under such Notice, any Thing in any former Act or

Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Flint Glass who shall give

any such Notice for beginning to fill or charge any Pot or Pots for the making of Flint Glass shall, within

fix Hours next after the Time and Hour at which he, she, or they shall begin to fill or charge such Pot or

Pots, put into such Pot or Pots one-fourth Part at the least of the true Weight of the Metal or Preparation,

specified in such Notice as being to be made use of in the making of Flint Glass, on-Pain of forfeiting the Sum

of fifty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Maker or

Makers of Flint Glass to unstop or take down any Stopper from his, her, or their Pot or Pots, containing any

Metal or Preparation for the making of Flint Glass, unless Notice in Writing {hall, by the Space of one

Hour next before he, flic, or they shall so unstop such Pot or Pots, or take down any such Stopper from any

such Pot or Pots, be given to the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then

be, of his, her, or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the particular Time and Hour when and at which

any such Pot or Pots is or arc intended to be unftopped, or any such Stopper or Stoppers is or are intended to

be taken down, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal to give such Notice

as aforesaid. “

IV. Provided:

Preamble.

27 Geo. 3. c, 27*-

which wa9

amended by 30

Geo 3. c. 29.

made perpetual*

Preamble

Makers of Flint

Glass to be al-

lowed Three

Hours after the

Time specified in

the Notice, f of

beginning to fill

Pots with Mate-

rials.

l-4th at least of

the Metal speci-

fied in the No-

tice to be pur

inio Pots within

fix-Hours after

beginning to

charge them, 0:}

Penalty of 50I.

One Hour’s pre-

vious Notice of

unftopping Pots,

to be given to the

Excise Officer,

on Penalty of

