3

88

Limitation of

Suits.

Commencement

of the Parts of

the A<fl, for

■which no par-

ticular Time is

appointed.

29 Geo, III.

Cap. 57. and

31 Geo. III.

Cap. 52. recited.

Recited Act of

■19 Geo. Ill,

further con-

tinued ;

tot so much as

directs ih-t no

Fee fh«*)l be

taken for Pro-

ceedings of Juf-

tices repealed.

Publick Act.

Any Number of

Persons may form

themselves into

a Society, and

raise among

themselves a

Fund for their

mutual Benefit,

and may make

Rules and im-

pose Fmcs, See,

C. 52—54. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 179#.

Person shall be declared the best Bidder on the Monday and Tuesday of each Week in which any Sale of Tea

frail be made, the said Deposits frail be paid at or before three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Satur-

day then next following ; and on all Tea of which any Person shall be declared the best Bidder on the IVednef-

day, Thurs'iay, Friday, and Saturday of each Week in which any Sale of Tea frail be made, the said De-

posits frail be paid on or before three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Tuesday then next following, under

the fame Terms and Conditions, and subject to the fame Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Difabihties,

as are mentioned and contained in the saul fy.& of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That all Suits and Prosecutions for any Thing done under or by virtue

of this Act shall be commenced within the Space of three Years after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen,

or, being done in Great Britain, in the Absence of any Person beyond Sea aggrieved thereby, then within

the Space of three Years next after the Return of such Person to Great Britain.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much and inch Parts of this Act, in respect whereof no par-

ticular Time or Times of Commencement is or are herein named or appointed, frail have Commencement

in Great Britain immediately after this Act shall have received his Majesty’s Royal A (lent, and in the East-

Itidies, and other Parts and Limits aforesaid, from the lirft Day of February one'thou land seven hundred and

ninety- four.

CAP. LIII.

An Adit to continue and amend an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for father regulating the Trade or Business of Pawn-

brokers.—[3d June 1793.]

4 YyH E RE A S an Act was passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 ▼ V tituled, An Af.i for further regulating the Trade or Business 0/Pawnbrokers', which was to be in

4 force for one whole Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Selfton of Parliament: And

4 whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Act of the

4 twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was continued for one whole Year, and from thence

4 to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned

4 Ad should be continued for a further limited Time (except as herein is excepted) ;’ may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Ad passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of PawnbrokersA frail

be, and the fame is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of two

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Selfton of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, T hat so much of the said Act as directs, that no Fee

or Gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received by any Justice of the Peace, or his Clerk, or by any

Person whomsoever, for any Summons or Warrant, or other Proceedings whatsoever, to be granted or

made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of the said Act, shall be, and the fame is hereby

repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as

such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded*

CAP. L1V.

An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.—[21ft June 1793.]

WHEREAS the Protection and Encouragement of Friendly Societies in this Kingdom, for raising,

by voluntary Subscription of the Members thereof, separate Funds for the mutual Relief and Main-

4 tenance of the said Members in Sickness, old Age, and Infirmity, is likely to be attended with very bene-

4 facial Effects, by promoting the Happinds of Individuals, and at the fame Time diminishing the publick

4 Burthens;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may

be lawful to and for any Number of Persons, in Great Britain, to form themselves into, and to establifr one

or more Society or Societies of good Fellowfrip, for the Purpose of raising, from Time to Time, by Sub-

scriptions of the several Members of every such Society, or by voluntary Contributions, a Stock or Fund for the

mutual Relief and Maintenance of all and every the Members thereof, in old Age, Sickness, and Infirmity,

or for the Relief of the Widows and Children of decealed Members; and to and for the several Members of

each such Society, or such Number of them as friall be nominated a Committee for that Purpose, from Time

toTime toaffemble together, and to make, ordain, and constitute such proper and wholesome Rules, Orders, and

Regulations, for the better Government and Guidance of the fame, as to the major Part of such Society^ or

such Committee thereof, so assembled together, shall seem meet, so as such Rules, Orders, and Regulations

frail not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, nor any of the express Provisions or Regulations of this

Act, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon the several Members of any such

Society who frail offend against such Rules, Orders^ or Regulations, as frail be just and necessary for duly

enforcing

v^ooooie

