200

Petty Officers,

tee. emitled to

Payment of af-

fined Tickets,

&c.

Commissioners

of the Navy at

any Port to ex-

amine Tickets,

and transmit

them io the

Navy EozrJ,

who arc to affiign

them for Pay-

ucen:, &c.

Tickets so af-

signed to be re-

turned to the

Port for Pay-

ment.

/gents of Hof-

pitals to make

rut Lists of the

Petty Officers,

See. sent there,

which, when

signed as herein

direflrd, shall be

their Vouchers*

Petty Officers,

Scc. returning to

\ heir Ships from

r?ofp'.Ta!s to

leave ihcir Sick

Tickets with

the Agents, See,

but if they are

discharged as un.

Urv:C'able, or

lent into any

ether Ship, to

ktFp them, &c.

Petty Officer,

tec, fenttoHof-

pitalf, Scc. in

G'eat Britain to

be allowed only

30 Dajs Pay whi

Navy Board to

make out Tick-

ets for Petty Of-

ficers, &c. left

behind on Ser-

vice, when Shlp3

proceed to Sea,

&c.

C. 33. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, upon whose Account the fame shall have been,

made out; who shall be entitled to receive Payment thereon, and to remit what Part thereof he may think

proper, with the fame Powers, Privileges, and Restrictions as if the said Wages were due at the general Pay-

ment of any Ship, provided he shall actually belong, at that Time, to his Majesty’s Service, or shall have been

duly and regularly discharged,therefrom-* and in case any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned

Officer of Marines, or Marine, belonging to his Majesty’s Navy, or who shall have been duly and regularly

discharged therefrom, shall be at any Port in Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy may be and

reside, and be desirous to receive his Wages or Pay at such Port, which shall be due upon any Ticket or

'Pickets, Certificate or Certificates, which may be in his Possession, and made out as herein-before directed,

he shall prefer,t the fame to such Commissioner, who shall examine the fame, and the Person so presenting

them ; and being satisfied that such Tickets or Certificates were made out for and on Account of the said

Person, he shall immediately transmit them to the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board, who shall cause

the Day upon which they shall receive the same to be indorsed thereon, and shall examine, or cause them to be

examined, by the Muster Books, or other Returns for the Time, if received ; and they, or any three of them,

shall assign for Payment that Part of such Ticket or Tickets which shall have been so transmiued to them, or

that Part of the fame which shall have been transmitted to them by any Captain or Commanding Officer in

his Majesty’s Service, if such Part shall have come to their Hands, or either of such Parts ; and the Part so

assigned shall include the Time that such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines,

or Marine, upon whose Account the fame {hall have been so made out, shall have been in any of his Ma-

jesty’s Foreign Hospitals, or Sick Quarters, in case he shall have been in any such Hospital or Sick Quarters,

and of which he shall have produced Certificates as herein-before directed, from the Agent of such Foreign

Hospital or Sick Quarters, and also the Time which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned

Officer of Marines, or Marines, shall have been in any Packet or Trading Ship or Vessel on his Pailage

home, if he shall have so come home, and of which he shall have produced Certificates, as herein-before di-

rected, from the Commander of such Packet, or Trading Ship or Vessel; and the said Commissioners having

so assigned, or otherwise completed such Ticket, they shall immediately return, or cause the fame to be

returned to the Commissioner at such Port wno shall have transmitted the fame to them ; and the said Com-

missioner, upon receiving such 7'icket, shall immediately deliver, or cause the fame to be delivered, to the

Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, upon whose Account it shall

have been made out; and shall dircCt Payment to be made thereon without Delay, and shall allow the said

Powers and Privileges of Remittance as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Petty Officers

or Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, shall be lent lick to any Hospital or Sick

Quarters at Home or Abroad, from any Ship or Vessel in his MajestyV Service, the Agent of such Hospital

or Sick Quarters shall make out or cause to be made out from the iespective Sirk Tickets of such Petty

Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, a List containing their Names,

and the Numbers at which they respectively flood upon the Books of the Ship or Vessel from which they

shall have been sent; and the Officer of such Ship or VefT.l who shall have attended them on Shore shall ex-

amine such Lift, and finding the fame to be just and true, shall date and sign the fame, and deliver it to the

Agent, who shall take the first Opportunity thereafter to procure to the fame the Signature of the Captain or

Commander of such Ship or Vessel, and which Lift shall remain with him, and be to him a suficient

Voucher for having received such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines,

or Marines, into such Hospital or Sick Quarters, in lieu and instead of the Sick Ticket directed to be

made out, lent, and delivered by the aforesaid A£tof the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty*

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commis-

fioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be sent sick to any Hospital or Sick Quarters at Hsrne or

Abroad, and shall afterwards be discharged therefrom to return to the Ship from which he shall have so been

font, he Hi all leave his Sick Ticket in'the Hands of the Agent of such Hospital or Sick Quarters, who shall

transmit the fame to the Commissioners of the Navy, with their Monthly or Quarterly Returns ; but if such

Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be discharged unservice-

ab!e from such Hospital or Sick Quarters, or be discharged therefrom to serve in any other Ship or

Vessel, he shall keep and preserve fqch Ticket for Payment: Provided always. That if such Petty Officer

or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall be so discharged to serve in any

other Ship or Vessel, such Ticket shall not be payable until the Ship on Board of which he shall go from

such Hospital or Sick Quarters {hall come incourse of Payment, or until he shall be in any Way discharged

therefrom.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of

Marines, or Marine, who shall be so sent sick from any Ship or Vessel into any of his Majesty’s Hospitals or

Sick Quarters in Great Britain, shall not be allowed Wages or Pay for more than thirty Days of the Time

which he shall remain in such Hospital or Sick Quarters.

lie they remain there.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Petty Officer

or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, being absent from his Ship upon any de-

tached Service or Employment, shall be left behind when the Ship or Vessel to which he belongs shall pro-

ceed to Sea or foreign Service, then, and in every such Cafe, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy shall,

upon Application from the Captain of the Ship on Board of which he shall be ordered to serve, make out, or.

cause to be made out, from the Monthly Adulter Books of such Ship or Vessel, as soon as the fame shall be

8 received

