190 C. 54—21. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792;

Americ?, and

nor permitted

by Law,

and also Goods

imported from

allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in

Council, the fame (hill be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which fjch Goods or Commodities

shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel

belonging thereto.

these States contrary to Law, to be foifeilr.d.

How Forfeitures

are to be reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

A ft to continue

in fore^iill

-Ap'*1 5> *793

but may be re-

pealed this Sef-

11 on.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and maybe

sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the lHce Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce

thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to (lien and the likeUfes and Pur-

poses, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for,

prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the

Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no

longer.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied,

or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-two. [3,500,000l.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-two. [2,000,000l.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of

Stafford*, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein.

pKirabtr.

5 Geo. 3. c. 43,

17 Geo 3 c,52.

and 24 Geo. 3

fciL 2. e, 48.

leciteil.

Fiom

1^92,the recited

with rela-

tien so the

Makers of hard

Soap, so far as

respe£U the

Finding Wcodcn

Covers to Cop-

pers, &rc to ex-

tend to all Soap-

Makers.

CAP. XXL

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with

respect to the manufacturing of Soap.

C \ ^ 7" h K R E A S by several Acts of Parliament, made in the fifth, seventeenth, and twenty-fourth

4 W Years cf his present Majesty, certain Provisions were enacted for better securing the Duties on

c Soap, of the Descriptions therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the fame should be extended

4 to Soap of whatever Description be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-two, th£ said recited Acts, and every Clause, Matter, and T iling therein contained, with

relation to the Makers of hard Soap, io far as the fame extend to the finding, providing, or affixing, Wooden

Covers to Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, or to such Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, and Covers being

locked or sealed down, or to the Furnace Doors of their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils being locked and

fattened, or to the Covers* Furnace Doors, or Ash-holc Doors, of their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils,

being locked, fattened, and feaied down; or to the giving any Notice to the Officers of Excise to have the

fame respectively unlocked or opened, or to the paying for Locks, Keys, or Faftcnings, provided by the Sur-

veyors or Supervilors of Excise in pursuance of the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them; or to the

imposing of any Penalty for the making of any hard Snap, or for the opening of any such Cover, Copper,

Pan, Urenfil, Furnace Door, Ash-holc Door, or to the'breaking, damaging, or hurting any such Lock, Seal,

ax Fattening; or for any other Offence relating to any of the find Provisions, committed contrary to the Paid

Acts,

