104 C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791;

be re-landed in Great Britain, or, if entered to be carried Coastwise to any other Port of this Kingdom where

foreign Corn of the fame Sort may be imported on the low Duties, be landed at any other than such Port, or

at the Hlands of Guern/ey, Jer/ey, Aluerney, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro; which Bond shall

be discharged by such Certificate as is herein before required with Fefptdl to Corn and other Articles exported

on Bounty within the Times there specified, as the Cafe may happen to be; and such Bonds may also be dif-

charged, on Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland

for the Time being, respectively, that such Corn or other Articles were taken by Enemies, or perished in

the Sea.

Foreign Corn, XX. And be it further enacted, That foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of any Sort, which shall be imported,

&c. imported and which shall not have been warehoused as aforesaid, or which shall have been warehoused, and after-

li00^0^11- warc^s delivered out to be used orconfumed in this Kingdom, or Malt, Meal, or Flour made of such foreign

v°%ro°m Corn, shall not afterwards be exported from any Port at such Time as British) Corn of the fame Sort, or any

Warehouses for of the Articles aforesaid, are not allowed to be exported from the same Port.

Home Confu mo-

tien, not to be exported from any Fort when Biiiiih Corn is not permitted to be exported therefrom.

No Corn, &c. XXI. And be it further enacted, That any Sort of Com, Meal, or Flour, either Foreign or British, or any

to be carried Malt made of such Corn, shall not be permitted to be carried Coastwise, or otherwise conveyed, from any For t

Coastwise, from in Great Britain, where the Exportation thereof according to the Regulations of this Act, is not allowed at

a"y £ort whc.re the Time that the said Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, was actually shipped, and be landed or unshipped

is not afioweda" at anY ot^er P°rt Great Britain from whence the fame, according to the Regulations of this Act, may then

the Time of be exported.

shipping, and landed at any Port from whence the fame may be exported.

No Debenture XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Debenture shall be made out or granted for the Allowance of any

to be made out Bounty on any Corn, Malt, Meal, Fleur, or Biscuit, entered or shipped for Exportation from any Port,

for Bounty on during the Time that foreign Com, Meal, Flour, or Biscuit, of the fame Sort, shall be allowed to be im-

XlrT^ it Ported into such Port at the low Duties.

may be imported at the low Duties,

Foreign Corn

nor warrhonfed,

or Meal, See.

made iheretrom,

if exported con-

trary ro this Act,

to be forfeited,

with the Vessel,

See.

Corn, carried

Coastwise, fiom

any Port where

the Exportation

i? not allowed at

the Time of

Shipping, and

landed at any

Fort from

whence the

fame may be ex-

ported, to be for-

feited.

Bond to be

given that Corn,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if foreign Corn of any Sort which shall have been imported, and

shall not have been warehoused as aforesaid, or Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour made of such foreign Corn,

shall afterwards be exported to Foreign Parts, or loaded or laid on Board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to

be foexported contrary to the Intentions of this Act, the fame shall be forfeited, and also the Ship, Vessel, or

Boat on Board of which the fame shall be so loaded or laid on Board, together with her Guns, Furniture,

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs: And if any Sort of Corn, either British or Foreign, or Adah, Biscuit, Meal or Flour made thereof,

shall be carried Coastwise, or otherwise conveyed from any Port in Great Britain, where the Exportation of

such British) Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or F lour, according to the Regulations of this Act, is not allowed, at

the Time that the said Com, Adnlt, Biscuit, Adeal, or f lour, was actually shipped, and be landed at any other

Port of Great Britain, from whence the fame, according to the Regulations of this Act, may then be ex-

ported, such Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour, shall be forfeited; and whenever any Corn, Malt, Biscuit,

Meal, or Flour, shall be shipped, in order to be carried Coastwise within Great Britain, at any Port from

whence the Exportation of the like Species of Corn, Malt, Biscuit, Meal, or Flour, shall not at that Time,

according to the Regulations of this Act, be allowed, over and besides the Conditions in the Coast Bond now

by Law required in such Cafe, the Bond shall be with farther Condition, that the said Corn, Malt, Biscuit,

Adeal, or f lour shall not be landed at any Port in Great Britain from whence the lame Sort of Corn, Malt*

Biscuit, Meal, or Flour may then be exported.

&c, shipped to be carried Coastwise, at any Port from whence Exportation is not allowed, shall not be landed at any Port where it is.

ff Corn, Sec,

brought Coast-

wife was fhipt

when the Ex-

portation thereof

was prohibited at

the Port of La-

ding, it may be

landed at any

Port where the

Exportation is

allowed.

VeflVls with

foreign Com,

Sec, arriving at

Port! where the

high Duties are

payable, or

where Impor-

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to prevent any British or Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, or any Malt made of such Corn,

brought Coastwise, from being landed, or unshipped for landing, in any Port of Great Britain, where, at the

Time of such Vessel> arriving, the Exportation of such Corn, Malt, Adeal, or Flour, according to the Regu-

lations of this Act, shall be allowed, if it shall appear by the Coast Cocquet that the Exportation of such Sort

of Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, was prohibited at such Port at the'Time that the said Corn, Adalt, Meal, or

Flour, was actually shipped on board such Vessel, though the Price thereof may have fallen at such

Port, so that the Exportation of such Sort of Corn, Male, Meal, or Flour, from that Port may then be

allowed.

XXV, And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel shall arrive from foreign Parts at any Port

in Great Britain, with any Com, Meal, or Flour as aforesaid, at a Time when, according to the Regulations

of this Act, the high Duties shall be due and payable for such Com, Adeal, or Flour, or the fame shall not by

Law be allowed to be imported, the said Ship or Vessel shall and may lawfully depart from such Port without

Molestation or Hindrance, with such Corn, Meal, or Flour, and may-carry the fame to any other Port

