A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 42, 43.

Person has taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majftey; and that no Negro Slave belonging

to any Person whatsoever, heretofore a Subject of his late most Christian Majesty, shall be so employed or

conveyed, but upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of his Master, (which Master shall have taken the

Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance as aforesaid,) certifying the good Character of such Negro Slave, and testi-

fying that his Conduct has been such that he may be safely admitted into the Ports of his Majesty’s Domi-

nions; which Certificate shall be indorsed by the Petfon who commands in Chief his Majesty’s Troops or

Vessels at the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall fail, signifying that he has no Reason to

doubt of the Truth thereof, upon Pain that the Master or other Person, having the Charge or Command of

any such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Person employed or con-

veyed in his Ship or Vessel, who has not such Certificates respectively.

VI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

intituled, An At! for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is enacted that no Alien,

4 or Person not born within the Allegiance of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, or

4 naturalized or made a free Denizen, shall exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Fa£tor in

6 any Lands,*Islands, Plantations, or Territories to his Majesty belonging, or in his Possession, or which

4 might thereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Afa,

4 Africa, or America, upon Pain of the Forfeiture and Loss of all his Goods and Chattels, or which are in

4 his Possession :’ Be it enabled, That every Person, although an Alien born, and not naturalized nor made

a free Denizen, who shall reside in any Island or Place which has surrendered, or which shall hereafter fur-

render to his Majesty, and be in his Majesty’s Possession in the West Indies, and who shall have taken the

Oatn of Fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty, according to the Terms of the Capitulation under which

such Island or Place shall have surrendered, shall be, and shall from the Time of such Surrender be deemed

to have been entitled to exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any such Island or

Place; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. 6 And whereas an Act was passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

4 An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Ma-

4 je/ty'i Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great

4 Britain, and navigated according to Law, which Act was to continue and be in force for five Years, to

4 be reckoned from the tv/enty-fifth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and

4 from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which has been since further con-

4 tinued by several Acts of Parliament, and is now in force: And whereas, by an Act passed in the fif-

4 tee nth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act to revive several ASis for the P uni foment of

4 Perjons destroying "Turnpikes or Locks, or other JVorks erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other Pur-

4 pojes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Cujioms, to the clan-

4 define Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty

4 given by the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for carrying Siigar of the Growth of

the British Sugar Colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of his Mayfly1 s Subjects ref ding in Great

4 Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Star or

4 Bent; Sugar of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in Aimerica was permitted to be carried from

the said Colonies diredfly to Foreign Parts, in Ships belonging to any of his Adajesty’s Subjects residing

in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law: And whereas, in order to secure the bringing into

the Ports of his Majesty’s Dominions in Europe, Sugar the Produce of such Parts of the West Indies as

4 have lately or may hereafter come into his Majesty’s rofleflion, it is expedient that the fame should be

4 repealed :’ Be it enacted, That the said Act passed in the twelfth Year cf Ids late Majesty’s Reign, and io

much of the said Act passed in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the carrying

Sugar of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, from the said Colonies diredfly to

Foreign Parts, in Ships belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated

according to Law, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XLIIT.

An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the

Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places , and to enable his Majesty to grant

Commissions to Subjects of France, to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Re-

giments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions.—[9th May 1794*]

WHEREAS, during the present War between Great Britain and France, it may be expedient to

raise Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, or in the Dominions of his late most Chris-

4 tian Majesty; and to enlist, as Soldiers in such Regiments, such Persons who were Suijedts of his late

4 most Christian Majesty as shall be willing to enlist themselves in his Majesty’s Service; and to enable

4 certain Numbers of them to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, and as Engineers,

4 under Rcstrictions:’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for all such Persons who were Subjects of his late most

Christian Majesty, as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as Soldiers, and to accept Commissions

or

53-i

ficate of his hav-

ing taken the

Oath of Fidelity

See, on Penalty

on the Mailer*

ii Car. U. Cap.

]S, recited.

Aliens residing

in any Place

surrendered to

his Majesty in

the W;ft Indies

may act as Met -

chants or Fac-

tors.

11 Geo. II,

Cap.30, and

15 Geo. III.

Cap. 33, recited,

and the former

and Part of the

laittr repealed.

Subjr&i of the

late French King

