5*6

Annu'ties may

be devised.

Fanic to conti-

nue a Corpora-

tien till Annu-

ities are re-

deemed.

Penalty for tak-

ing Fees for

marking Bill',

&c.

Treasury may

reward I’erfor.s

employed in the

Execution of

this Act.

From April 5,

7794, Navy and

Victualling Bill#

{hall be made

payable on a

certain Day, &c.

General Jflue.

Treble Costs.

»f> Geo. II?.

Cap. 41, and

C. 2r, 22. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. -A.D. 1794-

Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her, or

their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfu.ly authorized by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and

Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, and that the Person or Persons to whom such Trans-

fers shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Me-

thod of aligning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the fame or any Part thereof, or

any Imercft therein, shall be good and available in Law, and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be

charged on the said Transfers, or any of them.

XIV. Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of An-

nuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devile the fame by Will in Writing, attested by two or more

credible Witnesses, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise until so much of the said Will

as relates to such Estate, Share, or Interest, be entered in the said Office, and that in Default-of such

Transfer or Devise as al'orefaid, such Share, Estate, or Interest shall go to the Executors, Administrators,

Successors, and A (Tig ns.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor

and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any

of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a

Corporation for the Purposes of this Act till all the said Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament; and the

said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of

his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatso-

ever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the Interest on the said Bills, or for teceiving,

taking in, or cancelling the said Bills, or any of them, 01 for granting Certificates in lieu thereof as afore-

said, or for issuing the Monies for paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any

Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this A<il, u; on Pain that any Officer or Perf >n offending

by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum

of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with all Colls of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at WeshninJler, wherein no Elloin, Pro-

tedtion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparl-

alice shall be granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners

of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of

the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and,they are hereby authorized,

out of the said Consolidated Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall be anyways employed in the Execution

of this Act, for their Service, Pains, and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necef-

farily attend the fame, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper, for the

Service, Pains, and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England^ for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act, and also

for the Service, Pains, and Trouble of the said Accountant General of the said Governor and Company,

for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to

be made ns aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labours of any Officer or Officers of the said

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and

Company, and at their Disposal only; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV ill. c And whereas it is expedient to provide for the regular Payment in Course at Hated Periods of all

4 Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, all Bills regis-

tered in the Course of the Navy and Victualling shall be made payable on a certain Day, to be expressea in

each particular Bill, which Day (hall not be later than fifteen Months from the Date of such Bill, and that

the Interest On such Bilis as usually carry Interest shall commence from the Day on which the said Bills shall

be registered, and shall be paid at such stated Periods as shall be indorsed in Writing on such Dill at the Time

off issuing the fame.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time or 'Limes be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

fuance of this Act, or or any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may

plead the General lifue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence lor his or their Defence; and if a Ver-

dict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their

Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise,

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for allowing VdTcls employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery to complete

their full Number of Men, at certain Poris, for a limited Time.—[4th April 1794*]

4 \^/IdEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his presentMa-

€ VV jelly, (intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the

4 Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights,) continued and amended by another Act, made in the thirty-second

4 Year

