C. 6r.

4°3

Penalty for dlf-

tilling without

Licence.

One Licence

sufficient f.;r i

P^rtncrship, but

to au'hotlz;

working only in

the House for

which granitd.

In case of IrfoI~

vency, Dea'h,.

Sec. the Com-

mi (Tinners of

Excise in Scot-

land may autho-

rize the Trade

to be CJrried on,

for the Re-

mainder of the'

L'cence, by the

Assignees, See.

but if they are

A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 6r.

wards, from Year to Y ear, under the fame Terms* Conditions, Rules, and Regulations with respect to every

new or renewed Licence, as is by this Act required for the first: Licence, except as to the Peiiod between the

fifth Day of 'July one thousand seven hundred-find ninety-three, and the tenth Day of October one thousand

seven hundred and niney-four, herein-before mentioned ; and that if any Person or Persons shall, after the said

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, presume or offer to distil, rectify, or com-

pound any Spirits or Strong Waters in Scotland, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the

fame yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such Offence,

the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That Persons in Partnership,

and carrying on such Trade and Business as aforesaid, in one House or Place only, shall not be obliged to

take out more than one such Licence in any one Year, for carrying on such Trade, and that no one Licence

which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or impower any Person or Persons to whom the

fame shall be granted, to distil any Low Wines or Spirits, or to distil, rectify, or compound any Spirits or

Strong Waters in or at any other House or Place than the Houses or Places wherein he, she, or they did be-

gin to distil, rectify, or compound Low Wines or Spiiits at the Time of receiving his, her, or their Licence

or Licences, and whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the next Office of Excise, in the Name or

Names of such Person or Persons, at the Time of granting such Licences.

1 XIV* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Insolvency, Bankruptcy, or

Death of any Person so licensed as a Distiller, Reftifier, or Compounder of Low Wines or Spirits, or upon

the Removal of any Person or Persons so licensed from the entered House or Premises in which his, her, or

their Licence shall authorize him, her, or them to distil, rectify, or compound Low Wines or Spirits, it shall

and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, and to and for

the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts,

to authorize and empower the Assignees of such Insolvent, or Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees of such

Bankrupt on his sequestrated Estate, or the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child, or lawful Heir

of such deceased Person, or the Allignee or Assigns of any such Person so removing, who shall be possessed of

such House or Premises, in like Manner to distil, rectify, or compound Spirits in the fame entered House or

Premises where such Person, so licensed by virtue of fuen Licence, carried on such Trade, during the Residue

of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Licence during the

Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the fame Terms, Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as

the Person or Persons to whom such Licence was originally granted : Provided always. That if the said

Assignees, Factors, or Trustees, or the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child, or lawful Heir of dc£ir0“! of

such deceased Distiller, Reftifier, or Compounder, shall not be desirous of working such Still or Stills, such ,ift8be givenTo

Person or Persons shall, within one Month after such Insolvency, Bankruptcy, or Death, signify the fame in the officer of

Writing to the proper Supervisor, or Officer of Excile of the Dilution or District within which such Still or Excise, &c.

Stills shall be situated, and shall, at the fame Time, deposit with such Officer the Head or Heads belonging to

such Still or Stills, and also such of the Utensils belonging thereto as such Supervisor or Officer shall select, in

order to render such Still or Stills incapable of being used; and such Still or Stills shall not be again used un-

til a new Licence shall be granted for that Purpose, and the Duty which would have become due for

the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence, to be computed from the Time of giving such Notice as

aforesaid, shall cease; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or to deposit

the Head or Heads, and such of the Utensils of such Still or Stills as is herein-before mentioned and

directed, every such Person, for every such Neglect or Refusal, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hun-

dred Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the making unto Allowance to

the Compounders of Spirits in Scotland a fair Allowance for that Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, Compounders for

which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending i"crear‘ hv

out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and thirty Gallons of &c*

compound Spirits, for everyone hundred Gallons of raw or rectified British Spirits, which they respectively

shall have received, with authentick Certificate or Certificates from any Distiller or Reftifier of British Spi-

rits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Compounder or Compounders of Compounder*

Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall fell or send out any BritiJJj Compounds of any ,|able to

greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such Com- ^ ^irtestf8

pounder or Compounders shall fell or send out any British Compounds of any greater or higher Degree of g^ejte^SuVgth

Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, all such British Compounds, together with the than 1 in 6 un-

Casks or Vessels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Offi- dei Hydrometer

cers of Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any licensed Distiller or Reftifier, or

his or her Clerk or Agent, shall fell, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to any Compounder, Dealer,or Re-

tailer, any Certificate or Certificates by him or her subscribed as in the said Act is mentioned, for the Pur-

pose of conveying or protecting any Spirits in their Removal from the Stock or Possession of any such Com-

pounder* Dealer or Retailer, or other Person than such licensed Distiller or Reftifier; or if any Person or

Persons whatever shall make use of any such Certificate or Certificates, except for the Purpose of conveying

or protecting raw or unreftified Spirits in their first Removal from the Place of Manufacture, or plain recti-

fied Spirits, unmixed and uncompounded, in their first Removal from the Place where they were actually

rectified, every such Distiller, Reftifier, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

5 lose

Penalty for neg-

lecting so give

such Notice,&c.

Proof.

Penalty for gir-

ing Certificate*

ro protest the

illegal Removal

of Stock of

Compounders.

Penalty for ille-

gally using Cer-

tificates.

v^.

