n6 C. 30. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

When the Par-

liament is not

iitting, if the

average Price of

any Sortof Corn,

&c. should be

higher than that

at which the

fame Sort of so-

reign Corn may

be imported on

the low Duties

in Table D, the

King in Council

may prohibit

Exportation, &c.

Prohibition not

to extend to so-

reign Corn im-

ported and ware-

housed.

formable to the Directions of this Act, shall be transmitted to such Collectors or Chief Officers, and be by

them received.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, at any

Time when Parliament is not fitting, and when the average Price of any Sortof Corn or of Oat-meal,

taken from the Returns of the whole Kingdom, is higher than the Price at or above which foreign Corn,

Meal, or Flour of the fame Sort is allowed by Law to be imported at the Low Duties specified in

the Table marked D, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from this Kingdom of any

Sort of Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, and in like Manner to permit generally the Importation, 011

the lowest Duties then payable, of any Sort of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour*, and in like Manner to recal

such Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any Person shall* import

or export any Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or Permission of his Ma-

jesty, by and "with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so importing or exporting the fame shall be

subject and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn, or other Articles, and the Ship

or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported or exported, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures

as if the said Corn, or other Articles, were imported or exported contrary to jthc Provisions of this or any

other Act: Provided always, That as often as the Importation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on

the low Duties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his

or their Privy Council* such Permission shall continue in force for the Space of three Months, at least,

from the Date of the Order of Council made for that Purpose.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafteJ, That the Power hereby granted to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation from this

Kingdom of any Sort of Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to extend,

to any foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, that shall have been imported, and shall be warehoused in Manner,

and on the Conditions herein-before mentioned.

His Majesty in

Council may, in

the Cafes before

mentioned, per-

mit the carrying

Coastwise, &c.

of Corn, as is

herein-before

allowed when

the Exportation

as prohibited on

Account of the

Prices being at or

LXXII. Provided all'o, and be it further enaftetl. That in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying

Coattwife, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Cern, and other Articles herein-

before mentioned, for any of the Purposes before mentioned, in like Manner, and in the dime Proportions

and Quantities, ani from and to the fame Ports and Places as is herein-before allowed at such'Times as

any of

reason

to the

quired and imposed by this Act, or by any other Act now in force, in any of the Cafes herein-before

mentioned.

above the Prices in Table F.

Copies of Orders LXXIII. And be it enacted, That Copies of such Orders, made by his Majesty in Council for the Pur-

in Council to be p0fcs aforesaid, be laid before both Hoitfes of Parliament within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next

laid be tore Par- Session of parliament.

*ame” LXXIV. And be it fiuther enacted, That the Inspectprs appointed in pursuance of this Act, in the fe-

in°Ero” nd are* vera* before mentioned Counties, Ridings, and Divisions of that Part of Great Erltah cjioj lardy

to be paid, shall be paid quarterly, out of the County Rates for every such County, Riding, or Divition, by the

Treasurer thereof, and the Inspectprs of every such City or 1 own which is a County of itself, or has or

enjoys an exempt Juiifdiftion, and which does not contribute lo the Rate of the County, Riding, or Di-

vilion, in which it is lituated, shall be paid in like Manner quarterly from the Poor Kates, by the

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes or Tuwnships within such City or Town

;.nd the Jurisdiction thereof (the Contribution from the respective Parishes or Townships to be apportioned

by the Mayor or other Cnicf Officer of such City or'Town, with Liberty to the Churchwardens anj

Overseers of any iVc.i Parish or Tov.nship, if they shall object to such Apportionment, to appeal to the next

Quarter Sdlions of the Peace for such City or "Town), a Sum not exceeding five Shillings, for each Re-

turn from any City or Town in the maritime Counties of that Part of Great Britain called AV; >cer-

tified to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Division, or to the Mayor or other Chief ? i.igiftpate of

such City or'Town, by the Receiver of Corn Returns, to ha\e been properly made; and a Sum not ex-

ceeding two Shiilmgs for each Return from any of the Cities or 'Towns in the fevtra! ir.i.md cr other

Counties lull bcioie mentioned, and so certified to have been properly made; which Certificates the said

Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby required to make quartetly; except in such Cafes where such Indices

in such County, Riding, or biviiion, or Mayor or other Chief Officer or Ju dices in such City or Town

shall think fomc larger Compensation shall be necessary in Consideration of the great Trouble to which

any such Infpcdtor shall be subject: Which Sums of Money any such Treasurer, and such Churchwardens

and Overfecis of the Poor, after the Apportionment ins been made between the respective Parishes in

Manner before directed, is and are hereby authorised a 11J required to pay, upon receiving such Certificate

ana Sheriffs De- and the fame shall be allowed in their respective Accounts; and that the Sheriff Depute of the Counties*

jputc in Scotland, and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry, or his Substitute, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scjtl

lat.dy shall be intided to receive quarterly, out of the public, k Kate or Cess of every such Counry or Stew-

artry, a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for each monthly Return, certified by the Receiver of Com

Returns to the Treasurer of such County or Stewartry, to have been propeily made according to the Di-

reftions of this Act, by every such Sheriff Depute, Steward Depute, or Substitute, for defraying tile Charges

incuried in making such Returns, which Sums of Money the 'Treasurer of every such County or Stewartry

7 is

