526

Hi* Majesty may

prohibit the ex-

porting o»-carr>-

iiigCoaftwife Pot

or Pearl Act,

See,

and if exported,

See. contrary to

fuchProhibition,

it may be feixed,

and the OfTe jd-

t rio forfeit Tre-

ble the Value,

&c.

His Majesty

may make such

Exception as he

shall think

proper.

Act may be al-

te or repealed

this Session.

31 Geo II.

Cap. 15. for en«

couraging the

Exportation of

Culm to Lilbor’,

and

13 Geo. III.

Cap. 70, for

continuing the

fa id Act, fur-

ther continued

to March 315,

>795*

So much of

»7 Geo. III.

Cap. 31, as di-

rests 1 hat Spi-

rits shall be

deemed of the

Strength de-

noted by

Clarke’s Hydro-

meter continued

to June 1, 1797,

C. 34—36. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

III. And be it farther enacted, That his Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he

shall fee Cause, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or carrying Coast-

wife, or the attempting to export, or carry Coastwise, any Pot or Pearl Afn, or other Articles which shall

be judged by his Majesty to be capable of being converted into Naval or Military Stores, or made ufefui

in increasing the Quantity of Naval or Military Stores.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

all Pot and Pearl Asti, and all Articles which {hall be prohibited to be exported by Proclamation or Order in

Council as aforesaid, and which shall be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on

Board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this

Kingdom, or Coastwise, contrary to any such Proclamation of his Majesty, or Order of his Majesty in

Council, {hall be forfeited, and shall or may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and all

and every Person or Persons offending therein, shall forfeit Treble the Value, of such Articles as aforesaid

respectively, as shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or Coastwise,

or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Veffil, or Boat, for either of those Purposes; and such Ship, Vessel,

or Boat, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the

fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs j provided always, that his Ma-

jesty may, by Special Licence under his Sign Manual, or in any such Order in Council or Proclamation,

make such Exception with respect to the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of any Pot or Pearl Ash, or

other Articles as aforesaid, and such Regulations concerning the Manner of exporting, or carrying the fame

Coastwise, as to him, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall appear to be proper, specifying the said

Articles, and also the Place or Places to and from which the fame shall or may be lb exported or carried

Coastwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act

or Acts to be made in this present Section of Parliament.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons aftingas such, in the West India

Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms.—[17th April 1794.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation of Culm to LiJbon> and to

the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.—[17th April 1794.3

4 \/WHEREAS an Act, pass d in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the

4 Kingdom of Portugal, the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon in British) Ships was allowed for a limited Time,

4 upon Payment of certain Duties and under certain Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and For-

c feitures: And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

4 tided. An Atl to continue an Act, made in the thirty-fiejl Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom

4 of Portugal,’ and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping \ the said re-

4 cited Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was

4 extended to the Exportation of Culm in Foreign Ships, upon Payment of certain other Duties, and un-

4 der the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, and to have Continuance until die twenty-

4 fifth Day of March one thou find seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then

4 next Session of Parliament: And whereas ir is expedient that the said recited Acts, and each of them, should

4 be further continued May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I^ords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited

Acts, and each of them, shall, and the fame are hereby respectively further continued until and upon the

twenty-filth Day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, for and in icfpcdl of all Culm which shall be exported under the Regulations

and Restrictions in the said Acts respectively mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty-

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making Allowances to the Dealers in

Foreign I Fines for the Stock of certain Foreign IVines in their Pqfession at a certain Time, upon which the

Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excisey as

directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer,

commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any I

such Spirits to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, and which by several subsequent Acts was continued until the End of this present Session of

Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the first Day of fune one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP.

