The TITLES of the STATUTES.

certain other Roads therein mentioned* in the Counties of

Derby and Leicester.

I a i. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three

federal Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the.

Second, and the ieventeenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the amending

and widening of the Road from Harrowgate, through

Rifley and Ripon, to the North-east Corner of Hutton

Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the

Town of Ripon aforesaid.

122. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from

the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through

Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's

Bridge, in the said County; and also, from the said Town

of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead,

at Orleton in the County of Hereford-

123. An A dl for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts of Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House,

and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of

Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or

Side Gate, in the Parish of Afford Bowdler, to the Turn-

pike Road on the Glee Hilly in the said County; and for

amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to

Bowden, in the said County.

124. An Act for amending, widening, altering, diverting,

and improving the Road leading from the Town of

Rochdale, to a Place called Edenfiela, in the Parish of Bury,

all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

izy. An Act for altering, repairing, and widening the Road

from Burtry Ford in the County of Durham, to Alston

in the County of Cumberlandy and from Alston aforesaid,

by the Dyke, to Burnstones in the County of Northum-

berland\

126. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from

Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of

Middleton in the County of Northampton.

127. An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act

t of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty as relates to the

Road from Carter's Bridgey in the Parish of ChatteriSy

within the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, to

The Forty Feet Bridgey in the Parish of Rarnfeyj in the

County of Huntingdon.

128. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keep-

ing in Repair the Road from Dunchurch to Southamy in

the County of Warwick*

129. An Act for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dum-

barton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirlingy

Dumbarton, ancYPerth*

130. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two

Acts, made in the twentieth and thirtieth Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

repairing the High Road leading from the North End of

the Cow Cawfey near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyney

to the Town of Bel ford, and from thence to Buckton Burn

in the County of Northumberland.

131. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers,

of several-Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways

between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the County of Middle- '

jex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge,

over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell,

New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road

. jjLu tl.je said County, and for lighting, watching, and water-

ing the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gratiel

Pits.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for refairing

the Road between The Bear Inn in Reading, ana Punt-

field in the County of Berks, and several other Roads in

the said County.

133. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving

and keeping in Repair the Road from IVolverhamtton, in

the County of Staffordly to Ivetfey Bank, in the Parish of

Blimhill, in the said County-

134. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein

mentioned, so far as the fame relate to the repairing and

amending of the Roads leading from Leedsy through Brad-

ford and Horton, and through Bowling and tribfey, to

Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and

Little Horton Lane, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

135- An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of.

Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the several

Places therein mentioned, being the first District of Roads

described in two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, and for altering the Courfeof Part of the

said Roads; and also for making, and keeping in Repair*

a Road from Simmonds Fora Brook to the Turnpike

Road leading to Evejham in the County of Worcester, at

or near Beckford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester,

and from Gotherington to the Turnpike Road leading from

Cheltenham to Stow on the IVold, at or near Sir ford Inn,

in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross,

-in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the

Woldy in the County of Gloucester aforesaid. '

136. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of .certain,

Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the

Counties of IVorcJler and Warwick, so far as relates to

the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the.

Town of Dudley in the County of IVorceJlery and for

making a more commodious Road near the Town of

Dudley.

137. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a

Place called Black Grovey in the Parish of Rawreth, over

Battle's Bridgey to die Town of Chelmsford xyi the County

of Essex.

138. An Act for making and repairing several Roads lead-

ing across the County of Stirling.

139. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the

Counties of Clackmannan and Perth•

140. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of ail Act,

made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Afl to continue the Terms of two Acts, made

in the twenty sixth and twenty-seventh Tears f the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing fe~

veral Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the

fame relate to the Roads from the City ^Glasgow to Yoker

Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three Mile House, to

the Toivn of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorballs to

the Chapel of Cambuflang, in the Counties of Lanerk and

Renfrew, so far as respects the Road from the Toll House

in Paisley Lane, at the Weft Sidd of the Entry to the

New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East

End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to The

Three Mile House in the County of Lanerk; and for more

effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping jn

Repair the said R6ad$.

241. An

v^.

