A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 2, 3.

the Wort or Wash from whence such Spirits were extrabled or made, to the Price thereof, and shall be en-

titled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the fame accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising

by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Abt imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges

of raising and accounting for the fame respecHvely excepted,) shall, from and after the pa (Ting of this Act,

from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and the fa id

Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated

Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to aiife, of the several Rates

or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the

Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created,

or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be pa fled, in this Session of Parliament; and

that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt dif-

tinbtly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept

in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books,

in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the fiid Receipt, shall, toge-

ther with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the

Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefl'ors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking aivay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in

Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Ala] fly in lieu thereof

or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established

for managing, raising, levying, collebting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or alccrtaining the Duties

thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Provisions are made and pre-

feribed by this Abt,) shall be prabtifed, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing, levy-

ing, collebting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Abt imposed, and for pre-

venting, deteding, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and eftebtually, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeituics, Clauses, Matters, and

Things were particularly repeated and re-en2bted in this present Abt.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported

into Great Britain.—[21ft February 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \X7 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjebts, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge cc-

4 calioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Abt or Acts for that Purpose

4 to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties herein-after respebtively mentioned and do

therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Day

on which this Abt shall have received his Majesty’s Royal Assent, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and

paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors, for and in respect of the several Matters

and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by

any Abt or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, to be paid by the Im-

porter, before the landing thereof, Ten-pence:

For every Gallon of Brandy above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, to be paid by the

Importer, before the landing thereof, one Shilling and Eight-pence:

For every Gallon ot Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the Britiftj Colonies or Plantations,

which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer, before the

landing thereof, Eight-pence:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies

or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer,

before the landing thereof. One Shilling and Four-pence:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations,

which, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be in any Ware-

house in which the fame shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

3 Q_ 2 and

481

will be equiva-

lent CO’. hcDut.es.

Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer, and caititd

to the Consoli-

dated Fund.

Duties to be ap-

plied in defray-

ing any increas d

Charge cccasion-

by any Loanof

this Se/Tion, ar.d

for 10 Yea;s to

be kepr separate

from other Mo-

nies.

The Powers cf

12 Car. II. Cap.

24, and of any

other Law re-

]alii g to the Ex-

cife, to euend to

this Act.

The following

additional Duties

of Excise to be

paid on imported

Spirits.

For every Gallon

of S.rg e Bran-

dy, l OS,:

Fur every Gallon

of Brandy above

Proof, n 8d.:

For every G JiJ ’n

of Spirits of the

British Colonic1',

$d:

For every Gallon

of such Spirits

above Proof,

is. 4d.

For every Gallon

of such Spirit*

warehoused on

Feb. 12, 1704,

f

