*4

C. 24-T-27

Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1790.

Preamble.

»7 Geo.3. Ci IJ*

recited.

Prom July

1790, Goods

imported from

Yucatan to be

free from the

Excise Duty on

Sales by Auc-

tien, imposed by

recited &c.

and Exporters

of Goods to that^

Settlement, to

be allowed the

fame Drawbacks

as on Goods ex-

ported to Ame-

ruai dec.

Preamble.

From Aug. ?,

1790, $ubje£lf

of the United

Slates of Ame-

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned.

44 His Majesty by Sign Manual may authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to direct Loans to be

44 received, and Exchequer Bills to be made out for 1,000,000l. agreeable to the Rules of the Malt Act.

44 Oaufes of the Malt Act to extend to this Act, except those charging the Loans on the Malt Tax, and li-

44 miting the Rate of Interest. Loans, CsV. to be charged upon the first Supplies of next Session, or the

44 next Consolidated Fund. Monies issued out of the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Sup-

44 plies. Bank of England may advance Money upon the Credit of this Act.”

CAP. XXV.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels imported from the Settlement of Tucatan in South

America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales \

and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Tucatan.

4 ^ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (in-

tituled, An Aid for repealing the several Duties of Cujtoms and Excise, and granting other Duties in

4 Lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with tin other Duties composing the Public Revenue ;

4 for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of

the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdoms and for applying certain unclaimed

4 Monies, remaining in the Exchequerfor the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National

4 Debt), an Excise Duty is chargeable for and upon all Sales by way of Auction in Great Britain, of

4 any Goods or Chattels, according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And whereas it is expedient

that some Provision should be made in Favour of Goods and Chattels imported from the Settlement at

4 Tucatan in South America, and sold by Auction in Great Britain be it enacted determined by the King's most ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the fame. That from and after the fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, any Goods imported into this Kingdom by Way of

Merchandize, from the said Settlement at Tucatan, shall be free of the said Duty on the first Sale of uich

Goods at Auction, by or for the Account of the original Importer to whom the fame were conrtgned, and

by whom they were entered at the Custom-house at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale be made within

twelve Months after such Goods {hall be imported, and by some Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade

or Business of an Auctioneer.

4 II. And whereas Drawbacks of the Whole or Part of Duties paid upon certain Goods and Commodi-

4 ties, are allowed to the Exporter on the due Exportation thereof into the British Colonies in America: And

4 whereas it is expedient that the like Drawbacks should be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods and

4 Commodities to the said Settlement at Tucatanbe it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the

said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, there shall be paid.or allowed to the Exporter

or Exporters of any Goods or Commodities which shall be exported to the said Settlement of Tucatan, die

like Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Good&

or Commodities to the British Colonies or Plantations in America, on Condition that the fame shall be ex-

ported in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Redac-

tiens, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Goods or Commodities are now subject and liable to, upon the

Exportation thereof, foj* a Drawback to the British Colonies ,or Plantations in America: Provided also, that

the like Bond shall be given for the due Exportation thereof, with further Condition that the Exporter thereof

shall produce a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of two British Merchants, within the Space of twelvfe

Calendar Months from the Exportation thereof, that the fame have been duly landed there.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for encouraging new Settlers in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in

America.

4 T T WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given to Persons that are difoofed to come

and settle in certain of his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indiesbe

it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, if any

Person or Persons, being a Subject or Subjects of the Territories or Countries belonging to the United

States of America, shall^come from thence, together with his or their Family or Families, to any of the

2 Bahama,

