T&e TITLES of

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anna 32 Georgii III.

1* A N A & fof naturalizing John BaptJl Davallon.

A\, 2. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open

and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of

Avebury, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or

Waftc Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Dinder

Hilly within the Parishes of Crofcombe and Dindery in the

County of Scmerfct.

4. An A<3 to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett Esquire, and his

IftueMaie, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of

turnery pur hi ant to the Will of Martha Turner y Widow,

deceased.

5. An Act for naturalizing Richard Walker.

6. An Act for naturalizing Alphonjo Doxat and Charles

Frederick Brandt.

7. An Act for naturalizing y<?Zw ifc&ni Gourgas and James

Soret.

S. An Act for naturalizing John William Hentig and Jacob

Aside rfon.

9. An Act for naturalizing Herman Schroder.

An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and fell Timber

upon'the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph

Carr Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom

in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled

to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

XI* An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Walton in the Wouldsyin the County of

Leicester.

*2. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement be-

tween the Matter and Scholars of Balliol College, in the

University of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty

2nd Citizens of the City of London, for vetting in the said

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Succef-

fors, certain Ground and Buildings in the Parish of Saint

Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said M af-

ter and Scholars, and their Successors, certain yearly Rems

in lieu thereof.

^3. An A dl to dissolve the Marriage of Wiliam Raybculd

with Joannab Pearjall, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again} and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

14. An A <51 to dissolve the Marriage of John Larking

Esquire, with Elizabeth Mar con, his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again } and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

ry. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wihnot Esquire,

with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open

and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish

of Knooke, in the County of Wilts

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields

and Grounds, within the Parish of North Grimjion, in the

East Riding of the County of York.

i£. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Redmile, in the County of Leicester.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, lugs, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lanas, in the Parish of

Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln.

32Gfco.HL.

tfte STATUTES.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-'

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common IMh^es,.

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gkvcfer.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the.

Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Ghucejlcr.

2Z. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Places, in the Par ith of Aynho, in the

County of Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certairv

Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor

of Reedfdale, and Parish of Corjbifide, in the County of

Northum her land.

24. An Act for vetting a Leasehold Estate, late of John-

Blackburne Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and

for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner

therein mentioned.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh,.

and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint.

Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An A el for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parhhe

of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the

Right Honourable the Earl Fitzwilliam and Francis Fer-

rand Foljambe Esquire, and the Right Honourable the Lord;

Hawke and the said Francis Fcrrand Foljambe, and to ena-

ble Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached^ParC

of the Estates of the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe.

28. An Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates oF

Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlesex,

from the Pin Money, Jointure, and younger Children’s

Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions

the firtt Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjedied*

thereto, and for impowering the Trustees of the said Ba-

ron de Clifford to fell the Remainder of the said Leafeholds,

and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage

Settlement, and, until Sale, to grant Building and Repair-

ing Leases.

29. An Act for vetting the Lands and Estates of Melgund

and Kynnyndmond, and* other Lands and Estates com-

prised in the Deed of Entail executed by the dcccafed Sir

Alexander Murray Baronet, upon the thirteenth Day of

one thou fund seven hundred and ten, in Trtil-

tees, in Trull to sell the same, and invest the Money arii-

ing by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be set-

tled and iecured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the

fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the

' aforesaid Deed of Entail,

30. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Ca-

thedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of

Bristol to grant a Leaie of Part of the Lands of the said

Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Mid act the

Archangel, in the City of Brijlcl, for the Purpose of build-

ing thereon.

31. An Act for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee

Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments, mort-

gaged or conveyed inTruft to John Trenail he Esquire,.

deceased, after the Date of his Will.

32. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish.

Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of'Middle-

Jex, to grant Building Leales of certain Glebe Lands be-

longing to the said Vicarage.

33. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution-

certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into be—

a. tweeru

