92 '

Duties to b«

carried to the

Con soli dated

fund*

C. 28,29. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by

this Abt imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, {hall from Time

to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into

the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, {hall be carried to, and made Part of, tlx; Fund called The

Consolidated Fund.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Abt to enable his Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, for

the Loss of their Offices.

<c Abt 30 Geo. 3. c. 38. recited. His Majesty may direct the Commissioners of Excise to make yearly

44 Allowances to the Officers deprived of their Employments by the said Abt, so as the whole of such All

u lowances do not exceed 8001.”

Preamble.

15 Geo. 3. c. 31.

and t6 Geo. 3.

a. *6. recited.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of , for

a limited Time.

XT 7 HERE AS, by an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

din drf for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British

4 Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the

4 said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season, it was, amongst other Things, en-

4 acted, That all Dilputcs which should arise concerning the \V ages of every and any such Seaman or Eiih-

4 erman, and all Offer ices which should be committed by every Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or-

4 Eifherman against that Abt, {hould and might be enquired of, heard, and determined; and the Penalties

and Eorfeitures thereby incurred should and might be recovered in the Court of Session in the said Abt

mentioned, or in the Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland: And

HTi Majesty may

constitute a

Court of Citll

Jurisdiction at

Newfoundland,

*c.

The Manner in

which the Court

it to proceed.

An Appeal to

kit Majesty

Council may be

4 mentioned Abt, as gives any Jurisdiction to the Court of Vice Admiralty for the said Island of Next found-

4 land, with respect to inquiring, hearing, and determining Dilputcs concerning the Wages of any Seaman

4 or Fisherman, or any Offence committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Eifherman, or

4 any Controversies or Differences arising from their Contracts or Agreements, should be, and the fame

4 was thereby repealed: And whereas the Provisions made by the said hrft mentioned Act, for the Admi-

4 nistration of Justice in Civil Cafes, are infuflicient, and it is highly expedient that a Court of Civil Juris-

4 dibtion, having Cognizance of all Pleas of Debt, Account, Conti acts respecting personal Projxrrty, and

4 all Trelpailes against the Person, Goods, or Chattels, should be established ill the said Island of Nezu~ -

4 so Midland, for a limited Time ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, determined by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment afftmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his

Commission under the Great Seal, to institute a Court of Civil Jurisdiction, with full rower and Authority*

to hear and determine, in a summary Way, all Plc\.s of Debt, Account, Contracts relped/ng personal

Property, and all Trclpafles committed against the Person or Goods and Chattels in the Island of Newfound-

land, Iilands and Parts adjacent, or on the Banks of the said island of Newfoundland; which Couit

{hall consist of a Chief Judge, to be appointed by his Majesty, and two A hello: s, to be appointed by the

Governor of the said Island, from Time to Time;, which Cnict Judge, together with any one of such

Afleifors, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and detcimine all Pleas by this Act cognizable by

the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction; and shall have such Clerks, and other ministerial Officers, as the Chief

judge {hall think proper to appoint; and that such Salaries shall be paid to the Chief Judge aforesaid, as his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall approve and direit; and such Salaries be paid to the Ahellors, and

to the Clerks, and ministerial Officers aforesaid, as shall be approved by the said Chief Judge, with the

Consent of trie Governor of the Island of Newfoundland; which several Salaries shall respef lively be in lieu

of all other Profits and Emoluments whatever; and such Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall have

all such Powers as by the Law of England are incident and belonging to a Court of Record; any Thing in

the said nrft mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall proceed by Complaint in Writing, and by Sum-

mons of the Defendant, in all Cafes where the Complaint is for a Sum under live Pounds; and by Arrest

of the Deiendant, and Attachment of his Goods and Debts, or of his Effects in the Hands of any other

Person where the Complaint is for more than the Sum of five Pounds; and such Court shall have Power and

Authority to pass Judgement* and give Colts, in such Pleas, and award Execution, either by Levy and Sale

of the Goods and Chattels, or Arrest of the Person of the PIaint.it or Defendant, and also of the Goods

Debts, and Effcbts of the Defendant so attached.

III. Provided always. That in all Pleas, where the Sum for which Judgement shall be given shall amount

to more than one hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for die Plaintiff or Deiendant, as the Cafe may be, to

