A.D. 1794* ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 75. 589

the Land Revenue, and be there forthwith inrolled, in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Pur-

pose, separate and apart from the other Business and Proceedings of the said respective Offices; and such

Auditor having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt as aforesaid, shall attest the fame, under his Hand,

and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after

such Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers of such Rents, and their Heirs or Suc-

ceflors, shall by Force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession

of the Rents so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly,

freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, and

of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, heretofore made or charged upon the fame Rents,

and as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could

have held or enjoyed the fame; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the Powers, Remedies, Benefits,

and Advantages for the Recovery thereof, given or allowed to the Purchasers of Rents in and by two Acts

of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King Charles the Second, or any other Law or Statute whatever, in as large and ample Manner and

Form as if such Purchases had been made of, and the said Rents conveyed by, the Trustees or Commissioners

appointed or authorized by or under and by virtue of the fame Acts, or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates to be granted by the said Surveyor General, on

the Sale of any Relit or Rents as aforesaid, shall be expressed in the Words following, or as near thereto as

may be: (that is to say.)

ing inrolled with

the Auditor of

the Ljnd Reve-

nue, shall give

Podcfiiofl,

Certificates fobs

in the follow in g

44 By the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue. Form;

44 'X'HESE are to certify, That the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed with A. B. for the

44 Sale to him [her, or them, as the Caje may he] of all that Relit of issuing and

44 payable out of [briefly describing the Lands or Hereditaments chargeable] now or late payable by

<c at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great

44 Britain, to be paid by the said A. B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Sale

44 of Fee Farm Rents [and, in the Cafe of afnbfifting Lease, then the foliovAng Words are to be added] sub-

41 jedt nevertheless to a Lease thereof granted under the Great Seal of Great Britain [ory the Seal of his

44 Majesty’s Exchequer, as the Cafe may be] bearing Date the Day of one

44 thousand seven hundred and unto for a Term of

44 Years which will expire on or about the Day of and from and im-

4C mediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate*

44 and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public

44 Accounts of the Kingdom, and thenceforth for ever, the Purchaser or Purchasers [as the Caje may be] of

44 the said Relit [or Rents] and his or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns shall be adjudged, deemed, and

44 taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Relit [or Rents] so by him purchased, by force

44 and virtue of an AcSf of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

44 George the Third, intituled, An Act [infer ting the Title of this Act]*

44 Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General, the Day of ”

Which said Certificates shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the Signing thereof, by the said and witnessed.

Surveyor General, by one of the principal Clerks, or other Officers in his Office; and that the Receipts Receipts of 1 he

to be given or subscribed by the Cashier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificates re- Bank to be in

spectively as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that the following

is to say,)

44 Received the Day of one thousand seven hundred and

44 of and from A. B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britainr

44 being the Confederation Money expressed in the above [or within] written Certificate*

4< Witness my Hand,

44 For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

44 (Signed)

44 Cashier.”

Form*

Which said Certificates and Receipts, being inrolled as aforesaid, shall effe£lually discharge the said Pur-

chafers, or other Persons to whom the fame shall be so given and granted, of and from the Purchase and

Consideration Money therein respectively expressed, and such Purchasers or other Persons shall never after-

wards be liable to, or called upon, sued, troubled, molested, or queltioned for or in respe& of such Purchase

or Consideration Money, or any Part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That the Certificates and Receipts hereby directed to be given shall be

made forth and inrolled at the Expence of the Persons entitled to or requiring the lame, for which Certifi-

cates such Fees shall be paid (exclusive of the Expence of Stamps, Parchment, and mrolling) as the Lord

High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct and establish, in Proportion to the Value of

the Rents to be sold, so that no greater Fee be paid for any one Relit than twenty Shillings; and if the Cer-

tificate be for more Rems than one, a further Fee shall be paid for every such Relit, not exceeding one fourth

of

and when 5n-

rclled to dif-

ch Tgc the

Purchafeta,

Certificate? end

Receipts to be at

the Expence of

the Parties.

Fees to be paid

for Certificates

^ooooie

