The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Jtigts therein, leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity

otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of

MiddScfex, within the Liberty of his Majestf $ Tower of

'London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83.. An Act for the better lighting, cleaning, watching, and

regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages,

and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County

of Middlesex ; and for removing and preventing Nuisances,

Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same.

84. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the twen-

tieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the

moreeafy and speedy Recovery of Imalf Debts within the

Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Binglcy, Guifeley,

Calverky, Batley, Birfiall, Mirfield, Hartijhead cum Cl ft on,

yllmondbtry, Kirkheaton, Kir kb art on, and Huddersfield, and

the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Weft Riding of

the County of York, and for granting other Powers for

those Purposes.

85. An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymonth Dock,

Stoke Damarei, StonehouJ'c, and the Parts adjacent in the

County of Devon, with Water.

86. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other

made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and

Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with

Coals.

87. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard or Cemetery of

the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County

of Middlesex.

88. An Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes,

and other publick Stallages and Places, in the Parish of

Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middle-

Jex; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock

Latte, and Yo*k Street, as are in the Parish of Saint Leo-

nard, Shoreditch; and for removing Obstructions and

Annoyances therein.

89. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and

regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Pailages,

and publick Places, within- such Part of the Parish of

IValcot, in the County of Somerset, as is^not within the

Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, in

the same County; and for removing and preventing Nui-

fances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obfl ructions;

and for establishing a proper and effective^Police therein ;

and forlicenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs,

Porters, Basket Men, and Basket Women, within the said

City of Bath, and at a certain Distance thereof.

90. An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's

Roadxn the Parish of Christchurch in the County of Surrey,

through Holland's Lcagure, into and across The Green

and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish;

and for discontinuing as a publick Highway Part of a Street

called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish.

91. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of

Salop, to the River Merfcy at or near Ncthcrpool, in the

County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining

certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

92. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise

improving the Town of [pfiuich, in the County of Suffolk',

and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Ob-

ftruftions, and Annoyances therein.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a NavigableCom-

immication between, the Town of CheUnsford, orTome Part

of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Ejfix, and a I

Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Black-

water, in the said County.

94. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from or nearly from the Town of Granthanism the County

of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent

Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended

Canal, 3t or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bing-

ham, both in the County of Nottingham.

95. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of

Abcrdarc, in the County of Glamorgan', and for making

and maintaining a Rail Way or Stone Road from thence

to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxtane juxta Neath,

in the said County.

96. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire Canal,

near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth',

and for making and maintaining Rail Ways and Stone

Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines

in the Counties of Brecknock and ALonmouth.

97. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester,

into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley;

and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley, in the

County of Gloucester.

98. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from

the Town of Leicester to communicate with the River

Ncn, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a cer-

tain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation.

99. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Com-

munication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the

River Ouje, at or near the City of York, to Siillington Milly

in the Parish of StillinHon, in the North Riding of the

County of York; and for draining and improving certain

Low Lands lying on each Side of the liiid River Fofs.

100. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for erecting Piers in, and for

repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Little -

hampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex;

and for impowering the Commissioners acting under the

said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Arun%

from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said

County.

101. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an

Act, made in the thirty-hrft Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and re-

building the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town

and County of the Town 0/Southampton, and for pur chas-

ing Land for the Purpoje of a Church Yard for the Use of

the said Parish.

102. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and

through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut

out of the said Canal in or near the said Borough, to join

the Erewajh Canal near Sandiacre, and for making Rail

Ways from such Canal to several Collieries in the Pa-

rishes or Liberties of Denby, Horjley, and Smalley, all in

the County of Derby.

103. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut

or Canal from the Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the

County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

104. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan,\n the Shire of

Argyll. # .

ioj. An Act for making an! maintaining a Navigable Cut

or Canal from a Place called HammevfAe Hill in the

Paiifti.

