222

If Pots arc not

fceeun to be un-

fl porfuint

to No ire, ti« ih

Notice must Le

given.

Penal'y not

extr i d to iheuu-

fleppin.' Po s

which mav h *p-

p-n to cuclc,&c.

nftr to the ui.

flopping f 1 cm

within 36 Ht r.rs

fri in the Time

of beginning to

charge them.

On giving fix

Hours prrvious

Noiioe, 40 lb. of

Meal which has

pjid the D.ity

n ay be put into

any new Pot, in

the Pit fence « f

thi Officer, for

the Puirofe of

glazing it,

and on like No-

t’.i e, 10 lb. of

unOaineJ Me'al

may be used for

the Purpose of

cleansing any

S*ained-Cldfs

Pet,

How Penalties

are to be reco.

vered ard ap-

plied.

Powers of x 1

Car, 2. c. 24.

li.c. to extend to

this Act.

A£1 to com-

mence from

July 5, 1791.

C. 40. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

IV. Provided always, That if any such Pot or Pots,so intended to be unftopped, and whereof such Notice

flia.ll have b‘.>en given, shall not be begun to be unftopped pursuant to such Notice, then, and in every such

Cafe and Casts, such Notice or Notices respectively shall be null, void, and of no Effect; and all and every

Maker and’Makers of Flint Glass, who, after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice, shall

unstop or take down any such Stopper from any such Pot or Pots, without having first given a new or like

Notice as 2 fore fa id of his, her, or their Intention to unstop or take down any such Stopper or Stoppers from

any such Pot or Pots, shall, in every such Cafe, incur and be subject to the like Penalty and Forfeiture as if he,

{lie, or they had not thereof given any Notice at all.

V. Provided also, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend,

to subject any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, for or by reason of his,

her, or their unftopping or taking down any Stopper from any such Pot which may happen to crack or break

whillt the lame is filled or charged with any Metal or Preparation, for the sole Purpose of preventing

the Loss of such Metal or Preparation, or from any other Pot or Pots, for the sole Purpose of discovering

such broken Pot or Pots, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to ex-

tend, to subject any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, for or by reason

of his, her, or their unftopping or taking down any Stopper or Stoppers from any Pot or Pots, during

the "l ime of the filling or charging any such Pot or Pots, and within thirty-six Hours from the Time

of his, her, or their having begun to fill or charge such Pot or Pots, any Thing herein-before contained to the

contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all

and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass, (on his, her, or their giving to the Officer or Officers of Excise,

under whole Survey he, the, or they shall then be, fix Hours previous Notice in Writing of his, her, or their

Intention so to do,) to glaze, or cause to be glazed, any new Pot or Pots previously gauged, and taken an Ac-

count of by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and specified in such Notice, and for that Purpose to

take from and out of any other Pot any Quantity of Metal, on which the Duty has been charged, not ex-

ceeding forty Pounds Weight in the YVhole, and to put such Metal immediately, in the Presence of such Of-

ficer or Officers, into such new Pot or Pots for the sole Purpose of glazing the fame, without such Maker or

Makers of Flint Glass being liable to any further Duty for or in respect of such Metal so put into such

new Pot or Pots for the Purpose aforesaid, or without incurring any Penalty for beginning to fill or charge

such new Pot without Notice.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all

and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass, (on his, her, or their giving to the Officer or Officers of Excise,

under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, fix Hours previous Notice in Writing of his, her, or their

Intention so to do,) to cleanse any Pot or Pots in which any Stained Glass hath been melted, and specified inlueh

Notice, by taking any Quantity of unstained Metal on which the Duty has been charged, not exceeding ten

Pounds YVeight in the YV hole, and by lading and unlading the fame in the Pres. nee of such Officer or Officers

into and from such Pot for that Purpose, and by repeating such Operations in the Presence of such Officer or

Officers, until such Pot shall be Efficiently cleansed, without incurring any Penalty for beginning to charge

such Pot without Notice.

IX. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or

created by this ACt, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or iYIethods, as

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of

Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weft-

minster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland., respectively; and that one Moiety of every Rich Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her,

or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an ACt made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of IVards and

Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his

Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are

provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or

ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties

or Provisions are made and prescribed by this ACt,) shall be practised, uied, and put in Execution, in and for

the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties, by this ACt im-

posed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Ptirposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present ACt.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hat this ACt shall commence and take Effect

from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thoufanu seven hundred and ninety-two.

CAP.

