48

Manufacturers

may keep and

life Dye for

ftainingTobac*

co.

So much of

Clause 11 $ of

recited Act re-

pealed as di-

rects that the

Permi s for Re-

moval of Tobac-

co or Snuff from

the Mil), shall

be for no more

than the Weight

afterbeingftoved

or dried.

Permits may be

granted for the

Removal of not

less than loolb.

of unmanufac-

tured Tobacco

in any Package,

from entered

Premises to the

Mill.

Tobacco Stalks

Gripped from the

Leaf may be re-

mo veil by Per-

mit, from enter-

Premises, out

of the Limits of

the Bills of

Mortality, fee,

to any Place

within those

Limits, &c.

Tobacco, etc.

may be removed

to any entered

Millto be manu-

fadluicd, etc.

Permits for Re-

moval «»f Tobac-

co, &c. from

the Mill backto

the Manufactu-

rer's Premises,

not illegal, on

account of any

Operation at the

Mill.

Snuff Work re-

moved, except

from the Premi-

fes where laid

down to the

C. 40. ving Annoying tricesimo Georg 11 III. A.D.

XXIII. And be it further enaCted, That nothin? in the said recited ACt contained vhall extend, or be deem-

or construed to extend, to prohibit any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco from dying or ftaiii-

ing with any Liquid Dye or Stain, any Tobacco mimiifacturing or manufactured into Short Cut Tobacco,

Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Garret Tobacco, or any Tobacco Stalks manufacturing or manufactured

into Spanijhy or from having such Liquid Dye or Stain in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, for the Pur-

pose of flaming or dying such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks so manufacturing or manufactured; any Thingin

the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in cnvwhy notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted. That so much of a CT’-P. in the said recited Act as provides drat the Ma-

nufacturer or Manufacturers of 'Tobacco or Snuff, who lii-'ll have icoved or finished Tobacco, or dried Snuff

Work, at any Cutting Mill or Snuff Mill, shall noth? entitled to or receive a Permit for the Removal of any

greater Quantity of manufactured Tobacco or Snuff than tiu Weight of such Tobacco or Snuff Work re-

spectively, after such Tobacco shall have been so ffoved or finished, or such Snuff Work lnall have been so

dried, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that it mall and may be lawful to and for the proper Of-

ficer or Officers of Excil’e to grant a Permit or Permits to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers for the Re-

moval of the whole Quantity of manufactured Tobacco or Snuff Work respectively from such Cutting Mill

or Snuff Mill, without Regard being had or made to the Weight of such Tobacco or Snuff Work, at the

Time of ftoving or finishing such Tobacco, or drying such Snuff Work, subject nevertheless to all and every

other the Regulations and ReltriCtions in the said AC*, or tnis AC! prescribed for the Removal of such Tobacco

or Snuff from such Mill or Mills.

XXV. And be it further enaCted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer

and Manufacturers of Tobacco, to remove by Permit, and to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise

to grant a Permit for the Removal of any unmanufactured Tobacco, in any Quantity not less than two hun-

dred Pounds in Weight, and in any Package whatsoever, from the entered Premises of such Manufacturer or

Manufacturers, to any Mill, for the Purpose of being manufactured at such Mill, according to the Provisions

of the said ACt and of this ACt, and under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions,

Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said ACt or in this Act contained, for the Removal of 1 obacco from

any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof; any Thing in the said ACt contained to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enaCted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer

or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, who shall carry on any Manufactory of Tobacco or Snuff in any en-

tered Premises situate out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Chief Office of Excise in

London, or any of the Ports of Importation of Tobacco in the said recited ACt enumerated, or within two

Miles of any such Ports, to remove, by Permit, any Tobacco Stalks arisen and (tripped from the Leaf at such

his, her, or their entered Premises, and whereof the proper Officer of Excise has taken an Account in pur-

suance of the said ACt, to any Place within the Limits aforesaid, under and subjeci to the Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said ACt or in this ACt prescribed for the

Removal of Tobacco Stalks from any Part of this Kingdom to any Place not within the said Limits, or either

of them, in Cafe such Manufacturer or Manufacturers I hall not have received into, and have in his, her, or

their entered Premises, Ctistody, or Possession, at the Time of requesting a Permit for such Removal, any

other Tobacco Stalks whatever, whereof the proper Officer of Excise has not taken any Account, or whereof

such Officer has taken Account, in pursuance of the said ACt, as Tobacco Stalks received into such entered

Premises, by Permit, from the Stock of any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers j any Thing in the said

ACt contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enaCted, 'That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer

or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, to manufacture his, her, or their Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Snuff

Work, and Returns of Tobacco, respeCHvely, at any Mill whereof an Entry hath been duly made at the

Office of Excise, in pursuance of the said ACt, and to remove the fame respectively, by Permit, from the

Premises of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers to such Mill, for the Purpose of being so manufactured, un-

der and subject to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said recited ACt and this ACt mentioned, by

which Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Snuff Work, and Returns of Tobacco, or either of them, may be re-

moved from the Premises of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff to any Mill, for any

the Purposes in the said ACt mentioned ; any Thing in the said ACt contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

Provided always, That every Request Note for such Permit, and every such Permit for the Removal of To-

bacco, Tobacco Stalks, Snuff* Work, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively, from the Premises of such

Manufacturer or Manufacturers to the Mill, shall set forth the Purpose for which the fame is to be removed,

and the particular Process or Procefies of Manufacture to be performed thereon at such Mill.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enaCted, That no Permit shall be deemed illegal or insufficient

for the Removal of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Way

or Degree manufactured, from the Mill where the fame respectively shall have been so manufactured back to

the Premises of the fame Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff from whence the fame respeC-

tively shall have been permitted and sent, by Reason of any Process or Operation of Manufacture whatever

having been performed thereon at such Mill; any Thing in the said ACt contained to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enaCted, That no Permit shall be granted, or be valid, for the Removal of any

Snuff Work from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, except from the entered Premises of

the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, where the fame was laid down, to the Mill, for the Purpose of

being ground into Snuff $ and if any Snuff Work flnlll be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from

any

4

