4h'D. 1793. ving Annoying tricelinio terrio Georgii III. C. 29.

satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enforcing a Contribution amongst such Sureties, in

an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and so from Tune

to Time, until such Contribution shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and that in every

inch Cafe, upon the Application of any Sureties or Surety to the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes

aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause the respe£live Claims of such Sureties or Surety respectively, and

the Sums to be recovered from such Principals or Sureties respeAtively, their and every of their Heirs, Ex-

ecutors, or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered

shall be distributed in an equal Proportion, according to the Sums for which each Surety respectively shall

have been bound in the fame Obligation, and lb from Time to Time as the Cafe (hill require ; and there-

upon the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under

their Hands, shall from Time to Time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums as they shall have

so adjusted and settled, to be respectively recovered from and paid to such Persons respectively as they shall

specify in such Warrant or Warants, under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in tills Act

contained as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enaCted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any

such Obligation as aforesaid, against any such Principals or Principal, their or his Heirs, Executors, or Ad-

jninistrators, for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, and

against any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators as aforesaid, for the Be-

nefit of any Co-Sureties or Co-Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole

Sum which shall have been advanced to fuchPrincipals or Principal shall have been repaid ; and in case any

Sureties or Surety shall become bound, by distinct Obligations or Obligation, for the fame Persons or Person,

and for or on Account of the fame Advancement, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in

like Manner as well for the Benefit of as against such Sureties or Surety, and against such Principals or

Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the fame Obligation.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Wares and Merchandizes deposited with the said Commis-

sioners, under the Authority and for the Purposes of this A61, shall be for such Purposes vested in the said

Commissioners by the Name of The Com?niffjoners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bil/sy and that the said

Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, and that no

Action or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on ac-

count of thisAfl, in the Name of their Secretary for the 'Lime being, shall abate or be discontinued by the

Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Adtof such Secretary without the Consent of the said Com-

missioners ; but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plain-

tiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit as the Cafe may be ; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against

the said Commissioners, colledtively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in one of the said

Courts of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such Court hrft had and obtained, and upon such Terms and

Conditions as the said Courts shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted. That all A£h, Matters, and Things which the said Commissioners

appointed by this Act are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, shall and may be done and exe-*

cuted by any seven or more of them, unless the fame shall be otherwise specially provided by this Act

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directers of the Bank of England shall,

and they are hereby required, to open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners, hereby appointed,

under the Title of Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills, and carry to the Credit of such Ac-

count the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank ; and whensoever the said

Commissioners shall have advanced orient any of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this

Act to any Person or Persons, the said Commissioners shall, at fomeTime before the Sums contained therein

shall be to be repaid, deliver to such Person or Persons, at his or their Request, one or more Certificate or

Certificates under their Hands, specifying the Value of every such Exchequer Bill, the respective Dates

thereof, and the Times when they respectively will become payable by virtue of this A61; and the said Cash-

iers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such last-mentioned Certificate or Certificates,

by the Space of fifteen Days or more before liich Exchequer Bills shall become payable, accept and receive

from the Person or Persons producing the fame the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, together

with such Interest, to be computed from the Date thereof to the Time of Payment as aforesaid, and at the

Foot of such last-mentioned Certificate or Certificates acknowledge the Receipt of the said Agonies ; and that

whentoever the said Commissioners shall, by their Warrant or Order, have directed such Monies to be raised

or levied by Sale of any Wares or Merchandizes deposited by virtue of this Adr, or by any Proceedings on

any Securities taken by virtue thereof, in Default of such Payment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall

deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame respectively a like Certificate as aforesaid, and further

specifying therein the Amount of the Monies to be so raised or levied, and the Substance of such Warrant or

Order to raile or levy the same ; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or any one of them, shall, upon the Pro-

dudlion of such last-mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Officer or Officers the Monies so

raised or levied in Satisfaction of the Payments whereof Default shall be so made as aforesaid, and at the Foot

of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and every such

Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and by them

entered in proper Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and the said Commissioners, or any

two or more of them, shall attest the fame under their Hands, and return the fame to the Person or Per-

(ans producing the fame at the said Office and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any

32r

Om villi .inert

tray order

Clums of Sure-

ties to be al-

jufted, .nd I'rru

cess to be issued.

for Recovery

thereof.

Process may

issue agiinlt

Principals for

the Benefit of

Sureties, &c.

Dspofits to be

vested in the

Commissioners,

who may sue

and be sued in

the Name c£

their Secretary.

Seven Commis-

sioners may Act.

B.ink to open

an Account with

the Commission-

ers.

Commissioners

to grant Certi-

ficates of Bills

advanced.

Bank on Pro-

duftion of such

Certificate1, to

give Receipt#

for the Prin-

cipal Sums

therein con-

tained, and

Intei eft.

When Money

/hall 1 e levied

by S lie of De-

posits, See. the

Com million ere

to deliver to Uie

Off.cer a like

Certificate, on

Production of

which, the Bank

to give a R e.

ceipt for the

Money.

Receipts to be

enured and at*.

