C. 67—7 2.ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

sioners of the Admiralty, who are directed to inquire into the fame, and to grant Redress if such Complaint

be justly founded, and to take especial Care that this and the other Acts, ot which this is an Abstraftr be-

punctually carried into Execution.

CAP. LXVin.

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Converlion

Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cafes j and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High

Roads and Bridges in the said County.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the

Towns of Manchejlcr and Salford, in the County Palatine of 'Lancaster \ for widening and rendering

more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages \ and for other Purposes therein.

mentioned.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parifo of Tewkejbtay

in the County of Gloucester.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain Common or Wade Ground, called Bolton Moor, and

other the Commons and Wade Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster \ and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Paf-

sages, and Places within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns

with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances,

Incroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within?

the said Towns.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie

Life and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part

of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick ujpotr

Tweed, for a limited Time. 4

4 IT 7 HEREAS his most Excellent Majesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent, bearing.

4 VV Date the twenty-sixth Day of February in the twenty-fird Year of his Reign, did give and grant

• unto James Turner of the City of Westminster, Gentleman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

4 the foie Privilege and Authority to make, ufc, and vend a certain Yellow Colour, the Invention of the

4 said James Turner, for painting in Oil or Water, inakingJWhite Lead, and of separating the Mineral Al-

4 kaline from Common Salt, all to be performed in one Angle Process, within that Part of Great Britain

4 called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of four-

1 teen Years: And whereas the Yellow Colour u( in this Country for painting Coaches and various other

4 Things was before that Period imported from Abroad ; but the Yellow Colour invented by the said Janies

4 Turner (and which is composed of British Materials only) has been found to be far fujierior to the Foreign,

4 and is also Ids expensive ; and has not only in a great Measure superseded the Necellity of importing that

4 Article, but is now exported in considerable Quantities to mod Parts of Europe, the East and West Indies,

4 and America, by which it has become an Object of Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this King-

4 dom, and by the great Consumption of common Salt necessarily used in preparing the fame, the said ln-

4 vention will afford an Increase to the publick Revenue: The laid Invention has also rendered unnecessary

4 the Use of those noxious Colours, King’s Yeilow, and Orpiment, by which the Health of the Workmen.

4 have been frequently much injured: And whereas, notwithstanding the Benefit this Country will derive

4 from the said Invention, the said James Turner has been hitherto deprived of the Benefit he expected to have

4 received from his said Invention, by the Artifices of certain Chymists and Colourmen, who, taking Ad-

4 vantage of his Specification for preparing the said Yellow Colour, which he had caused to be inrolled In the

4 High Court of Chancery, agreeable to the Conditions of the said Letters Patent, and being in Possession of

4 the Channels of the Trade, have secretly invaded his Patent, and have supplied the Consumers with an in-

4 ferior Sort, or an Imitation of the said Yellow Colour, without the Consent of the said Janies Turner, by

4 which Means the Sale of the Yellow Colour invented by him hath been almod totally taken from him, par-

4 ticularly in the Years one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 eight, and one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Whole of his Receipts at those Periods not

4 amounting to the unavoidable Expellees incurred in the Preparation of the said Yellow Colour: And the

4 said James Turner having instituted various Actions and Suits in Law and Equity, against several of the

4 Persons who invaded his Patent, one of such Actions came to Trial, and he obtained two Verdicts therein.

4 (a new Trial having been granted), and he also obtained an Injunction in the Court of Exchequer in

4 consequence thereof 3 but the prosecuting such Actions and Suits were attended with much Expence and

4 Loss

