l77

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C.57—67.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction-house, in and for the City and County

of Edinburgh.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of -

lamshire in the County of York, and within fix Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and

.Apprentices.

’ CAP. LIX.

An Avftf for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of ,

in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River , neat to the City of

CAP. LX.

An Act for building a Bridge, near the Ferry over the River Ouze, from , in the Weft Riding of the

County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of in the Last Riding of the said

County.

CAP. LXL

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street

called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Chr Church in the County of , and certain other

Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish; and for removing and preventing Encroach-

ments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for (hutting up Part of an Alley or Passage leading from

Bull Alley to Marygold Court.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other

public Passages and Places, within the King’s Town of in the County of Kent; for removing

and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying

the faicLTown with Water} and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone.

CAP. LXIII.

- An Act for repealing an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabethy intituled. An

Ail for paving of the City of Chichester, and for the better'paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets,

Lanes, and publick Ways and Passages within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and pre-

- venting Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Bo-

rough of Dealy in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and

the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads,

arid Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing

the fame, by passing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of

Leicester.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to enable the Earl of Egremonl to make and maintain the River Rather navigable from the Town of

Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopharn,

and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of

Sussex, and for other Purposes.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a

further Sum of Money to compleat the said Navigation.

31 Geo. III.

A a

CAP.

