A.D. 1794* ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 81. 603

ditions, as is herein-before provided in Cafes of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot, it shall be

lawful for the said Alderman or Deputy, and Common Council, so to do ; and the said Commissioners shall

cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Ward as shall be

then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for the said Ward ; and if the said Alderman, Deputy,

or Common Council, shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

eight Pounds each Man, to serve in the Militia for such Ward, it shall be lawful for such Alderman, or De-

puty, and the major Part of the Common Council, to make an equal Rate upon all and every Person and

Persons liable to serve or find a Substitute or Substitutes who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or

enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement or Hereditament within

the said Ward, (regard being had in making the said Rate to the Abilities of, and likewise to the Relit paid

by, the said several Person or Persons,) to reimburse themselves such Sums of Money as they shall have paid

to such Volunteers aforesaid; but no Person who shall have been chosen by Ballot, and shall have served,

found a Subiiitute, or paid the Penalty for not finding a Substitute, shall be liable to pay any such Rate, un-

lefsitshall be his Turn by Rotation to be ballotted for again.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and shall appoint one proper Person to

be Adjutant to each Regiment of the said Militia, and such Person, if appointed out of his Majesty’s other

Forces, shall, during his Service in the said Militia, preserve his Rankin the Army, in the same Manner as

if he had continued in that Service; and the said Commissioners may give any such Adjutant a Commission

of Lieutenant or Lnfign, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for a

Lieutenant or Lnfign ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on the Recommendation of the Co-

lonel or Commanding Officer of either Regiment, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment to the Rank of

Captain by Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served five Years in the Rank of Lieutenant, either in the

Militia or in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification re-

quired by this Act for Captains : Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall

be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the fame it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion, and whe-

ther of the Militia, or of his Majesty’s other Forces such Adjutant hath served in the Rank of Lieutenant,

and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adju-

. tant so appointed to the Rank of Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise,

be entitled to Rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the said Militia ; nor shall, by virtue

of such Appointment, be entitled to receive any greater Pay than that of a Lieutenant, together with his Pay

as Adjutant.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may appoint a Quarter Master to each

Regiment, and also a Regimental Clerk to each Regiment, who shall execute the Office of Pay Master:

Provided always, that no Adjutant, Surgeon, Quarter-Master, or Regimental Clork shall be capable of

being appointed Captain of a Company; and no Person holding a Commission of Captain of a Company

shall be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Quarter Master, or Regimental Clerk: Provided

nevertheless, that any Regimental Clerk maybe appointed Captain Lieutenant.

of

Any Sums paiJ

Volunteer?, not

exceeding 81.

e^ch, mav be

levied on ihc

Wa;d.

Commissioner*

may appoint an

Adjutant to each

Regiment, who

if from 1 he Ar-

my, rray pre-

feive his Ranh ;

and may h ;ld a

Subaltern’s

Cemmission, and

have Brevet

Rink of Cap-

tain though not

qualified, &c»

Commissioners

may appoint a

Quarter Master

and Regimental

Clerk.

No Adjutant,

&c. to be ap-

pointed Captain

a Company, &c.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, and Quarter Master to be

appointed by virtue of this Act, shall receive the usual Pay of such Offices and Appointments, or such

other Allowances as the said Commissioneis shall think proper and adequate to the Service; and that

Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum and Fife Majors, and Drummers and Filers, shall re-

ceive the fame Pay as those of the Rest of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom ; and the said Commis-

sioners may make such Civil Appointments as they shall fee necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act

into execution.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or

taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant,

Regimental Clerk, Pay Master, Quarter Master, or Surgeon in the said Militia, but that the fame shall

never the Id's continue; and instead of the Oath directed by the A<£t (for puniflnn* Aiutiny and Desertion,

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters) to be taken by such Officer, he shall take the

following Oath :

The Pay of Ad-

jutant?, Clc-rkf,

Quarter M

S;rjeaut M*j )r?.

See.

Civil Appoint-

ments may be

marie.

Of!ir?r< r,n Half

Pav fervirp

Lieu cnan s, A*r,

to receive ir

taking the fol-

lowing

c< j A. B. do (wear, That I had not, between any Place or Employment oath#

“ * of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, befiaes my Allowance of Half Pay, as a reduced

<c in late Regiment of favc and except my Pay

as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, Pay Master, Quarter Master, or Surgeon, [as the

Cafe maybef\ for serving in the said Militia.”

And the taking of the said Oath, without taking any other Oath, shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to

receive his Half Pay.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be appointed to the said Proportions of

Militia as follows; (that is to say,) there shall be three Serjeants, three Corporals, and two Drummers to Non-c m-mf*

each Company, with the Addition of one Drummer to each of the Flank Companies ; and such Serjeants, fionc^ Officers

Corporals, and Drummers shall be new clothed, when not in actual Service, once in two Years; and all

Serjeants and Corporals shall take the following Oath; (that is to say,) cWhrl ° F

I A.B.

C.ooooie

