421

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. ' C. 65, 66.

by the said Canal in Lighters to any such Port or Creek as aforesaid, at the Weft End of the said Canal, or

on the Weft Coast of Scotland^ is made subject to by the said Act, or by an Act, passed in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign cf his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Bri-

tain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The

Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters, fir

the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually

manning his Majesty’s Navy.—[17ch June 1793.]

c IT J HEREAS divers injurious Proceedings have lately been had in France, in Derogation of the

Honour of his Majesty’s Crown, and of the just Rights of his Subjects: And whereas several

c unjust Seizures have been there made of the Ships and Goods of his Majesty’s Subjects, contrary to the

4 Laws of Nations, and to the Faith of Treaties: And whereas the said Acts cf unprovoked Hostility have

4 been followed by an open Declaration of War against his Majesty, and his Ally the Republick of the

4 United Provinces .* And whereas his Majesty, by his Order in Council, dated the eleventh Day of February

4 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, was pleased to order, that General Reprisals be granted

4 against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of France, so that as well his Majesty’s Fleet and Ships, as also all

4 other Ships and Vessels that should be commissionated by Letters of Marque, or General Reprisals, or other-

4 wife, by his Majesty’s Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

4 shall and lawfully may seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods belonging to France, or to any Persons being

4 Subjects of France, or inhabiting within any of the Territories of France, and bring the fame to Judge-

4 ment: Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty’s Ships of W ar, and of the

4 Owners and Officers and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vessels having Commissions or Letters

4 of Adarque; and for inducing all British Seamen, who maybe in any Foreign Service, to return into this

4 Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual fee 11 ring and extending the

4 Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen,

Marines, and Soldiers, on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty’s Pay, shall have the foie In-

terest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes which they have taken since

the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or shall hereafter take during

the Continuance cf Hostilities against France, after the fame shall have been adjudged lawful Prize to his

Majesty in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty’s Plantations in

America, or elsewhere, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of such Captures, to be divided in

liich Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty hath, by his Proclamation of the seventeenth Day

of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for

those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Flag Officers. Commanders, and

other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty’s

Pay, being armed, officered, and employed in his Majesty’s Service, who shall take any Fortress upon the

Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure belonging to the

State, or to any publick Trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, upon the Land,

or any Ship or Vessel, or Merchandizes laden on board the fame, in any Creek, River, Haven, or Road, be-

longing to and defended by the said Fortress upon the Land, shall have the foie Interest and Property of and

in all and every such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Mer-

chandize, and Treasure, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Admiralty, duly authorized as aforesaid, (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other

Cafes of Prize,) to be distributed by his Majesty in such Proportions and Manner as herein-before is

mentioned.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That in all conjunct Expeditions of the Navy and Army against any

such Fortress upon the Land, directed by Instructions from his Majesty, the Flag and General Officers and

Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, acting in such conjunct Expedition,

shall have such proportionable interest and Property as his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, shall think fit

to order and direct, in all and every the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandizes, and

Treufure, belonging to the State, or to any publick Trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of

Great Britain, which shall be found in any such Fortress, and also in all and every Ship and Ships, Vessel

and Vessels, with their Arms, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all and every the Mer-

chandize and other Effedls on board, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River, or Creek, belong-

ing to and defended by such Fortress, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize.

IV. Provided likewise, and be it enacted,’That if no Instructions shall have been given by his Majesty for

the Division of the Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes, to be captured in any Expedition against any Fortrels

on the Land, it shall be lawful for the respective Comn>anders in Chief of the Fleet and of the Army em-

ployed,

32 Gen. nr.

Cap. 50,

Order In Coun-

cil of Feb. 11,

1793*

Officers and

Men of his Ma*

jesty’s Ships of

War to have all

Ships and Car-

goes taken, or

vs h:ch may be

tsletr, since

Feb. 11, 1795,

divided agree-

ably to I’rocla-

mation of April

J7, 1793»

cr to be entitled

to Arm?, Scc.

taken in any

Fortress upon

LanJ, and to

Vellcls, &c. in

any C»eek de-

fended iheieby,

See.

Where the Navy

and Army aft

join iy against a

Fortress, the

Prop riion or*

Prizes to be

h s Majesty/h.U

dircil;

t ut if no In-

struftions are

given by his

Majesty, the re-

