A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii IIL C. 69. 565

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors*—[i ith "June 1794.]

4 \T WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which Acts of Insolvency produce

4 VV to Trade and Credit, it may be convenient, in the present Condition of the Gaols in this King-

4 dom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty Be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

7'emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar,

from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, in any County, Rid-

ing, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty within this Kingdom, shall, is and are hereby required to

make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or

Persons who, upon the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were

under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the Time of making out every such Lift shall

be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of

any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum

or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money; and an Account of the Time when such

Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the

Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whole Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are

detained; and shall deliver the fame to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter

Session, or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment

thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively,

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the

King's Bench Prison, and every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty, shall

severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath, in the

open Court of such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the Effect

following ; (that is to say,)

44 J A. £., upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and

44 declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted in the Lift

44 by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, really

44 and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of on the

44 twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the Suit or Suits of the several

44 Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned.”

Which the said Justices, at the first or second General Quarter Session or General Session aforesaid, or

at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required

to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath, hereinbefore diredlea to be taken by the said

Warden and Marshal, and other Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at

the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and

sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and the Words of the Oath to be taken by every such War-

den, Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift

which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively, in

open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of

this Act*, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the

Peace of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any

such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of

all or any Prisoner or Prisoner? therein named, and so as the fame may, from Time to Time, be seen and

examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and

Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, ten Days at leall before the first or second Ge-

neral Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act for the

County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty in which any Gaol or Prison shall be, or to

which the fame shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the

most frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance into every such Prison, three or more true Copies of

the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said General

Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, on the twelfth Day of Febru-

ary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were charged in any Gaol or Prison for any Debt or Debts,

Sum or Sums of Money, which did not amount in the Whole to a greater Sum than one thousand Pounds,

and whofdName or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who shall take

the Oath hereinafter mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to be done by him

or her by this Act, shall be for ever released, and discharged and exonerated, in such Manner as hereafter is

provided.


Gaolers to make

out Lifts of Pri-

foners who, on

Feb. 12, 179/.,

and at the Time

of making our,

were in Custody

for Debt.

Lifts to be deli-

vered to the

Quarter Session.

Warden of the

Fleer, &c. to

take an Oath

on delive ing in

Lifts.

Oath.

Oaths to be ad*

ministered in

open Court, and

entered at Bot-

tom of Lifts.

Lift' to be kept

by Clerks of the

Peace, which

may be exa-

mined gratis.

Three Copies of

Lift* to be fixed

up in each Pri-

son, Ate*

Prisoners on

F< b. .a, 1794,

t r Pcb’s under

100 d ^ hose

Name- /hall he

in er in Lifts,

t . forming to

this Act, to be

diJcbarged,

