420

When Oa meal

shall be under

j }3. per Boll, a

Jloun'yof i?. 6d.

to be paid on

Exportation;

bu n:»t to be

exported when

jt or above 14s.,

1 xc pt as ‘et

forth in Table

(C) of recited

a a.

Such Oatmeal to

he subject to the

]< ules of 3r

Geo. 111. Cap.

30, &c.

When the Prices

of Com* &c

shall be at or

above the Pikes

in Table (H) of

rrciied A;t,c«:r-

tain Quantities

nuy be expoil?d

to Hudson’s Bay,

and also to

Sierra Leone.

In Cafes of War,

tec. his Majesty

in Council may

:.llow certain ad-

ditional Quanti-

fies of Corn, <Tcc*

ta be exported.

Sher’fV and

Stewart Deputes

in Scotland to

ch?rge theiv ac-

tual Expences.

Corn, &c. may

be imported and

conveveJ from

Borrow ftonefs,

through the

Forth and Clyde

Canal to the

Weft Coast of

Scotland on Pay-

ment of the Low

Duties.

C. 65, Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.T). 1793.

XV. And whereas, by the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,.-

the Exportation tf Oatmeal is governed and regulated according to the Price of Oats; and it is expe-

4 client that the Exportation thereof should be governed and regulated according to the Price of Oatmeal;*.

be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Price of Oatmeal, taken and ascertained according to the Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions in the said Act made and provided with respect to Oats, shall be under thirteen

Shillings per Boll, there shall be allowed and paid on the Exportation of such Oatmeal in Britishj-built Ships,

owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, a Bounty cf one Shilling and Sixpence for every fudi

Boll; and whenever the Price cf Oatmeal, taken as aforesaid, shall be at or above fourteen Shillings per

Boll, then the lame shall not be exported, or loaden or laid on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be

exported, except to the Places from the Ports and in the Quantities mentioned and set forth in Table (C) in

the said-recited Act, under the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act made and provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Oatmeal shall be subject and liable

to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, on the Removal or Shipping thereof

as Oatmeal is (abject and liable to by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year cf his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, and of this present Act, and also the said recited Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the

Reign ( f his present Majesty.

XVII. And whereas the Quantity of Corn and other Articles permitted by the aforesaid Act to be ex-

4 ported in one Year to Hudson’s Bay, as often as the Prices of the different Sorts cf Corn are at or above

the Prices contained in the 'Fable (B) in the said Act, have been found infufiacient ;* be it further enacted,

That as often as the Prices cf Corn or other Articles shall be at or above the Prices contained in the said

Table (B), it shall and may be lawful to export from the Port of London to Hudjcn’s Bay, for the Benefit

of the Hudson’s Bay Company, and their Servants redding there, any Quantity of Corn or other Articles,

not exceeding five hundred Tons of Wheat Meal or Flour, nor one thousand Quarters of Oats, Oatmeal,

Grots, Barley, Peas, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, in one Year, under the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and.

Restrictions provided in the said Act respecting Corn and other Articles lb exported toHudson’s Bay^iov the-

Benefit of the Hudsons Bay Company, and their Servants residing there.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as the Prices of the different Sorts of Corn shall be at

or above the Prices contained in the said Table (B), it shall be lawful to export from the Port of London to

the Settlement cf Sierra Leone, for the Benefit of the Sierra Leone Company, and the Settlers residing there,

any Quantity cf Corn, not exceeding twenty one Tons of Wheat Flour or Oatmeal, and twenty-five Quar-

ters cf Barley and Peas, in one Year, under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions as are

provided in the said Act respecting Corn and other Articles so exported to the British Forts, Castles, or Fac-

tories in Africa^ by the Committee of the Company cf Merchants trading to Africa.

XIX. And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the

4 Advice cf his Privy Council, during such Times as Parliament shall not be fitting, in certain Cafes, to.

4 allow, in Addition to the Quantities specified in Table (C) in the said Act, the Exportation of any of the.

4 Sorts cf Corn, or of the other Articles in the said Act before mentioned, not exceeding a limited Quantity

in any one Year: And whereas it is expedient that his Majesty should have the fame Power during such

4 Time as Parliament shall be fitting :* Be it further enacted, 'That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by

and with the Advice cf his Privy Council, at all Times, in Cafes of War, Hurricane, Dearth, or sudden.

Distress, to allow, in Addition to the Quantities specified in the fame Table (C), and in Addition to the

Quantities herein-before permitted to he exported to Hudson’s Bay and to the Settlement cf Sierra Leonty

the Exportation c f any of the Sorts of Corn, or of the other Articles aforesaid, in any Quantities not exceed-

ing six thousand Quarters of each of the several Sorts of unground Corn, and three thousand Tons of each

of the several Sorts cf ground Corn or Biscuit in any one Year, under the same Rules and Regulations,

Condition? and Restrictions, in such Cafe provided in the said Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his pre-

sent Majesty's Reign, or in this present Act.

XX. And whereas the Allowance of twenty Shillings given by the said Act, passed in the thirty-first Year

4 cf his present Majesty’s Reign, to the Sheriff and Stewart Deputes in Scotland for each Monthly Return

4 made by them of the Prices of Corn and of Oatmeal within their respective Districts, is not Efficient to

4 defray the Expences incurred by them in summoning Juries and Witnesses, and paying the Officers and

4 Clerks for their Trouble in carrying the said last-mentioned Act into Execution;* be it further enacted.

That the said Sheriff and Stewart Deputes, over and above the Sum of twenty Shillings allowed to them by

the said last-mentioned Act, for making out each Return, shall be entitled to charge in their Accounts in the

Exchequer in Scotland, the real and actual Expences incurred by them from and lince the Commencement

of the said last-mentioned Act, or shall be hereafter incurred in summoning Juries and Witnesses, and in car-

rying the said last-mentioned Act into Execution.

XXI. And be it further enacted, 'That if any Ship or Vessel shall arrive at Borrowftonefs, laden with Corn,

Meal, or Flour dellined for the Weft Coast of Scotland, and that the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee

thereof, or his Agent, shall be desirous to convey such Corn, Meal, or Flour, in Lighters, by or through the

Canal called The Forth and Clyde Canal Navigation, to any Port or Creek at the Weft End of the said Ca-

nal, or on the Weft Coast cf Scotland, such Corn, Meal, or Flour may then be imported on Payment of the

Duties called The Low Duties; and it shall and may be lawful to unship such Corn, Meal, or Flour into a

Lighter or Lighters, and therein to convey the fame by or through the said Canal to such Port or Creek as

aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the like Conditions, Regulations, Securities, and Restrictions, in allRefpefts,

as Corn, Meal, or Flour which shall be unshipped at Grangemouth in the County of Stirlings to be conveyed;

*3 by

