3°4

Act to continue

Sii force till

April s> 1794-5

but may be re-

pealed this Ssf-

fwn.

Clerk'of the

Parliaments to

indorse on

r.veiy Act the

Time it receives

the Royal Af-

sent, which shall

be its Com-

mmtsmen*,

where no other

is prodded.

C. 10-—14. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793-

Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respe£ling the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for,

prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed ; and that the

Produce thereof shall bedisposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively ; any

Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and till the End of the then next Scilion of Parliament, and

no longer. # -

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied,

or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XI.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Quali-

fications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes ; and to in-

demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid,

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped ; to give further Time to such Persons

as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and

Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have negle£led to

transmit Defer!ptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law,

and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking effeit from a Time prior to the

passing thereof.

4 RE A S every Act of Parliament, in which the Commencement thereof is not dire£I$d to be

4 V V from a specifick Time, doth commence from the first Day of the Session of Parliament in which

4 such Act is passed : And whereas the fame is liable to produce great and manifest Injustice;’ for Re-

medy whereof be it enacted, and it is hereby enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

ailembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Clerk of the Parliaments shal! indorse (in English) on

every Act of Parliament, which shall pass after the eighth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three, immediately after the Title of such Act, the Day, Month, and Year, when the fame shall have

passed, and shall haye received the Royal Afient; and such Endorsement shall be taken to be a Part of such

Act, and to be the Date of rts Commencement, where no other Commencement shall be therein provided.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase,

and fell Annuities upon or for Lives.

44 Act 6th Geo. I. and Charter 22d June 1720, granted to the Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring*

44 Ships at Sea, and going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry, and Charter 29th April 1721, re-

44 cited.—The Royal Exchange Ajfurance for injuring Ships, and the Royal Exchange Ajfurance for in-

44 furing Houses and Goods from h ire, authorized to grant Annuities for Lives or on Survivorship; im-

44 powered to make Bye-Laws ; and may assume the Name of The Royal Exchange Ajfurance Annuity Com-

* pa?iy, for the Purposes of this Act only; and have a Common Seal. —Power given to receive the

41 Money so subscribed, for the Purchase of the Annuity. To hold Land, charged with Annuities pur-

44 chafed, without Licence in Mortmain. The Capital for securing Annuities, when 1,000/. paid to be '

44 laid out in the publick Funds. Certificates of the Deaths of Annuitants to be lodged in the Office, with

44 an Account of the Sums paid for the Annuities, &c. In case any Annuitant shall die on Ship Board, the

44 Certificate shall be valid, if signed by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Annuitant, or if

44 such legal Proof shall be made of his Death or Burial as the Cafe will admit, and the Particulars advertise^

44 in the London Gazette. Powers of the Corporation re(pe£ling Annuities discharged by Surrender or Re-

44 signation. 'fables of the Rates of Annuities to be provided. Agreement for Annuities to be made

44 conformable thereto. In case any Annuity shall be unpaid for six Months after Demand and Notice,

44 and such Annuity, and all Arrears, not paid or tendered to be paid within six Months, the Annuitant

44 entitled to his, her, or their principal Sum. Annuities granted, fold, or purchased, to be deemed PersonaL

44 Estate, and by Alignment of the Allignees to be enabled to sue for the same in their own Names,

44 The Corporations may plead the General Ifiue. Forging the Seal is made felony. Publick Act.”

9 CAP.

