72 C. 3—5. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

Preamble.

From April 5,

1:91, an addi-

tional Duty of

10 per Cent,

upon the gross

Amount, to be

raided upon all

AUdl'menis

mad*: after that

Lhv urder any

A<fl now in

force, by the

Coir, mi Hi oners

for Taxes;

and also upon

the said Assess*

snents ‘or the

Half Year end-

ing April 5,

1791.

Not to extend to

the Land l ax

CAP. III.

An Act to give further Time to John Machride Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recog-

nizances, in respect of his Petition presented to the Hous* of Commons, complaining of an undue Election

and Return for the Borough of Ply?nouth, in the County of Devon.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue and amend so much of two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates

to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to the authorising his Majesty to permit the

Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the low

Duties.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under

the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

c Most Gracious Sovereign,

C Ilf/E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Suhjcfts, the Commons of Greet Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, being dclirous of railing the nccelfary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s extraordinary

4 Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and

4 Duties herein -after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be

it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand 1 even hundred and ninety-one, there shall

be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, throughout the Kingdon of

Great Britain, upon every Assessment to be made after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for or in respect of

the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, an

additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the grols Amount of all the said

former Rates and Duties charged by such Aflellment, except as herein-nfter is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

Use of his Majesty, upon every Aflellment made or to be made for the Year ending the fifth Day of April

one thousand (even hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in

force, for or in respect of the Rates and Duties before mentioned, an additional Rate or Duty after the

Rate of ten Founds per Centum upon the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by

such Assessment, except as herein-after is excepted, to be computed for the Half Year ending the said fifth

Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional Rate or Duty of ten

Pounds per Centum, the Amount of the Duty commonly called Land Tax, granted to his Majesty in

2nd by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to kis Majesty by a

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Set vice of the Year one thousand jiven hundred and ninety,

or granted, or to be granted, by any Act of the present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year

one thousand leven hundred and ninety-one, or that shall or may be granted by any Act or Acts of Par-

nor to the Du-

ti' s on inha-

bited Hoiifu,

granted by

24 Ger. 3.C. 38,

Ntw Duties to

te paid in addi-

tien to tbc Du-

ties on HowJcs,

&c. by 6 Geo, 3.

c. 38.; on in-

habi  Hi>uler,

by 19 Geo. 3.

e 59.5 on Wag.

g mis, &c. by

23 Geo.3. c.66.j

0.1 Horset, by 24

O-mmiflicners,

&c. unaer the

before nruniion-

cd to put

tbi< Act in Ex-

ecution.

withstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Rates and Duhes here-

by imposed asaloiefaid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition 10, the refjwftive Rates and Duties

on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty ; upon inhabited Houses, grained by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty;

upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the

Reign of his said Majesty; upon Horses, granted by two several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-

ninth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty ; upon Aiale and Female Servants, granted by an Act of the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his laid Aiajtfty; and upon Coaches and other Carriages, granted by

two several Acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Ycais of the Reign of his said Majesty.

Geo. 3. c. 31. and 29 Geo. 3. c.49.} cn Savan.s, by 25 Geo. 3. c.43.5 and cnCoacbes, &c. by 25 Geo. 3. c. 47, andz^Geo. 3.c.49.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commtifioners authorised or ap-

pointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed, to put in Execution the said several Acts before men-

tioned, relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, on the Amount of which

ditional Rates or Duties are hereby impoftJ,

. the said act-

shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act; and

that

