The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Parish of Ulverjione, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

to a Place called IVeint End, near the Town of Vlveijionc

aforesaid.

106. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent,

at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County

of York, and making proper Approaches thereto.

107. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last

Stffion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making and

maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in

the County of Westmorland, to Weft Houghton, in the

County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch

from the said intended Canals at or near Borwick, to or near

Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from,

at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury,

in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for

making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or

near Galgate, to GlaJJon Dock, in the said County Paiatine

of Lancaster. '

to8. An Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving

all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redmfs and

Swinefieet, in the Parish of Whitgifi, in the Weft Riding

of the County of York.

109. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain

Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including

the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) JVe/ion, Moulton,

JVhaplode, Holbech, Fleets Gedney, Sutton, Saint Mary, and

Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Hoi-

land, in the County of Lincoln.

110. An Act for making and maintaining a Nav igable Canal

from the River Caller, inr the Township of Warmfield

cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnfcy, and from

thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawtkornc,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York-, and certain

Railways, and other Roads to communicate therewith.

111. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Collieries at *bit>ley and Weflhallam, in the County

.of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by

Dale, in the said County.

j 12. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the JVorecjler and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in

the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford

upon Avon; and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said

intended Canal.

113. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cana!

from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Town-

ship of Rockwardinc Wood, in the County of Salop, to the

Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County.

114. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Anxholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in

the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caijlor, in the

said County.

115. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cana l

from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of

Swinton, to or near the Town of Bar fey, in the Parish of

Silk/lone, in the Weft Riding of the County of York; and

certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal.

116. An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt

Marshcs and Low Lands within the several Parishes of

Spalding, Moulton, JVhaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the

County of Lincoln \ and for preventing the fame Marshes

and Lands from being overflowed wich the Sea, and for

altering an Act passed in the thirty-first: Year of the Reign

cf his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and

inclosing the Commons, Marjhcs, Droves, We fie Llids, and

Groumlsy in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof,

failed Gedney P en, in the County of Lincoln.

117. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stajnforth,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York, to join and

communicate with the River Trent at or near Keadby, in

the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cur from the

said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of

Thorne, in the said Riding.

118. An Act for making dfeftual the Statute Labour in the

Shire of Inverncfs; and for levying Conversion Money in

lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulating, making,

and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire;

and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets

within the Royal burgh of Ir.vernf.

119. An Act to vary and extend the Line of the Canal au-

thorized to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-first

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from

the City of Hereford to the City 0/~Glou colter, with a Colla-

teral Cut from the same to the Town cf Newent, in the

County d/'Gloucester, and to amend the said Act.

120. An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and

for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in cer-

tain Cafes, and for otherwise regulating, making, and re-

pairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caith-

7UJS.

121. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the

Worce/ler and Birmingham Canal now making at or near

Sclly Oak, in the said County; and also certain Collateral

Cuts to communicate therewith.

122. An Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour

in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes,

in the County of Cornwall.

123. An Act for enlarging,deepening,deanfing, improving,

and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County

of Carnarvon.

124. An Act for rebuilding the Tron Church of the City of

Glasgow\ for opening certain Streets; for removing Ob-

strudtions in the Trongate Street; for building a Bridge

over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street ;

for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the

Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of

the said City; for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there ;

and for felling Part of the High or Calton Green, and also

the Glebe belonging to the Inner High dour eh, and Parish

of Glasgow.

125. An Act for enlarging, deepening, deanfing, improving,

and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of

Angle fey.

126. An Act for amending an Act made in the fourth Year

of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the

better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred'of

Biything, in the County of Suffolk, and for granting some

further Powers and Provisions for carrying the fame more*

effectually into Execution.

127. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the fourth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and

regulating the Application rf the Rents and Profits of the

Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame

Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Ob~

jests of Charity, of the Town of Bedford; and for the better

Management and Disposition of the said Eflatcs, and die

Rems and Profits thereof.

ie

