149

Ai D. 1791.' Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 46.

the Purpose of maintaining and supporting convi£led Prisoners, provided only that the Application of all

and every such Allowance shall be subject to such Limitations and Restrictions as may be contained in the

Rules and Orders herein directed to be made for the Government and Police of the said Houses.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Governor of the several Places of Confinement to be used as

Houses of Correction or Penitentiary Houses, and his or their Assistants, fha’l have the fame Powers over

the Offenders tobe confined therein, as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or of a Gaoler, and in like

Manner be answerable for the Escape cf any Offender within his Custody ; and moreover, the said Gover-

nor shall have Power to hear Complaints, and examine Persons touching Offences, and punish the fame

(except by Whipping) in such and the same Manner as the Governor of each Penitentiary t^ouse, directed

to be built by the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, is by the said Act impowered to

do; and in case of the Repetition of such Offences, or in case of Offences more.enormous, which the

said .Governor is not by this impowered to punish, the said Governor shall report the fame to the vi-

siting Justices, or one of them, for the Time being, to be appointed as herein-after is directed, and such

Justices, or one of them, shall have Power to inquire, upon Oath, and determine concerning all such Of-

fences so reported to them, and shall order such Offenders to be punished, either by moderate Whipping,

repeated Whippings, or by close Confinement, for any Term not exceeding one Month; and if any

Person ordered to hard Labour shall at any Time, during the Term for which he or she shall be so ordered,

break Prison, or (lull escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in the Conveyance to the fame,

or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Offender, or if any Person shall refeue

any Offender who shall be ordered to hard Labour, either during his or her Conveyance to the

Place of his or her Confinement, or whilst such Offender shall be in the Custody of the Person or Persons

under whose Care and Charge he or she shall be confined, or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in

any such Refeue, or if any Person having such Custody as an Aftistant shall voluntarily or negligently

permit such Offender to escape, orjf any Person shall, by supplying Arrns, Tools, Instruments, or Means

of Disguise, or otherwise in any Manner aid or aftift any such Offender in any Escape, or in any Attempt

to make any Escape, though no Escape be a£tu2lly made, every such Offence as aforesaid shall be punished

in the same Manner as the like Offence would be punishable under the before-mentioned Act of the nine-

teenth Year of his present Majesty, directing two National Penitentiary Houses to be built, if such had

been committed by or in respect to any Person ordered to hard Labour in either of the said two Penitentiary

Houses therein mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Provision made in and by the said Act of the nineteenth Year

of his present Majesty, for carrying on Prosecutions for Escapes, Attempts to escape. Breaches of Prison,

and Rescues, in the Cafe of Persons adjudged to either of the said Penitentiary Houses thereby directed to

be built, shall extend and be applied to any Prosecution for any Escape, Attempt to escape. Breach of Pri-

son, or Refeue, in the Cafe of any Person who under this Act shall be adjudged to any of the said

Penitentiary Houses.

4 V. And, for better preventing all Abuses, as well in the common Gaols as in the said Houses of Cor-,

4 redtion, or other Places of Confinement to be used as Penitentiary Houses/ be it further enacted, That

the Justices of the Peace shall, at every General or Quarter Sessions after the passing of this Act, appoint

two or more Justices Visitors of each of the said Gaols and other Places of Confinement; and such visiting

Jfuftices so respectively appointed shall, either together or ftngly, personally visit and inspect such Prison at

east three Times in each Quarter of a Year, and oftener if Occasion {hall require, and shall examine

into the State of the Buildings, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers, and the Treatment

and Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of their Earnings, and the Expences attending such Prison,

and in Matters of prefting Nectfiity, and within the Powers of their Commission as Justices, shall take

Cognizance thereon, and proceed to regulate and redress the fame; and at every General or Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, the said visiting Justices respectively shall make a Report in Writing, of the State

and Condi Jon of the fame, and of all Abuses which may occur to their Observation therein; and the

Chairman of the said Sessions is hereby required to call upon the said Vifilors for such Report: And it

shall be lawful for every Justice of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, of his own Accord,

and without being appointed a V ilitor, to enter into and to examine the fame at such Lime or Times, and

as often as he shall think fit, and if he shall discover any Abuses therein, he is hereby required to report

them in Writing at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or adjourned Sessions, which shall.

be holden for such County, Riding, or Division ; and when and as often as Report of any Abuses in the

said Place of Confinement shall be made by the said visiting Justices, or either of them, or by any other

Justice of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, the Abuses so reported shall be taken into im-

mediate Consideration by the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, at the General

or Quarter Sessions, or adjourned Sessions, at which such Report shall be made, and they are hereby re-

Suired to adopt the most effectual Measures for inquiring into and rectifying such Abuses, as soon as the

lature of the Cafe will allow.

4 VI. And, for establishing and enforcing a proper Police within the said Gaols, in and for the several

4 Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and TValesJ be it further enacted, That a Body of Rules,-

Orders, and Regulations, as Bye-Laws for the Government of the said Gaols, and of the Prisoners to be

therein confined, shall be framed, made, and confirmed by such Persons and in such Manner as is appointed

for County Gaols in general, by a Statute of the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief cf Debtors with rfpeft to the Imprfonment of their Persons; and

to oblige Debtors, who fall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time^ and for Sums not exceeding

what are mentioned in the Act^ to make Dfcovery r/] and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditor s

Benefit j

Powers and Du-

ly of Governors.

Penalty on Per-

fons efcapirg

from Confine-

ment, or afftft-

ing thrm to

escape, &c.

Provision of

19 Geo. 3. c.

74, for Profecu-

tionsfor Escapes,

&c. to extend to

this Att.

Visiting Justires

to be appointed,

&c.

Any JuPIce

may rxamine

Houses of Con-

fintmentj &c.

A buf-8 to be

rectified by the

Ju'licci in $l1'-

lien.

Bye Laws to be

made agreeable

to

3a Go. 2. c. iS.

