A.D. 1791. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 16—20.

visions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were repeated and re-enacted respectively in

the Body of this AdL

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Du-

ties (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be

Said into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distindUy and apart from all other Branches of the Publick

Levenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Ex-

chequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the

said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Money, so paid into the said

Receipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising or toarifeby the said

several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said Receipt, at any Time on or before

the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made Part of the

Fund called The Conjolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-two, all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said

Receipt after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such

other Rates and Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament for this

Purpose, during the Terms for which such Rates and Duties shall be respectively granted, be a Fund for the

Payment and Discharge of the several principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million

and thirty-three thousand Pounds, amounting to the Sum of one million eight hundred and thircy-three thou-

sand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of this Session of Parliament,

together with such Interestas shall by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal

Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and shall be issued,

applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal Sums of eight hundred thou-

sand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and Interest to become due thereon as afore-

said, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VIIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said principal Sums

of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Poundsy and all Interest to be-

come due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said F und to be efta-

bliffied as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal-Sums of eight hundred

thousand Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest as aforesaid, and Publi-

cation thereof in the Manner to be directed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, the said Rates and

Duties hereby imposed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; and all

the Rules and Regulations of this Act shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the Re-

covery of any Arrears of the said Rates and Duties which may at that Time have accrued or grown due, or

to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called"

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-one.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the Surfaces of the Streets, and other Publick

Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordejley, in the County of Warwick ; and for removing and

preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Incroachments, and regulating the driving of Carts and other

Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandises therein.

CAP. xvur.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for paving, lightings cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other Publick Places,

within such Part of the PariJ).; of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the Wesi Side of

Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing Nuisances and Ohjirndiions therein; and for obliging the

Trustees for the Care of the said Road, to pave, repair, and clcarfe such Part of the said Road as is

therein described.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the thirty-

first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining'

and collediing the Poor s Rates> and for better regulating the Poor, in the PariJ)b of Saint Mary Magdalen

Bermondfeyyinthe County of Surrey, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XX.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Cottingham^

in the East Riding of the County of York ; and for amending an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common PaJlureSj

in the faicl Parish.

CAP.

79

Duties to be -

paid into the

Exchequer, and

kept apart from

other Monies.

Duties paid Into

the Exchequer

on or before

April 5, 1792,

to be carried tou

the Consolidated

Fund, and* after-

wards the Duties

to be applied in

Payment of

1,833,000 1. to

be raised by Ex-

chequer Bills.*

Upon Payment

of the said

1,833,000 I. and

Interest, the

Duties hereby

granted to cease*

