532

fniy enift ar><l

accept Cormr.it-

fion^ to fe’ve on

t he Continent ot

Europe, fee.

Such Officers

not en'i'.led to

H if 1 av, nor

a iy such 3< l:ier

1 i *b!<* to Penalty

for pr',tViTing

the i’opiih Re-

ligion.

Soch Tronps

ir ay be bnded in

Great V. Pain,

for c'-r..in Pur-

pose?. See. ;

but no more than

5,coo to be in

the Kingdom at

one Time.

Officers and Sol-

diers to be liable

to such Article!

of War as hi*

Majesty shall

eitaalish, dec.

Continuance of

A a.

23 Geo, in.

lap, 761 con-

tinued to June

*°>-*795#

So much of 10

Geo. III. Cap.

37, a* relates to

regulating Fee*

of Officers of

C. 43,44. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

or Letters of Service from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or from Persons duly authorized by h:s

M ajesty to grant the fame, (which Com millions it shall be lawful to grant.) to serve as Officers or as

Engineers in any Part of the Continent of Europe or in the Islands of Guenijt\\ Jerfy, Alderney, and Sark,

or in any Part of the Dominions of his late most Christian Majesty: Provided, T hat no such Officer or

Soldier shall be enabled by this Act to serve as an Officer, or Engineer, or Scldier, in any Place, except

on the Continent of Europe, or in any of the Islands of Guervjcy, Jersey, AlUierney, and Sark, or in any

Part of the Dominions of his late most Chriffian Majesty: Provided also, That no such Officer, when he

shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive Half Pay: Provided also, That no such Person as aforesaid shall

be liable to any Pain or 1'enahy for having enlisted as a Soldier in any such Regiments as aforesaid, by

reason of his having proteffed the Popish Religion, and not having declared the tame at the Time cf his

enlisting.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall be deemed necessary or expedient

to bring any inch Troops as aforesaid to any Port or Place in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Ren-

dezvous, or with a View to Operations Abroad, and it shall be deemed necessary or expedient to land such

Troops in any Part cf Great Britain, for Health or Exercise, it shall be lawful so to do, any Thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstand ng Provided always. That such Troops so landed shall not be

marched into the Country to any Distance greater than five Milts from the Sea Coast: Provided also.

That Notice of landing such Troops shall, within fourteen Days after such Landing, be given to both

Houses of Parliament, if Parliament shall be then assembled; and if not, then within fourteen Days after

the next Meeting of Parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That there shall never be at any one Time within this King-

dom a greater Number of Persons who shall have been enlisted under the Authority of this Act than five

thousand Men,

IV. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That all and every such Officers and

Soldiers respectively shall, whilst in his Majesty’s Service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such Articles

of War as his Majesty shall think fit to establish for the better Government of such Forces and for bringing

Offenders against the fame to Justice, and for constituting Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear, and

determine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and inflict Penalties by Sentence or Judg-

ment of the fame: Provided always. That no Officer or Soldier shall, by such Articles of War, be (ubjed

to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable

by an Act of this Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for tunishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters); nor for such Crimes are expressed to be so punifluble in

the said Act, in any Manner or under any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of the

said Act: Provided also, That every Person who shall be enlisted as a Soldier under the Authority of this

Act shall be attested in such Manner as his Majesty shall direct by such Articles of War, and not other-

wife; and that such Officers and Soldiers respectively shall take fuen Oath for their Fidelity, during thek

Continuance in his Majesty’s Service, as his Majesty shall in like Manner direct, and no other.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force and have Continuance during the Cud War,

and from the End thereof to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,/<?r establishing Courts

of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland*, and to revive and continue so much of

two Acts, made in the tenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, as re-

lates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and or the Naval Officers

in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of

Newfoundland.—[9th May 1794.]

c ^IT/HEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued;’ be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made

in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An At I for tjiablishing Courts of Judicature in the Island cf

Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent,) which was to continue in force until the tenth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the tenth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the tenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for continuing so much of an Act, made in the

third Tear of his present Majestys Reign intituled, 44 An Act to continue and amend two Acts, made tn the

44 twenty frjl and twenty-eighth Tears of his late Majestys Reign, f or encouraging the making of indice in

5 “ the

