Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791*

C.-46;

Preamble.

Justices in Sef-

fion to appoint a

Governor and

other Officers for

Houses of Cor-

testioc, dee.

and may re-

move them, See•

©fficen to give

Security for Per-

formance of

their Duties,

and may be pro-

ceeded against for

Neglect, dec.

7 Jac. 1. c. 4.

17 Geo. 1. c. 5.

Governors may

be compelled to

yi* PsHession.

Justices in Sef-

fion to make

Rules for Peni-

tentiary Houser,

&c*

19 Geo. 3. c.

74-

Rules to be sub-

vritted to the

Justices of Af-

fiie, for Con*

Srmation.

Rules may be

altered.

AQ not tn de-

prive Convifls

uf anyAllowance

made by Law.

' CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the better regulating of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement.

€ T?t)R the better Regulation of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement used as Houses of Correction

‘ JD or Penitentiary Houses, in and for the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, wiihin that Part of

4 Great Britain, called EnglandBe it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Justices of the Peace assembled at one or more Ge-

neral or Quarter Sessions for any County, Riding, or Division, or at any fj>ecial Adjournment thereof, held

for such express Purpose, of which Sessions or Adjournment publick Notice shall have b£en given in some

Newspaper circulating in such County, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace, and at which five Justices at ’

least shall be present, shall appoint a Governor or Talk Master, and such other Officers for every Place'

of Confinement used as a House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, in and for such County, Riding, or

Division, and with such Salaries and Allowances for the said Governor, and other Officers, as they the said

Justices, or the major Part of them, shall deem necessary, and to order or direct the said Salaries to be paid

out of the County Rate; and the said Justices shall from Time to Time have Power, at their General or

Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, to remove the Governor and other Officers of

the said Houses, and to appoint others m their Stead, and to increase or diminifti the Number of the Offi-

cers, exclusive of the Governor, and also to alter the Salaries and Allowances of such Governor, and

other Officers, as they shall from Time to Time find convenient; and in fixing the Salary and Allowance

of such Governor or Talk Master, the Justices shall have Regard, so far as may be, to the making the,

Emoluments of the Office depend on the Quantity of Work done and performed in such Houses, that it

may become the Interest as well as Duty of such Governor or Task Master to fee that all Persons under

his Custody be regularly and profitably employed; and such Governor and other Officers shall give such

Security for the Performance of their respective Duties, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Justices,

from Time to Time, at any such General or Quarter Sessions, shall appoint; and such Governor or other

Officers, for any Negligence or MKbehaviour in their respective Offices, may either be proceeded against

on the Security lb to be given, or shall be fineable by the said Justices, at any General or Quarter Sessions,

in the lame Manner as the Governor of any House of Correction is fineable by Justices of the Peace, by,

an Act passed in the seventh Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the due Execution of

vers Laws and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars, and other lewd and

idle Persons \ or by an Act of the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to

amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle #nd diforderfy Persons*

and to Houses of QrrrsftJon^znd if any Governor of any such House, being removed by any Order of

the* said Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall refute or neglect

to quit the Possession of the said House for forty-eight Hours next after Notice given to him in Writing by.

the Clerk of the Peace, any two or more of the said Tuftices, upon Proof before them of such Order of Re-

moval, such Notice thereof, and such Neglect or Refusa) to comply with the fame^ may, by Warrant-

under their Hands and Seals, direct the Sheriff of the said County to remove such Governor out of the

said House, and the Sheriff shall accordingly clear the Possession thereof, in like Manner as upon a Writ

of Habere facias Pojpjftonem.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace shall, and they are hereby authorized and

required, at some General or Quarter Sessions, or adjourned Session, as aforesaid, to make such Rules and

Orders for receiving, separating, classing, dieting, cloathing, maintaining, employing, reforming, govern-

ing, managing, treating, and watching all Offenders, during their respective Confinement in the (kid Pe-

nitentiary Houses, and also for adjusting what Aid shall be given to them, as well during such Confinement

as on their being released, as to the said Justices shall seem most fit and proper; but no such Rules and

Orders shall be made at any such Sessions, unless five Justices at least shall be present; and in making

such Rules and Orders, the said Justices shall have Regard to the Discipline, Provisions and Directions

contained in an Act of the ninteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and

amending the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imbrifonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders*

concerning the two National Penitentiary Houses therein-mentioned ; but such Rule$ and Orders so to be

made as aforesaid, shall not begin to have Force until they have been submitted to the Justices of Assize*

Great Session, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, at the Assizes which shall be holden for such

County next after the making of such Rules and Orders, or at some subsequent Assizes, and the said

Justices, to whom such Rules and Orders shall have been submitted, shall have subscribed a Certificate or

Declaration, that they do not fee any Thing contrary to Law in the said Rules and Orders so to be made

as aforesaid ; and all such Rules and Orders shall be afterwards added to, or altered, from Time to Time,

as often as the said Tuftices of the Peace for such County, at any General or Quarter Sessions, or adjourned

Session, as aforesaid, (at which five at least shall be present,) shall think necessary, and such Additions or

Alterations' shall also in like Manner be submitted to the Justices of Aflfize, Great Session, Oyer and

Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, at any Assizes for such County, in Manner aforesaid, who shall subscribe

such Certificate or Declaration as before mentioned; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to deprive any Convict of the Benefit of any weekly or other Allowance which has

usually been or hereafter may be granted or made by virtue of any Law, Statute, Custom, or Order, for

, the

