A.D. 1792* ving Annoying tncefimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 54, 55; 251

Printer, Painter, or Stainer, or other Trader or Dealer in printed, painted, or Rained Paper, without

having thereupon such Stamps or Seals as are by this Act required to denote the charging the Duties there-

upon, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Excise in England or Scotland rel'pectively,

or any two of them within the Limits of their Jurifdnrtions respectively, or for any Jurtice of the Peace in

any other Parts of Great Britain, from Time to Time to issue their respective Warrants, thereby autho-

rizing and requiring any Officer or Officers of the Cultums or Excise, with die Assistance of a Conilabic

or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day Time to search for the fame, and to open Doors, Cherts, Trunks*

and Packages, and to seize such Paper not having such Stamps or Seals thereon as are by this Act required,

and that every such Warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly ; and such Paper so found unltamped

in the Pofieilion of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, or other Trader or Dealer, or in the Poffiffion of any

other Person, for the Life of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, Trader or Dealer, shall be forfeited, and

shall and may be seized by any Officer or (Juicers of the Customs or Excise : Provided always. That no

Remnant of any Piece of such printed, painted, or (tabled Paper, being of less Length than shall be ex-

Prelied by the Frame Mark thereon, being found in the Possession of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of

aper, or Trader or Dealer therein, having such Stamp or Seal as by this A<rt is required at one End

thereof, shall be forfeited by reason of not having such Stamps or Seals at both Ends thereof: And if any

Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the aforesaid Officers from entering any such Place or

Places for the Purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any Paper by this Act declared to be for-

feited, every Person or Persons (o offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. 4 And, for the better preventing of Frauds by the lengthening or adding to any Piece or Remant of a

1 Piece of such printed, painted, or Rained Paper, after such Paper shall have been stamped or (baled as by

* this Act is required, as well as to prevent the Importation of printed, painted, or Rained Paper without

* being Ramped or foaled, as by this Act is requited,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That if any Piece or Remnant of foreign imported, printed, painted, or Rained Paper, not having such

Frame Mark and Stamp thereon as is by this Act required, (or having such Frame Mark and Stamp at

one End or both Ends thereof, and being of a greater Length than shall be expressed by (iion Frame Mark

by the Length of Half a Yard or more,) shall, after the fir It Day of stugujl one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-two, be found in the Polielfion of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or

Dealer therein, every such Piece of Paper or Remnant (lull be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer

or Officers of the Cidioms or Excise, and the Printer, Painter, or Stainer of*Paper, or Trader or

Dealer therein, in whole Possession the fame (Hull be found, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures im-

posed by this A<rt ("ball be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods as

any Fine,-Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of

Excise, or by Action of Debt, Rill, Plaint, or Information, in any of h:s Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Wtjhninfler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, rdpe&ively *, and that one Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him

•or them who shall inform, discover, or iue for the fame.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this AcHhall commence and take Effort:,

as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respeert whereof no special Commencement is hereby

•directed and provided, from and immediately after the firit Day of August one thousand seven hundred and

ubiety-two.

CAP. LV*

w? b ih* A /Tilt-

a nee of a Peace

Ofiner, lo feucli

fufyt*£leu Place*

in the Day

Time ;

tnd any Paoer

foun»J un (1 ampf J

lo be forrened;

R-fmnun?? of Irf»

L-n.! h ;iiin ex-

pie lied tie

Prime Trie,

Ramped at one

End, excepted.

Penalty frr ob-

Rrudiin^ Ofli-

cen.

Fore:gi printed,.

&c. Paper, with*

out the Frame

Mi k, &c. may

be f i/., and

the P. iHTor U

so.itic 50I.

TJo v Penalties

m iv he furU for,

an i their

ca;ioc.

A ft to com-

mence Aug. r,

1 752, in Matters

wr.ere oo fpreia 1

Comm-nrement

is directed.

An Act to render more effectual an Airt, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, /In Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of

every Quarter of a Teary to be by them applied to the Redttftion of the National Debt; and

,to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, ia

case of future Loans*

* WHEREAS by an A#, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, preamble.

VV An Act for vesting certain Sams in Canniif oners, at the End cf every Quarter of a 1 car, to be by #6 g-o.c. *i

‘ 4 them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt,) it is enacted, That^ whenever the whole Sum annually chafe if

4 receivable by the said Commissioners, including as well the Cjuartei-y Sum of two hundred and fifty thou- reutcJ,

4 sand Pounds, therein directed to be issued from the Exchequer, as the several Annuities and Dividends of

’4 Stock to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company

4 of the Bank of England, by virtue of the said Airt, should amount in the Whole to four Millions annually,.

4 the Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as should thenceforth be paid off by die

4 said Commissioners, and the Monies payable on such Annuities for Lives or Years, as might afterwards

4 ceafeor determine, should no longer be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, but should be confulered

4 as redeemed by Parliament, and should remain to be dbposed of as Parliament ihculd direct: And whereas

4 any Savings to arise from the Reduction of the Rate of any perpetual redeemable Annuities ought to be

4 placed to the Account of the said Cosnrnifii oners, in like Manner as tie Dividends on Stock redeemed or j

* purchased : And whereas it may be found expedient, that additional Annual Sums should be issued from the

4 Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the bid Comm ffioners, over and above th* laid Quaitetly Sum

*4of two hundred.and fifty thousand Pounds: And whereas, witkaView to such Cafes, further Provisions

4 #ue.

