When Goods

are attached, if

it shall appear

that rhe Par y is

insolvent, the

C< urt fh 11 order

his EflVfts to

be colle«£led and

distributed.

A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 76. 469

fecuting such Appeal; and in all Cafes of Appeal, as foonas Notice shall be given, and Security entered into

as aforesaid, Execution shall be flayed, but not otherwise.

VI. 4 And whereas it will greatly contribute to the Advancement of the Trade and Fishery of Newfound-

4 land^ if such Effects as Persons becoming insolvent in the said I (land of Newfoundland, and the Islands afore-

4 said, were possess’ of or entitled unto, wirhin the said Island, or on the Islands or Seas aforesaid, or on the

4 Banks of Newfoundland, should be divided among their Creditors with more Equality than hath hitherto been

4 practised ;* be it further enacted, That, as often as the Goods, Debts, and Ci edits of any Person shall be at-

tached, and it shall be made appear to the Court out of which the Process of Attachment hath issued, that the

Goods, Debts, and Credits io attached are not sufficient to pay twenty Shillings in the Pound toall those who

shall be Creditors by Reason cf Debts contracted within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and

Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Nezvfound!'and, it shall be lawful for such Court to summon the Party whose

Goods, Debts, and Credits are so attached, together with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who have sued out any

Attachment, and also such Persons who are known to be Creditors as aforesaid of the Defendant, to appear

in Court at a certain Day, and if upon a due Examination of the Defendant, and the said Creditors, it shall

appear that he or she is insolvent, the Court shall declare him or her insolvent accordingly, and shall immedi-

ately proceed to take Order for discovering, collecting, and felling the Effects and Debts of such Person, and

distributing the Produce thereof rateably nmongst all the said Creditors of such Person so declared insolvent, or

to authorize some Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors,to perform the fame, such Person or Per-

fons first entering into a Recognizance in such Sum as the Court shall think fit, for the due Performance of his

or their Duty therein; and that such Court shall from Time to Time make such Order therein as shall be

deemed proper, for better discovering, collecting, and felling the Effects and Debts, and making a rateable

Distribution thereof among the said Creditors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distribution to be made of the Estate and Effects of such Per-

son so declared insolvent, every Fiftierman and Seaman employed in the Fishery, who shall be a Creditor for

Wages become due in the then Current Season, shall first be paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, so far as the

EffeCls will go; and in the next Place, every Person who shall be a Creditor ior Supplies furniftied in the

Current Season, shall be paid twenty Shillings in the Pound ; and lastly, all other Creditors shall be paid

equally as far as the EfteCts will go.

VIII. And be ir further enacted, That it such insolvent Person shall make a true Disclosure and Discovery

of all his or her Goods and Effects whatsoever, and shall conform him or herself to the Order and Direction of

the said Court, the fame shall and may (with the Consent of one Half in Number and Value of his or herCre-

ditors) be certified by the said Court, and such Certificate, when pleaded, shall be a Bar to all Suits and Com-

plaints for Debts contracted within the I (land of Newfoundland) and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, and on

the Banks of Newfoundland, prior to the Time when he or she was declared insolvent.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Cause of ACtion shall have arisen before the first Day of

August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, no Suit or Complaint shall be commenced thereon at

the Distance of more than six Years from the Time when such Cause of ACtion arose.

DirefHon* for

ihe Difi»ir'uu(>n

of the Efl\£U of

insolvent Per-

fons,

Certificate of

the Court to he

a Bar to Suits

for Debt prior to

the Declaration

of Insolvency.

Suits, where the

Cause shall aiife

before Aug. t,

'179;, to be com-

menced within six Years,

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Justice, or any Person or Persons appointed by him for

that Purpose, under his Hand and Seal, foail have Power to grant Administration of the Effects of Intestates,

and the Probate of Wills ; and that the EfteCts of deceased Persons shall not be administered within the

Island of Newfoundland, or on the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, unless Ad-

niinistration thereof, or Probate of Wills icspecting the fame, shall have been duly granted by such Autho-

rity as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That an ACt pnfled in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, In Atl for

establifiling Courts of Judicature in ihe Island 0/Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, for a limited Time,

which ACt was to have continued in Force to the tenth Day of June one thousand seven.hundred and ninety-

three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and continue in Force un-

til the Opening of the Supreme Court instituted by virtue of this ACt, and no longer; and every Suit or

Complaint which shall at that Time be depending in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction, shall and may be

proceeded upon in the said Supreme Court, in the same Manner as any Suit or Complaint originally com-

menced in the said Supreme Court.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Court in the Island of Newfoundland, or

Islands aforesaid, (except the Supreme Court, and the Surrogate Courts appointed by virtue of this ACt,) to

hold Plea of any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-

withstanding : Provided nevertheless, That the Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the said Island,

shall and may hold Plea of Maritime causes, (except on)y the Wages of Seamen and Fishermen, which are

to be heard and determined in Manner herein-after direCted,) and causes of the Revenue, as heretofore prac-

tifed and used : Provided also, That all Disputes which shall arise concerning the Wages of any Seaman or

Fiftierman, and all Offences which shall be committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fiftier-

man, aeainst this or any other ACt, relating to the Island of Newfoundland, or the Islands and Seas aforesaid,

or the Fishery thereof, shall and may be heard and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby in-

curred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Sessions, or before any two Justices of the Peace.

Chief Justice

may grant Ad-

n ir.ilUation,

&c.

31 Geo. III.

Cap. 46. con-

tinued till the

Opfning of the

Supreme Court.

No Court, ex«

cept the Su-

preme and Sur»

rogate Court*, to

hold Pleas of a

Civil Nature.

Vice Admiralty

Court may hold

Plea of Mari-

time causes,

(except for

Wages,) *nd

causes of P.e-

*enue, Disputes respetling Wages of Seamen, &c, may be heard in the Court of Sessions, or before two Justices.

XIII. Provided

