The TITLES of

37. An Act to continue two Acts, made in the twenty-

eighth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present

A Jajesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the feverat

v* Duties payable in Scotland upon Low JVines and Spiri.s,

and upon Worts, JVaJh, and other Liquors there used in the

Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other

Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Expor-

tation of British-made Spirits fro?n England to Scotland,

and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a

lijnited Time, an del made in the twenty sixth Tear of the

Reign of his prrfent Majesty, “ to di[continue, for a limited

“ Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and

u Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and

44 securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof;

44 and for the better Regulation of the making and vending

44 British Spirits ; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time,

44 certain Impofls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits im-

44 ported from the West Indies;” and for amending the

said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign.

38. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for re-

tailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing

distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties

in lieu thereof.

39. An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Low

Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scot-

land, in respect of the Duties imposed by an Act made in

the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

40. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the lart

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the

Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties

in lieu thereof

41. An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation from any

of the Provinces in Arorth America, of Rape Seed, and

all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing

the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes,

or Cakes made of Rape Seed used for Manure, Duty-free.

42. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provi-

lions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons

who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execu-

; lien certain Orders of Council respeSling the importation and

Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders

ifjucd by the Governor General of his Mnjefiys Colonies in

America; and for preventing Suits in conjcquence of the

fame; and for making further Pi ovijions relative thereto,

relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and

Grain ; and to authorize his Majesty to permit the Expor-

tation of Coin, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit

• the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

43. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs

to defray Charges on Seizures, out of his Majesty's Share

of Seizures in general.

44. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle a certain Annuity

on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor ot Physick.

45. An Act for converting certain Annuities, to be attended

"with the Benefit of Survivor ship in Clailes, established by

an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain An-

nuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling

the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for

the Shares lo converted.'

46. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for

the Use of the Heirs and Defendants of I Villi am Penn,

Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province ot Penn-

sylvania, in consideration of the meritorious Services of

ahe said William Penn, and of the LofTes which his Family

.have sustained in consequence of the unhappy DifTcnfions 4

in America•

the STATUTES.

47. An Act for enabling his Majesty to authorize his Go-

vernor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the

Seas, to which Felons or other Offenders may be transport-

, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders.

48. An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been

required by Law to be given against Women convicted of

certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgment in lieu

thereof.

49. An Act to impower Justices, and other Persons, to visit

Parish Workhouses or Poor Houses, and examine and cer-

tify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the

Quarter Sessions.

50. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into

the State and Condition of the Woods, For efts, and Land

R cvenues belonging to the Crown; and tofell or alienate Fee

Farm, and other unimproveable Rents.

5 r* An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Reversion

in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the

Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Cat-

tcrick and Thu ft all, in the County of York \ and for vert-

ing the lame in the several Persons entitled to the said

Hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a

certain Term of one hundred Years, for which the said

Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty

King George the First, his Heirs and Successors.

52. An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the

Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the

Town of Lewes, to Ha?nmer Bridge, in the Parish of

Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfeld,

and also of a Branch of the said River to Shortbridge, in

the Parish of Fletching, in the County of SuJJ'cx.

53. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more

effectual, several Acts made for paving, cleansing, and

lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places,

within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts

adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein men-

tioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Ma-

nagement of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul

of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the

said several Acts; and for removing and preventing

Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments

in the said Streets, and other Places; and for other Pur-

poses.

54. An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the

Trustees of Westminster Fish Market in the Marine So-

ciety, for the Purposes therein mentioned ; and for difeon-

tinuing the Powers of the said Trustees.

55. An Act to enable Sir William Plamilton, Knight of the

moll honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and Assigns,

to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other

Erections; and to establish a Market, with proper Roads

and Avenues thereto respectively, within the Manor or

Lordship of Hubberston and Pilt in the County of Pem-

broke.

56. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Scf-

fion of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navi-

gable Canal from or near to Cromford Bridge, in the

County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erc-

wash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collate-

ral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Cod nor

Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

57. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Com-

munication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the

County of Suffolk.

58. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Edingto”,

a 2 otherwise

