534 C. 45, 46. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794,

Settlement in Norfolk JJland as aforesaid, {hall cause due Execution of such Judgment to be had and made,

under and according to the Warrant of such Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time beingadmi-

niftering the Government of his Majesty’s Settlement in Norfolk If and as aforesaid, under his Hand and

Seal, and not otherwise: Provided always. That Execution shall not be had or done on any capital Con-

vict or Convids, unless four Persons present in such Court shall concur in adjudging him, her, or them, so

acculed and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the Proceedings shall have been transmitted to

his Majesty, and by him approved,

ccedin^s to be tnnCnmted to his Majesty.

Unl«fv four

Members con-

cur i 1 adjudging

capital Ort’cnd-

e»s. the Pro-

Court to v-1 HI. And be it farther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court shall be a Court of Re-

Ctmrt vi Record. corj> and Diall have all such Powers as, by the Laws of England., are incident and belonging to a Court of

Record.

CAP. XLVI.

An A(5t for taking of Special Bait in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of

Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lance.fler.-—[9th May 1794.]

The Chancellor

or Vice Chan-

cellor of the

County of Lin-

caster may

authorize Per-

so* s »o take Kail

in Alton* de-

pending in the

County Couir,

&c.

Feci.

Justices of the

Court may make

Rules h r jolli-

fying Bail, &c.

Prothonotary of

kii Deputy may

take Bail a,

hcrttofoie.

117 HERE AS it hath been found inconvenient that no Person Is empowered to giant Commissions for

4 VV the talcing and receiving Recognizances of Bail in AvStions and Suits commenced or depending in

4 the Court of Common Pleas, otherwiic called The Court of Session for the County Pd'ntinc of Lancaster,

4 held before his Majesty’s Justices there For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of

this Act, the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lanca/fer, or his Vice Chancellor for the

said County Palatine for the Time being respectively, shall and may, by one or more Commission or Corn-

millions, under the Seal of the said County Palatine, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require,

empower such and so many Person or Persons (other than common Attornies or Solicitors) as he, or either

of them, shall think, fit and necessary, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, to take and receive all and

every inch Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bails, as any Person or Persons shall be willing and

deiirous to acknowledge or make, before any Person so empowered in any Action or Suit depending, or

hereafter to be depending in the said Court, in such Manner and F orm, and by such Recognizance or Bail

Piece, as Special Bails are usually, or by Law ought to be taken; which said Commissions shall be made

out by the Prothonotary of the said Court, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Chancellor, or Vice

Chancellor for the Time being, and which said Recognizance or Recognizances, Bail Piece or Bail Pieces,

so taken as aforesaid, together with an Affidavit made of the due taking of the Recognizances of such Bail

or Bail Piece, by fomc credible Person present at the taking thereof, or, being one of the People called

Quakers., by his Affirmation ; and which Affidavit or Affirmation the Person so empowered to take the said

Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bails shall be, and hereby is authorized to receive and take, and

to administer the Oath or solemn Affirmation, as the Cafe may require, shall, within ten Days after the

taking such Bail,* be transmitted to the Office of the Prothonotary of the said County, there to be filed of

Record, upon Payment of the Sum of eleven Shillings and Eight-pence; and which Recognizance of Bail

or Bail Piece, so taken and transmitted, {hall be of full Foice and Effect: and the following Fees, and no

more, shall be paid for each of the said last-mentioned Commissions, and for taking the Acknowledgments

of the Bail and Affidavits, or Affirmations respeefing the fame; (to wit,)

The Sum of three Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant:

The Sum of eight Shillings and Sixpence for making out the Commission, besides the King’s Duty and

Parchment;

The Sum of five Shillings for the Seal:

The Sum of six Shillings for taking every such Acknowledgment or Bail Piece:

And the Sum of one Shilling for the taking of the Affidavit, or Affirmation of the due taking thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty’s Tuftices of the said Court

for the Time being {hall and may make such Rules and Orders for the justifying of such Bails, and making

the fame absolute, as to them shall seem meet, so that it may not be necessary for theCognizor or Cognizors

of any such Bail or Bails to appear in the said Court to justify him or themselves, but that the fame may be

determined by Affidavit or Affidavits (or, being made by any of the People called §>uakers, by Affirmation

or Affirmations) duly taken before any Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, (or before the Protho-

notary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy ex officio, as Officers of the said Court,

and without any Commission for that Purpose,) touching the Value of the respective Estates, and other ne-

ceflary Qualifications of such Cognizor or Cognizors; and for the swearing of each such Affidavit, or taking

such Affirmation, shall be received the Sum of one Shilling, and no more.

III. Provided also nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Prothonotary of the

said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy, from taking and receiving cx officio^ and as Offi-

cers of the said Court, Recognizances of Bails in Anions or Suits commenced, or hereafter to be com-

menced, in the said Court, in such Manner as he and they have done, or by Law might do* if this Act had

not been made-


