402

No Licence so

be Grant'd till

Security be given

for Payment of

Duty.

No Licence to be

granted for a

Walb Still which

shall not be of

the Content less

than 51 Gal

Ions, nor unless

a Low Wine Still

be licensed with

« 5

nor to aRefli-

fier for a Still

which fkall not

be of the Con-

tent less than 20

Gallons.

Stills licensed

for making Spi-

rits from British

Materials not to

be used for

making them

from Melasses,

,ice. on Penalty

Of 200 1,

Stills licensed for

distilling of Waft*

or for rectifying

of Spirits, not to

be used for com-

pounding, &c.

on Penalty of

doo I.

First Licences to

be in force till

October 10,

1704. and after-

wards for one

Year.

No Licence to be

granted to Com-

pounders, &e.

for Stills for dif-

tilling or refli-

tying, &c.

Penalty for car-

rying on Trade

at a Distiller

and a Common

Brewer at the

fame Time.

Freih Licences

to be taken out

ten Days before

Oltober 10,

*794, and re-

imrcd yearly.

C. 6r. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 179-3^

before the End of every two Months, pay down, in ready Money in Advance, a sixth Part of the yearly Duty

payable by this ACt in respect of such Licence, until the Whole thereof shall be fully paid, over and above

the Sum paid in Advance at the Time of granting/uch Licence. ’ 'j

V. Provided also, and be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Licence shall be

granted to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Refiner or Rectifiers, Compounder or Com-

pounders of Spirits, until he, she, or they respectively shall have found Security, by Bond, to his Majesty^

in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with at least one sufficient Surety to the Satisfaction of the said

Commissioners or proper Collector of Excise, that he, she, or they shall make due and regular Payment of

the whole annual Duty by this Act imposed, on the Capacity or Content of their Still or Stills, so to be

licensed as aforesaid, at the Time and Times, and in the Manner herein-before mentioned and directed*

without any Allowance, Abatement, or Deduction, on Account of any Loss, Accident, or Interruption

that may happen during the Currency or Period of such Licence, except in or through ruction of

the Distiiiery and total Stoppage of the Work by Fire, or as is herein-after, or in the said Act? excepted

and provided.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enated by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful ta

grant any such Licence to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, for or in respect of any

\Va(h Still which shall not, in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of the Content or Capacity

less than fifty-two Gallons Englifl) Wine Measure; nor shall it be lawful to grant any such Licence, for or

in respect of any Wash Still whatever, unless there shall at the fame Time be licensed therewith a Low Wine

Still of a Content or Capacity in the Body thereof, exclusive of the Head, not less than one fourth Part of

the Contents or Capacity of such Wash Still.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful

to grant any such Licence to any Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, foi or

in respect of any Still for rectifying, compounding, or mixing, which shall not, in the Body thereof, and ex-

elusive of the Head, be of the Content or Capacity less than twenty Gallons English Wine Measure.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That no licensed Distiller shall

use his or her Still or Stills, licensed for the diddling or making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn,.Grain,

Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of BritishMaterials*

in or for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or in or for the making of Low Wines

or Spirits from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials; and

that no licensed Distiller shall use his or her Still or Stills, licensed for the distilling or making of Low Wines

or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, in or for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign

refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials ; and if any Distiller

shall make use of his or her Still or Stills, or any of them, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning

of the foregoing Provision, he or she, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and Iofe the Sum of two hundred

Pounds.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Still, licensed for the

distilling of Wash or Low Wines, or for the rectifying of Spirits, shall be made use of in or for the com-

pounding or mixing of Spirits ; and that no Still, licensed for the compounding or mixing of Spirits, shall

be made use of in or for the distilling of Wash or Low Wines, or for the rectifying of Spirits, on Pain to

forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds*

X. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Licence to be first granted by

virtue of this ACt to any Distillers, ReCtifiers, or Compounders of Spirits, shall be and continue in force from

the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the tenth Day of October one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-four, and for no longer or shorter Period ; and every such Licence to be afterwards

granted by virtue of this ACt, shall be and continue in force from the tenth Day of October yearly for one

Year, and for no longer or shorter Period.

XI. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall, not be lawful to grant to any

Compounder of Spirits, or to any Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of Great Britain caliec}

Scotland, any Licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any Still or Stills for the distilling of Wash,

Low Wines, or Spirits, or for the rectifying of Spirits, so long as he, she, or they doth or shall con-

tinue to carry on, or to be concerned in the Business of a Compounder of Spirits, or Common Brewer, or

Victualler, for brewing or felling of Beer or Ale in Scotland; and if any Person or Persons shall, at one

and the fame Time, carry on, or be directly or indirectly concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller

or ReCtifier with that of a Compounder of Spirits, or of a Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of

two hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Perftms who

shall take out any such first Licence as aforesaid, for distilling, rectifying, or compounding of Spirits in Scot-

land, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence, ten Days at least before the tenth Day of October

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, before he, (he,or they shall presume to continue to distil, rectify,

or compound any Spirits or Strong Waters, and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence after-

wards,

