A.D. 179*. Anno tricesimo prirao Georgii III. C. 54,

SCHEDULE (A).

ARTICLES of Agreement between the Matter, Officers, Mariners, Seamen, and Seafa-

ring Men of the Ship bound from the Port of upon an intended Voyage

to the Coast of Africay for from thence to the IVeJt Indies, or America, and

afterwards to in Great Britain> or to her delivering Port in

Europe.

FIRST, The Matter does hereby covenant, agree and engage with the said Officers, Seamen, Sea-

faring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the

Rate of the Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as against each Person’s Name is expressed in the Mutter-roll,

Secondly, The said Matter does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring

Men, Landsmen, and Boys, that they {half be daily and regularly supplied with good, wholesome Victuals,

and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter specified; the said Provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual

Manner in which it is done on Board his Majesty’s Ships of War, and served out to the Ship’s Company

in the Manner following; viz*

' Sunday, -

Monday, -

Tuesday, -

IV*dnesday,

Thursday,

Friday,

Saturday,

One Pound and a Half of Beef, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and a Pint of

Flour.

One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint of Pease.

One Pint of Oat-meal, and two Ounces of Butter, and four Ounces of Cheese; or, one

Pound of Stock Fish, with one Eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a Quarter of a Pint of Vinegar,

in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

The fame as Monday.

The fame as Sunday.

The fame as Tuesday»

'The fame as Monday,

Each Person, besides, to have six Pounds of Bread per Week; and a Quarter of a Pint of Spirits, or Half

a Pint of Wine, together with of Water, per Day, during the Voyage.

In lieu of Pease and Oat-meal may be served Rice, Indian Corn, Yams, or Calavances.

In case of being put to £hort Allowance, the Matter, Officers, and Seamen are to be at the fame Allowance

of Provisions and Water, and to be allowed short Allowance Money, at the Rate of three Pence per Day

if at two-thirds Allowance, and four Pence Halfpenny^ Day, per Man, if at half Allowance, and to be

paid their short Allowance Money ten Days before the Vessel fails from the PVeJi Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the said Matters, That the Matter of the

said Ship, at his or the Owners proper Cost and Charge, will hire and employ the Natives in their Craft,

to wood and water the said Ship, during her Continuance on the Coast of Africa, if such Natives can be

procured, under the Direction of a Patroon belonging to the said Ship.

And it is further agreed on the Part of the said Matter, That whenever the Officers and Seamen are em-

ployed trading in Craft up the Rivers, that the said Matter will, on the Part of the Owners, furnish the Parties

so employed with a sufficient Quantity of painted Canvas, or Tarpawling, for an Awning, and Provisions for

the Time, in the Proportion, per Diern, as is let forth in the foregoing Article, with proper Utensils and Fire

to drcfs the fame, and upon Failure thereof, for every such Neglect he shall forfeit double the Value of

Provisions.

The said Matter does further agree and engage, That there shall be a Space^ reserved for Half the Ship’s

Company to shelter themselves, while the Slaves are on Board; if a frigate-built Ship, it shall be under the

Half Deck; or in the Steerage, or under a standing Awning of Wood, well caulked, in any other Ship

or Vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said Matter, That he will not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, turn over

ordischarge any of the Officers or Ship’s Company belonging to the said Ship, unless on Promotion, or to affitt

a Shipadtually in Distress, and not then, unless properly certified as before expreiled in this Act: And the

said Matter does hereby further agree to advance one Month’s Pay to the Officers and Ship’s Company before

the said Ship departs from Great Britain, at the Time of settling the River or Harbour Pay; and that the

monthly Wages shall commence from that Period: And it is further agreed by the said Matter, That he will

By, or cause to be paid, one Month’s Pay after the Landing of the Slaves in the West Indies or America, ten

ays before the Sailing of the said Ship in her homeward-bound Passage: And also the said Matter engages

to make the general Signal for failing twenty-four Hours before the Departure of the said Ship; videlicet, by

loofingthe Fore Top Sail and firing a Gun.

And we the Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, in consideration of the

monthly or other Wages, foregoing Stipulations, and Engagements, do severally promise and agree, and

bind ourfefves by these Presents to behave with due Subordination and Refpcit, and to obey the lawful Com-

mands of our Commander or superior Officers on Board the said Ship, or Boars thereunto belonging, as be-

comes good and faithful Seamen and Mariners, and at all Places where the said Ship shall touch at, put into.

31 Geo. III. Y Ur

e

