A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgir III. ' C. 74. 449

and Ranking, and where no Scquestration under this Act, as herein-after mentioned, fhalf have taken place,

the. Court Oiall have Power, by Regulations, to establish a Mode of adjudging, in Name of the common

Agent or Factor, once or oftener, as OcCafion may require, for Behoof of the Creditors whose Grounds of

Debt or Interest are produced, and in the mean "l ime to flop Adjudications at the Instance of individual Cre-

ditors, unless the fame be necessary in order to come within Year and Day of the first effectual Adjudication,

or be found proper on any other Account, it being always understood that the whole Creditors conjoined in

the fame Decree of Adjudication {hall be part pajju with one another, and that each Creditor shall have the

fameL Benefit thereby as if he had adjudged for himself; and it shall be lawful for him to extract that Part of the

Decree which concerns his own Debt, upon Payment of the ordinary Dues, without any Necessity of ex-

trafting the Whole.

^ XI. And, in order to fix more clearly in Time coming what Diligence is necessary to make an Adjudica-

tien effectual; be it enacted, That the presenting a Signature in Exchequer, when the holding is of the

Crown, or the executing a general Charge of Horning against Superiors, at the Market Cross of Edinburgh,

and Pier and Shore of Leith, when the holding is of a Subject, and recording an Abstract of the said Signa-

ture or the said Charge in the Register of Abbreviates of Adjudications, {hall be held in ail Time coming as

the proper Diligence so: the Purpose aforesaid.

XII. And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and

ninety-six, Chapter five, intituled, Act for declaring Notour Bankrupts, it is inter alia declared. That any Dif-

4 positions or other Rights that {hall be granted for hereafter for Relief or Security of Debts to be contracted for

the future, {hall be of no Force as to any such Debts that {hall be found to be contracted after the Seifine or

4 Infeftment following on the said Dispolition or Rights: And whereas Ca{h Accounts or Credits granted by

4 Banks or Bankers were not at that Time in use, but have since proved very beneficial to Commerce: And

4 whereas it would tend not only to the further Benefit of Commerce, but al(b of Agriculture and Manufac-

4 tures, if Part of the before-recited Act were repealed, so far as to make it lawful for Persons possessed of

4 Lands and other heritable Property to grant Security thereon by Infeftment for the Payment of Cash Ac-

4 counts or Credits to be granted to them :* Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall

and may be lawful for any Person or Persons possessed of Lands, or other heritable Subjects, and desiring to

pledge the fame ip Security of Cash Accounts or Credits, to grant Securities upon their said Lands or other

heritable Estate, containing Procuratory of Resignation and Precept of Seifine for infefting any Bank or

Bankers, or other Persons, who {hall agree to give them such Cash Accounts or Credits, provided the Prin-

cipal and Interest, which may become due upon the said Cash Accounts or Credits, {hall be limited to a cer-

tain definite Sum, to be specified in the Security: And it is hereby declared. That it {hall and may be lawful

to the Person to whom the said Cash Account or Credit is granted, to operate upon the fame, by drawing

out and paying in such Sums from Time to Time as the Parties {hall settle between themselves, and that the

Seifines or lnfeftments taken upon the said heritable Securities {hall be equally valid and effectual as if the

whole Sums advanced upon the said Credit had been paid prior to the Date of the Seifine or Infeftment taken

thereon, and that any such heritable Security {hall remain and sublist to the Extent of the Sum limited, or

any lesser Sum, until the Cash Account or Credit is finally closed, and the Balance paid up and dif-

charged, and the Seifine or Infeftment renounced, and such Part of the foresaid in Part recited Act of the

Scots Parliament one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, in so far as it is derogatory hereto, is hereby

repealed.

XIII. And whereas it is for the Interest of Commerce, that the Estates of those concerned in Trade apd

4 Manufactures, when they are unable to answer the Demands upon them, should be disposed of and distri-

4 buted among their Creditors in the mod expeditious Manner, without abiding the ordinary Forms of

4 Law \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, being a Merchant or Trader in Gross or by Retail, or a Banker, Broker, or Underwriter, or a Ma-

nufacturer, Artificer, or Mechanic, and in general any Person who either for himself, or as Agent or Factor

for others, leeks his Living by buying and selling, or by the Workmanship of Goods or Commodities, or

by any other of the foregoing Occupations, or holds a Share in any such Undertaking, (excepting

always Holders of India Stock, or Stock in any of the Banks established by publick Authority, or in the

Friendly Insurance Company at Edinburgh against Fire, the Forth and Clyde Navigation, or other inland Na-

vigation Companies, or the British Fisheries, common Labourers or Workmen for Hire, Landholders and

Tenants of Land, or Husbandmen, if such Persons be nototherwise, bona fide, under one or other of the fore-

going Descriptions,) shall be under Diligence by Horning and Caption for Debt, and shall either, in virtue

thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a Sanctuary, or fly or abscond for his personal Safety, or defend his Person

. by Force, or being out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of Privilege or personal Protec-

tien, shall be under Diligence by Charge of Horning attended with Arrestment not looted or discharged with-

in fifteen Days, or Poinding of any Part cf his Moveables, or Decree of Adjudication of any Part of his

Estate for Payment or Security of Debt at the Instance of any Creditor, it shall be lawful to any Creditor of

the said Person, whole Debt shall amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors

whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Credi-

tors whose Debts amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling or up wards, whether such Debts are

liquidated by formal Voucheis, or stand upon open Account, at any Time within four Calendar Months of

the last Step of the said Diligence, to apply,by summary Petition, to the Court of Session for a Sequel! ration

of the said Debtor’s Estate, heritable and moveable, real and personal, and upon Production of the Grounds of

Debt, or a certified Copy of the Account, and a Deposition by the Creditor or Creditors, at whose Instance

the Application is made, taken by any Judge Ordinary, or Justice of the Peace, to the Verity of the Debt or

3 M 2 Debts,

Creditors pend-

ing a judicial

Sale.

Wb*t Diligence

necesstry to

make effectual

Adjudications.

Part of the A ft

1696 repealed^

ape Secuiities

for Carti Ac-

count s or Cre.

dit» may be

granted.

Eftatci of Mer-

chants, Manu-

facturers, Sc . if

Bankrup1, may

be fctpxcftiaied.

if certain Dili*

gence be done.

ppon Petition

for Cifdiiors

whose De bts ajc

ot a certain Ex-

tent, and Pro’-*

duftion of

Oaths.

