The TITLES of

the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugdcn to Hunting*

den, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common,

in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Rond leading out

of the afonefold Road at or near the Ferry House, in the

Parish of Temps ford, to and through Little Bartord,

Eynefbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the

End cf Cross Hall Lane.

IC4. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the

tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and

widening the Road from Saint Stephen’s Gate, in the

County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the

Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk.

105. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers,

of so much of tvv’o Acts, made in the twenty-fifth and

thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and

Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County

of Linlithgow.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty King George the 'Third, for repairing and widening

the Road from we Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the

County f Berks, through Cuinner, to the ancient Hoije

Road at Swinford, in tieJaid County.

107. An Act to continue the 'Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of an Act, passed in the ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening

the Read from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence

to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.

ic8. An Act to continue the Term, "and alter the Powers,

of lo much of two Acts, made in the twenty-filth and

thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for re-

pairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and

Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County

of Stirling. and for repairing the Road from Loanhcad to

Saint Ni man's, in the said County of Stirling.

109. An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of

Stirling and Dumbarton.

no. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Roads from the "Town of Denbigh,

to the Turnpike Road between North of and Holywell, and

from Afon If en to the Town of Mold, in the Counties

of Denbigh and Flint.

111. An Act for enlarging the Tcim and Powers of an Act,

passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening

the Read from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury,

in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the /aid

County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the

County of StalFord, cud from Shawbury aforesaid to the

Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the fold County of Salop,

and /torn Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County ;

and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford,.//; the

/aid Countym

112. An Act for enlarging the Term and Povvers of an Act,

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunftall,

in the County of Stafford, io Bosley, in the County of

Chester; and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said

County of Stafford.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Hmh Rcaf leading from Alireton, in the County of Derby,

through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town cf

Mansfield called Stockvcll; and from the Bridle Gate, at

the Druid on of the Liberties 0/'Blackwell and Hucknall,

through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield

the statutes:

and Newark Turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the

Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

114. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from the Ealt End of Bromham Bridge, in the

County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from

J Wellingborough to Olney, in the County of Bucks ; and

also the Road from the said Turnpike Road, at or near the

. South End of the Town of Olney afore said, to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Northampton Xo Newport Pagnell,

in the same County.

115. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the

Powers, of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the

Town of Hit chin, through Sheffield, to the Turnpike

Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roadg

therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bed-

ford.

PRIVATE acts.

ving Annoying 30 Georgii III.

1* AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Cow

fjL Failure and Common Fen in the Parish of Point on,

in the County of Lincoln.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields

and a Stinted Failure called Linton I'uflure, within the

Township of Lintcn, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Gottlob Gottheffi Schafer,.

4. An Act for veiling Part of the Freehold Estates devised

by the Will of James Money, Efouire, deceased, in

Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising

thereby in the Purchase ot other Hereditaments, to he

settled to the fame Lies as the Estates to be sold now ft and

limited to.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot

with Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fens,

and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Old Buckenham,

in the County of Norfolk.

7« An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields in

the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors,

Commons, or Waste Grounds, called DunLeJwick Com-

mon, Huly Common, JVejcochill Common, and iVceton

Green, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the

County of York.

9. An Act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in

the County of Southampton.

10. An Act lor dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating

the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons,

and Waste Grounds in the Parish of North &oliingbam9

in the County of Nottingham. 9

ix. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

Moor or Trad of Waste Ground called KiUingworth

Aioor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of

Northumberland.

12. An Act to enable Tic mas Samwell TWatfon Samwell

Esquire, (lately called Thomas Samwell I Watson) and his

Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms of

Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell\

Baronet, decealed.

13. An Act for naturalizing George Patfeh, John Chrylian

Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pajleur.

14. An Act for naturalizing Julius George Bicrbaum.

15. An

