The TIT L E S of

Kt'lfo towards CoUJlreams to the Place where it joins the

Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Cobfreamyini

from KeljOy through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish

of Eccles, in the County erf Berwicky and from the Ford

at Nation AElly through Ednam, to Edenjoot, and from

Kiljo to Combi!l> in the County of Durham.

PRIVATE ACTS,

ving Annoying 33 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempde

\ Esquire. (lately called Richard Bempde JchrjicneJ

and the Heirs Male cf his Body, to take the Surname, and

bear the Arms, of Vanden Bempde only, pursuant to the

Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing Peter Pet erf on Hanjen and Otto

Hinrick Hanjen.

3. An Act for naturalizing John William Fisher.

4. An Act for vesting certain Estates. of Robert Ladbroke

Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in

Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise

thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and He-

reditaments, to be settled to the fame Uies as the said set-

tled Estates now (land limited.

5. An Act for naturalizing John James Vallotton.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of RJely, in the County of

Bedford*

y. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Par-

cel of WafteLand,calledZ)r/ff/7^il/^r,writhin theTown-

ship of New holm cum Dunjley, in the Parish of Whitby, in

the North Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste

Lands, in the Parish of Dunjlony in the County of Lin-

coln*

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the

Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within

the Townships or Hamlets cf South MilforthinA Lumly,

in the Parish of Sherburn9 in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoey in the County of

Northampton.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Townships or Graveships of Wakefield, Stanley, Wren-

thorfe, Aherthorpey and YhorneSy in the Parish of Wake-

fieldy in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Man-

ner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several

Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatterisy in

the Isle of Ely9 in the County of Cambridgey and for oblig-

ing the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to

fence the fame, and for holding, in Severalty, for ever, cer-

tain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called

The Acre Fen9 and Little Ferry BurrowSy in the said Parish

cf Chatteris.

*3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

Moor or Common within the Manor of Miltony in the

rarish of Kewjlokcy in the County of Somerset.

14. An Act: for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Ings, Marshcs* and Common Pastures, and other

the STATUTES.

Common and Waste Lands and Grounds within the

Lordship of Barton upon Humber% in the County of Lin-

coln*

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Gran-

by and Sutton^ in the Parish of Granby and Suttony in the

County of Nottingham.

16. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart

Esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

17. An Act to enable John Butcher Esquire, and his Issue*

to use the Surname and Arms of Rodbardy pursuant to the

Will of Elcnry Rodbard Esquire.

18. An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and

Charles John Jolt Dumergue.

19. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin.

20. An Act for naturalizing Francois Morey. Philip Colombo

Louys Gruazy and John Amick.

21. An Act for naturalizing Henry EngelL

n. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles

of Agreement entered into between the Duke of Marlbo-

rough and Lincoln College, Oxford.

23. An Act for vesting the Navigationof the River Avon9 in

the Counties of IVarwicky Worcejiery and Glcucefiery and

certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and

Warwick^ late the Property of George Perrott Esquire, de-

ceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising

thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates to be

settled to the same Uses as those directed to be sold by this

Act are now settled.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath

Grounds, within the Parish of Normantony in the County

of Rutland•

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or

Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and WiU

bright on, otherwise Wilbertony in the Parish of Gnofally in

the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open -and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Com-

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishys

of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint

Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or

Grounds, within the Liberties and Precinftsof Stoke Lyne

and Fewcotty in the Parish of Stoke Lyne9 in the County of

Oxford. /

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures*

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Bar-

fordy otherwise Barford Saint John9 in the Parish of

derbury, in the County of Oxford.

29- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures*

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

Manor and ParifL of Dunfiewy in the County of Oa:-

* ford.

30* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old

Whole Year Lands, Common Yields, Half Year Lands*

Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste

Lands, within the Parish of Marham% in the County of

Norfolk*

p.Aa

