32

C. 36.

ving Annoying tricesimo Geor^gii III.

A.D. 1790.

than the Num-

ber of Persons

herein mention-

aie carried

on ti e Ou'.fide

of any Stage

Coach, the

Driver to pay 5*.

for each Person

above the limit-

Number, to

the Collector of

the Tolls, &c,

k proved insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended : And whereas it is expedient that certain

4 Regulations should be established with respect to the Conduct of the Drivers of Stage Coaches, and other

4 such Carriages, and of the Persons going therewith as Guards May it therefore please your Majesty that

it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by*

the Authority of the same. That, from after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred

From Sep*. 19, and ninety, if the Driver of any Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, drawn by three or more

1790, if more Horses, and going or travelling for Hire, shall permit or suffer more than one Person on the Coach Box, be-

fides himself, and tour Persons on the Roof; and if such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage {hall be drawn by leis than

three Horses, more than one Person on the Coach Box, and three Persons on the Roof, (except the Driver of

such Cqach, Chaise, or other Carriage, drawn by less than three Horses, which shall not go or travel a greater

Distance than twenty-five Miles from the Post Office in the City of London, and who shall not carry more

than one Person on the Coach Box, and four Persons on the Roof, at one and the fame Time), to go or be

conveyed by any such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage respectively, every such Driver shall pay to the Collector

of the Toils, at every Turnpike Gate through which such Carriage shall pass, the Sum of five Shillings for each

and every Person above the Number so as above limited and allowed to be conveyed, which every such Collector

is hereby authorised to ask, demand, and receive ; and if any such Pallenger or Passengers, beyond the Number

so limited as aforesaid, shall be set down, or taken up, whereby the Paid Payment of the said Sum of five Shillings

may be evaded, then and in every such Cafe the Driver of such Carriage so offending, and being convicted of such

Offence, either by his own Confession, the View of a Justice, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town,

Division, or Flace, where such Offence shall be committed, (which Oath every such Justice is hereby au-

thorised and* required to administer,) shall, for every such Offence, be committed to the Common Gao!, or

House of Correction, of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall

have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding one Ca-

lendar Month, nor Ids than fourteen Days, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom

such Offender shall be convicted.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of five Shillings for each and every Pallenger beyond the

Number allowed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall be collected, levied, and recovered in like Manner as the

Turnpike Tolls at the Gate where such Payment by this Act directed to be made, are by the Act for re-

pairing such Road authorised to be collected, levied, and recovered.

From Sept. 29, III, And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand

9w>,phc N-arnC ^even hundred and ninety, there shall be painted on the Outside of each of the Doors of every such Stage

o 1 e ropneu-r Qoac^ or other Carriage (the Coaches carrying the Mail, under the Direction of the Post-masters General

excepted) in large and legible Characters, the Christian and Surname of the Proprietor, or of one of the

Proprietors, of such Coach or other Carriage, and in the Cafe of there being more than one Proprietor of such

Coach or other Carriage, and any one of them shall rellde within the Cities of London or Westminster, or

the Limits of the Bills of Mortality, then and in such Cafe the Name of such last-mentioned Proprietor Hull

be the Name to be put upon such Carriage, as above directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Coachman, or Person having the Care of any Stage Coach, or

other such Carriage, shall permit or fuller any other Person to drive the fame, without the Consent of the

Passengeis within such Coach, or other Carriage, or shall quit the Box without reasonable Occasion, or for

a longer Space of Time than such Occasion may require, or shall, by furiously driving, or by any Negligence

or Misconduct, overturn the Carriage, or in any Manner endanger the Persons or Property of tile Paflepgers,

or the Property of the Owners or Proprietors of such Carriage, every such Coachman so offending shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, T hat if any Person going or travelling as a Guard to any Stage Coach, or

other such Carriage, shall fire off the Arms he is entrusted with, either while the Coach or Carriage is going

on the Road, or going through or (landing in any Town, otherwise than for the Defence of such Coach or

other Carriage, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted. That the Penalties by the said recited Act inflicted on Peace Officers re-

fliaed by recited fa('ing or neglecting to execute Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Diredtionsof the

Officers neglect- Act, ft vail extend to, and be inflicted on, all Peace Officers who shall refule or neglect to execute any

ing to execute Warrants to be granted in pursuance of this Act; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act

Wairants to ex- shall and may be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner, as by the said recited Act is

tend to this Act. directed respecting the Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted; and that the Forms of

Penalties to be Proceedings relative to the feve*al Matters contained in this Act, shall be the fame as those contained in the

recovered as un- Schedule to the said recited Act, and shall be used on all Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only

recucd as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Circumstances of the Cafe ; and that no Objcdtion

Forms of the shad a^OVVt^ to be made, or Advantage taken, on Account of Want of Form only in any such

Schedules there- Proceedings,

of to be used in the Execution of this Act.

Penalty to be

reco ered in

like Manner at

the Tolls.

to be painted on

the Oir fide of

each D.»or of

every Stage

Coach, except

Mail Coache*.

Penalty on

Coachmen per-

nuttir.g other

Pe» suns to drive,

&c.

Jf the Guard

, fire off his

Arms, except

for Defence, to

forfeit 20s.

Penalties in-

Publick Act. VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act be deemed a Ptiblick Act; and dial 1 be judicially taken

Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading

the fame.

CAP.

