«*

G. 90—102. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A< D.

in the said Pariflj; and for discontinuing as a publick Highway Part of a Street called Upper Ground

Street, in the said rarifli,

CAP. XQI. ' a

• *

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County

of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Neiherpool, in the County of Chester i and also for making and

maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal. . V

CAP. XC1I.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of

Suffolk; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein,

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Town of Chelmffordy or some

Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Collier's Reacby in or near the

River Blackwatcry in the said County.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from the Town of Grantham, in

the County of Lincoln, to the River Tre?ity near Nottingham Trent Bridge ; and also a Collateral Cut from

the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Binghamy both in the County of

Nottingham.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Vil-

lage of Aberdarey in the County of Glamorgan \ and for making and maintaining a Rail Way or Stohe

Road from thence to or near Abernanty in the Parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said County.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthfiire

Canal, near the Town of Pontvpooly in the County of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining Rail

Ways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock

and ALonjjiouth.

CAP. XCVIL

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severny at or near the City of GIou-

cester, into a Place called Berkeley Pilly in the Parish of Berkeley; and also a Cut to or near the Town of

Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester to communicate with the

River Neny in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Na-

vigation.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with

the River Oujcy at or near the City of Torky to Siillington Milly in the Parish of Stillingtony in the North

Riding of the County of York; and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side

of the said River FoJ's.

CAP. C.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for erecting Piers iny and for repairing and keeping in Repair We Har-

bour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Suflexj and for impowering the Commrf-

sioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Aruny from the said Harbour

to the Town of Arundel% in the said County.

CAP. Cl.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints within

the Town and County of the Town ^Southampton, and for purckafing Land for the rurpose of a Church

Yard for the Vie of the said Pari lb*

CAP. CII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trenty at or near Swarkftone Bridge%

to and through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eatony with a Cut out of the said Canal in or near the said

Borough, to join the EreujaJh Canal near Sandiacrey and for making Rail Ways from such Canal to

Several Collieries in the Parishes or Liberties of Denby, HorJJey, and Smalley y all in the County of Derby.

CAP.

