12

May «*, toi

end Tune a ;

and Lammas

Term to begin

upon June 17,

and end July 5.

Spring Circuits

to be held be-

tween March it

and May is.

16 Geo. t, Cap.

JJ. recited*

CnmpTjinttothe

Lord Ordinary,

to be equivalent

to Complaint to

the Court of

Session as direct-

by the recited

A&.

Writ* already

issued from the

Exchequer, re-

turnable on June

iz, 1790, may

be proceeded on

as if they had

been returnable

on the ift Day

of Lammas

Term.

C. 18. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III* A.D. 1790.

Exchequer shall at all Times hereafter begin on the twelfth Day of May, except the said twelfth Day of

A lay shall happen to be on a Sunday, in which Cafe the said Ih kitfurtide i erm shall begin upon the first

Monday aficr the said twelfth Day of May, and that at all Times hereafter the said Whitfwitide Term shall

end upon the second Day of 'June, except the said second Day of 'June shall happen to be upon a Sunday,

in which Cafe the fau\ Term shall end on the Saturday preceding fuen second Day oi June \ and that Lam-

mas Term lor the said Court shall, at all Times hereafter, begin on the seventeemh Day of June, except

the said seventeenth Day of June thall happen to be on a Sunday', in which Caie the said Lammas d erm

shall begin upon the first Monday alter such (eventeeitth Day of June; and that at all Times hereafter tl»e

said Lammas Term shall end on the fifth Day of July, except the said fifth day of July shall happen to be on

a Sunday, in which Cafe the said Term shall end on the Saturday preceding such fifth Day of Jidy.

4 111. And whereas it is necelTary that the Circuit Courts or Juluciary be held during the Vacation of

4 the Court of Session;’ be it therefore enacted, That, at all Times hereafter, the Spring Circuits of

the Couit of Judiciary shall be held between the twelfth Day of March and the twelfth Day of

May.

4 IV. And whereas, by an Act nafied in the fixtoenth Year of the Reign of his late Majrfly King

4 Gcrrge the Second, intituled, An Act to explain mid amend the Laws touching the Elect lorn of Members

4 to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to rejirain the

4 Partiality, and reyulate the Conduct of Returning Officers at such El.tiions, it is, inter alia, enacted,

4 That if at any Michaelmas Meetir.g, or Meeting for Jbledion, any Peribn claiming to be inrolled shall, by

4 Judgment of the Freeholders, be reluftd to he admitted ; or if any Person who (load upon the Roll, shall by

4 like Judgment, be llruck off, or left out of the Roll, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, who is ibrefufed

4 to be ad minted, or whose Name is foftruck off or left out of the Roll, to apply (so as such Application be made

4 within four Calendar Months after their being so re ful', ft ruck off, or left out) by Summary Complaint to the

4 Court of Session, who Hull grant a W arrant for fiimmomrig the Person or Persons upon whose Objection or

4 Objections he was refilled to be admitted or was (truck off or left out as aforesaid, upon thirty Days Notice

4 to answer, and shall proceed to hear and determine in a summary Way on Inch Complaint; and if any

4 Person shall be inrolled whose Title shall be thought liable to Objection, it shall and may be lawful for any

4 Freeholder, (landing upon the said Roll (whether such Freeholder was present at the Meeting or not), who

4 apprehends that such Person had not a Right to be inrolled, to apply, in like Manner, by Complaint to the

4 Court of Session, (b as such Application be made within four Calendar iMontiis after such Inrollment: And

4 whereas it may happen, in Conlequence of the said Alteration in the Time of holding the Summer Session in

4 the Court of Session, that the said four Calendar Months may elapse before there is a proper Opportunity

4 of applying to the Court of Session by Complaint in the Cafes provided for by the said Act of the sixteen til

4 of his late Majesty be it therefore enacted. That a Complaint, presented to the* Lord Ordinary on the

Bills in'Time of Vacation, within the said four Calendar Months, shall be equivalent to, and havfc the

fame EfFed, for all the Purposes provided for by the said Act of the sixteenth of his late Majesty, as if

such Complaint had been presented to the Court of Session while fitting. Provided always, that printed

Copies of such Complaint be lodged in the usual Form on or before the third lederunt Day of the ensuing

Session.

4 V. And whereas several Writs and Precedes of the said Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh have al-

4 ready issued, returnable on the twelfth Day of June next, being the first Day of IVkitfuntide Term one

4 thousand seven hundred and ninety, as the Terms of the said Court heretofore flood ana were by Lawap-

4 pointed, which Day will now, according to the Alteration by this Act made in the Terms of the said

4 Court, fall not in Term Time but in Vacation, whereby Inconveniencies might arid* in carrying on Pro-

4 ceedings before the said Court;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several

Writs and Processes shall, and they are hereby declared to be returnable on the said seventeenth Day of the

said Month of June, being the first Day of Lammas Term, as by this Act established, and that all Pro-

ceedings to be had and taken on the said Writs and Processes shall and may be had and taken in the fame

Manner, and shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Writs and

Processes had originally been made returnable on the said first Day of Lammas. Term one thou find seven

hundred and ninety, as by this Act established; any Law, Cult am, or Usage to the contrary aotwith-

standing.

CAP. XVIIL

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the Ma-

nufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak

Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting

the Exportation of Tools and Ucenfils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufac-

tures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, em-

ployed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the afeer-

taining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

4 WHEREAS the Laws herpin-after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial^

4 YV and are near expiringbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

7 sembled.

