A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

i, It N Act for raising the Sum of eleven Millions by way

of Annuities,

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain

additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors,

brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for

Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland

and imported into England.

3. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional

Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain.

4. An Act for making perpetual certain Duties on Foreign

Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain.

5. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulat-

ing the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Do-

minions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging

to the United States of America, so far as the fame relate

to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this

Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging

to the said United States.

'6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

four.

8. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be rai'fed in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

9. An Act for preventing Money or Eftefts in the Hands of

his Majesty’s Subjects, belonging to or dispofableby Per-

fons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the j

Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France;

34Geo, 111.

and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of

the Individual Owners thereof.

10. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and

Mittens sold by Retail,

11. An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of

Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the 1 ime limited by Law, and for giving further

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members

and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or, having been damped,

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to

provide Admissions duly stamped ; to give further Time

to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits

of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and

Solicitors ; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and

Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the

Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing

further Time for that Purpose.

13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Du-

ties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attor-

nies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

15. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional

Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in or imported into

Great Britain.

16. An Act for augmenting the Militia.

h 17, An

