A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 1.

For every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita as

aforesaid), above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the

Importer before the landing thereof, one Shilling and eight Pence,

67

For every Gal-

lon above Prcof,

n, 8 d,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Dufy

hereby imposed, for or in respeit of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, may be bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such

Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore

charged for or in respeit of such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by

Law paid and payable.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That noWafti which shall be

brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regula-

tiens, and Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

extradting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise granted by this Act,

Additional Duty

on Rum,&c.

from the Britisht

PtanutionSjinay

be bonded.

Waft brewed in

England, accord-

ing 10 28 Geo.

3. c. 46, to

be exported to

Scotland, not

chargeable with any Duty under this A&,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as

shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners

of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time

being.

V. And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made, before the said fifth Day of January one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-one, by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for British^ Spirits to be delivered

4 after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one \ be it therefore enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That such Distillers and Makers of Spirits delivering such British Spirits after the

said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall

be allowed;to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect

of the Wort or Wash from whence such Spirits were ex trailed or made, to the Price thereof, and shall be enti-

tled, by Virtue of this Act, to be paid for the fame accordingly.

VI. And be it further enaited by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in

respeit of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the BritiJ).) Colonies or Plantations, shall be allowed,

on the shipping thereof as Stores to be spent and consumed on Board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas,

in the same Manner as the former Duties imposed thereon now are, or hereafter may be direited to be allowed

by Law.

VII. And be it further enaited, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of JVards, and Liveries, and Tenures

in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and forfetiling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof;

or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and established

for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties

thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties or Provisions are made

and prescribed by this Act), shall be praitifed, used, and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising,

levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for pre-

venting, deteiting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effeitually, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Direitions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

were particularly repeated and re-enaited in this present Ail.

VIII. And be it further enaited by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Excise which were by

an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties

of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, imposed fora limited Time, for or in respeit

of fermented Wort, or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extradting

Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, and

for or in respeit of Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or

Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extraiting

Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respeit of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made as afore-

said from Melaflcs or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extraiting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for

or in respeit of Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash

prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extraiting Spirits

for Home Consumption, ami which were, by several Acts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thir-

tieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon the fifth Day of July one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be, and the fame are hereby severally and respeitively further con-

tinued from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, until and upon the fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: And the said Duties, together with the additional

Duties by this Act imposed (except in such Cafes where other Provisions-are hereby prescribed,), shall (everally

K 2 and

Duties to be

under the Ma-

nagement of tine

Commiflfioners

of Excise in Eng-

ljnd and Scot-

land respectively,

A Sum equiva-

lent 10 the addi-

tional Duty, may

be charged on

British Spirits

delivered after

J>n. 5, i79r,

on Contracts

made before that

Day.

The additional

Duty on Rum,

&c. of the Bri-

tish Plantations,

to be allowed on

/hipping it as

Stores.

Power* of iz

Car. 2. c. 14, to

extend to this

Ad.

Duties of Excise

imposed, for a

limited Time,

by 27 Geo. 3.

c. 13. on

Wash brewed in

England. f< r

extrading Spi-

n's for Home

Confemption,

and which were

continued by

subsequent AOs,

further conti-

nued till July 5,

1793*

c.

