A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 55, 56. 395

II. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no Person acting under any such Warrant of Dif-

tress as aforesaid shall be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, by reason of any irregularity or Informality in such

Warrant, or in any Proceedings thereon, but any Person aggrieved by the iflliing or Execution of such

Warrant may recover the Special Damages thereby by him or her fuftarned, in an Act! on of Trelpafs, or on

the Cafe, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record.

III. And whereas Warrants of Distress granted by Justices of the Peace arc in many Instances ineffec-

4 tual, by reason of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons against whom such Warrants are granted being

4 out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice granting the fame Be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cafes

where any Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine, or other Money, may by the Warrant of any Justice or Justices of the

Peace be directed to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, if

sufficient Distress cannot be found within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justice granting such Warrant

of Distress, on Oath thereof made by one Witness, before any Justice of the Peace of any other County,

Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place, (which Oath shall be by him certified by In-

dorP-ment on such Warrant,) such Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine, or other Money, or so much thereof as may

not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such W arrant and Indorsement, be raised and

levied by the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant of Distress shall have been originally directed, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, in such other County, Riding, Divi-

fion, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place; and the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be

applied and disposed of for such Purposes, and in like Manner, as if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such

Person or Persons had been found within the Jurisdiction of the Magistrate originally granting such War-

rant j and if no such Distress can be found, such Offender or Offenders shall and may be forthwith proceeded

against according to Law: Provided always, That no Justice who shall indorse any Certificate upon, or au-

thorize the Execution of any such Warrant of Distress which may not have been granted within his Juris-

diction, shall be answerable or accountable for any Irregularity which may have been committed or done in

or about the obtaining or granting of such Warrant of Distress.

Juiifdi&iom, not to be 2nf\verable for any Irregularity in

No Persons to

be deemed T ef-

p a fliers on Ac-

count of Irregu-

larity in Pro-

ceedings, &c.

Where Distress

cannot be lound

in the Jurisdic-

ti»>n of Justices

granting War-

rants, it may be

levied in any

other Place*

Justices autho-

rizing the Exe-

cution of War-

rantsnot granted

within their

obtaining them*

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re-

gulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of

Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Ber-

muda Islands, in Fortign Ships \ and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars, ex-

ported in any other thanB'itish Ships.—[17th June 1793.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At.7 for regulating

the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar, and for

4 permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships,

4 certain Restrictions are provided respecting the Allowance and Payment of Drawbacks on the Exportation

4 of raw Sugar, and of Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain: And whereas

4 it is expedient that in consequence of the present War with France, Provisions should be made respecting

the Periods at which the average Prices of the Sugar shall be taken; and also the Prices which shall regu-

4 late the Allowance and Payment of the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of raw and refined

4 Sugars may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, on the twenty-

third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the average Price of Brown or Muscovado

Sugar, taken in th» Manner directed by the said recited Act, for the six Weeks preceding, shall not exceed

sixty-five Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on

the Importation thereof into Great Britain, that then and in such Cafe the Drawback and Bounty on the

Exportation of Sugar shall be paid and allowed; and if, on the twenty-third Days of August, October, and

February following, the average Price of such Sugar, taken as aforesaid, for each of the six Weeks preceding

those respective Periods, shall not exceed sixty Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of

Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain; that then and in such Cafe

the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall continue to be paid and allowed, any T hing in

the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty due and payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom

of refined Sugar produced from Muscovado Sugar, imported from the Briti/i) Plantations in America, shall

be allowed and paid for all such Sugar as shall have been shipped under the Authority of the said recited Act,

or may hereafter be shipped by virtue of this Act, within the respective Periods mentioned in the said recited

Act or this Act, although such Sugar shall not be or shall not have been exported until after the Expiration

of such respective Periods.

3* Geo. Iir.

Cap. 43. recited*

III. Provided

