493

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgi i III. C. 14, 15.

the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consoli-

dated Fund.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise ofthefeveral Rates

or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the

Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made* or Stock created

or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that

the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly

and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues: and that there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which

all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with

the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in thfs Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of

defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

X VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time or Times be sued, rnolefted, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

fuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or

may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon

the T rial a V erdift shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited,

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Cods awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in,

or imported into. Great Britain.—[28th March 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \X/E your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

4 cartoned by any Loan toberaised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

4 to be parted in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties hereinafter respectively mentioned \ and do there-

fore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the parting of this

Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things hereinafter mentioned, over and above all

Duties already imposed, for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of

Excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

For every thotifand of Bricks which dial! be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater

or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Six-pence:

For every thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any

greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Ten-pence:

For every thousand of Pan Tiles or Ridge Tiles, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or lesser Quantity, tour Shillings and Ten-pence:

For every hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding ten Inches

Square, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eleven-pence ;

For every hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, exceeding ten Inches Square,

and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Ten-pence:

For every thousand of Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, other than such as are hereinbefore

enumerated or described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known, and so

in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, one Shilling and Ten-pence.

The said Duties upon Bricks and Tiles respectively to be paid by the Maker thereof.

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow Tiles, made for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy

4 Lands, such Tiles being of the Description hereinafter mentioned, to be made free of the Duties imposed

4 by an Act made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things,

4 for repealing the several Duties of Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also by this Act

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or

Persons whatever to make, for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, Tiles nineteen Inches and

three-tenth Parts of an Inch in Length, and thirteen Inches and three-tenth Parts of an Inch in Breadth,

bent into a fcmielliptical Form, the Inside of the Crown of the Arch thereof being not less than seven Inches

perpendicular

Duties to be ap-

plied in defray-

ing any increased

Charges oeca-

fioned by any

Loan of this

Session, and for

ten Ye n 1 to be

kept separate

from other Mo-

nies.

General Ififue.

Treble Corts,

The following;

additinnalDuties

to be paid on

Bricks and Tiles

made in Great

Britain:

For Bricks if,

6d. per ioooo s

Plain Tiles is*

lod. per icoo:

Pan or Ridge

Tiles 4s, iod,

per 1000 ;

Paving Tiles not

exceeding 10

inches Square,

lid.:

and exceeding

10 Inches is.

iod. per 1000 ;

and for all other

Tiles is. iod,

per 1000.

Tiles for drain-

ing Lands may

be made free of

any Duty.

Tooele

