82

C. 22—25. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

di£t shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such De-

Treble Coflsr fendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the

County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act. for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made, one in the twenty-second, and the other in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the

Harbour of Mary Port, in the County of Cumberland.

CAP. XXIV.

An Ac! for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Town of OJweflry, and

to certain Parishes within the Hundred of O/wejlry,in the County of , and to such Part of the

Parish'of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred; and to the Parish of in the County of

Denbigh ; and to the Parish of Llanjil,in,in the Counties of Salop and

Fxcamble.

21 Geo. 3.C. 49.

reviled,

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes*

and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties

in Lieu thereof.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TI7HF, REAS, by an Act made and passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 \y j,efty, intituled, An Act for repcalingan Act,made in tlx twenty-J'econd Tear of his present Majesty^

4 intituled, 44 An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other

44 Notes payable otherwise than upon Demand and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange*

4 Promissory and other Notes ; and afo Stamp Duties on Receipts ; certain Stamp Duties were granted on

4 Brils of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and also upon Receipts*

4 or other Discharges given upon the Payment of Money, we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects*

* the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament act'embled, thinking that it will be for the Advantage of the

Publick to repeal all the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present

*od from A113. t,

1791, repealed.

From Aue. »t

1791, the fol-

lowing Stamp

Duties to be

via.

For tVrry Draft

payab’e on De-

mand for 40 s.

and not above

5>- S »•—3 d-i

atove 5 I. 5 s.

and r.o, exceed-

ing 301.—6 d. ;

above 30 I. and

not exceeding

JO 9 d.;

above 50 1. and

and the farr.e

Duties t > be paid

let Notes pay -

pretent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after-the first Day of August

011c thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, all the several Rates and Duties imposed by the said Act of the

twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay-

able *y and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said Act, or

by any subsequent AcS, relating to the said Rates and Duties, for the levying,- raising, or accounting for the

fame, and all Penalties and Forfeitures relating, thereto, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in

Execution ; faveand except always as to any Arrears of the said several Rates and Duties, or either of them*

which may, on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, remain unpaid, or to

•any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures reiating thereto, which shall have been in-

curred at any Time before or on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and

the several Powers, Piovilions, and Remedies, for recovering the fame respeiftively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority 3foresaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August

one thousand seven hundted and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout^the

Kingdom of Great Britainyu\uo and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi'ors, the several new Rates

and Duties following y that is to lay.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange*

Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand, shall be ingrossed,written,or printed, where the Sura

expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds

and five Shillings, there shall be charged a-Stamp Duty of three Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed

five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of six Pence ; and where

such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Nine-pence; and

where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one

Shilling ; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a

Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence :

not exceeding 1001.— is.} abtne 1001, and noi exceeding 200I.—1 8. 6 d.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Promissory Note, or

other Note lor the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be xe-iiluable from Time to Time

ime

after

uooq ie

