The following

additional Du:i>*»

of Excise to be

pa.dj viz.

480 C. 2. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

CAP. 11.

An Act for granting to hrs Majesty certain additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and

other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extraftibg Spirits for Home Con-

fumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

[24 ft February 1794.]

1 Most Gracious Sovereign, ^ '

TT 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 Yy assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, and

4 rraking such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, as shall be adequate to the inc re a fed Charge

4 occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or nfts for that Pur-

4 pose to be passed in this Sdlion of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily relolved to give and grant unto

4 your Majesty theleveral new and additional Rates and Duties herein-after respectively mentioned ;* and do

therefore most humbly beleech your Majesty, that it may be enacted , and bo it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with tnc Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Day

on which this Act shall have received his Majesty’s Royal Allent, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and

paid to and for the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcliors, for and in respect of the several Matters

and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by

any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

of wlft nudeln For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great

Enghnd from Britain called England^ for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or

Cf*H, for Home Tilts, orany Mixture with the fame, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny:

Confutrp i^n, id.

For every Gull n For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made as

fromoiherBritish aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, (except such as are before mentioned,) or from any

Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers

thereof, one Penny:

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from Melasses

or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the

Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from Foreign rtfufed Wine or

Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melaflcs and Sugar,) or any

Mixture therewith, forextrading Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers

thereof, Two-pence:

For every ninety-lix Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, Armies Bishop, and George Bijhcf of

mv,,mw..... Maidjhne, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, in-

from niib. of eluding the Bi'an thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, the Sum of two Shillings and

Corn,21.Sd »qr. Eight-pence thiee Farthings, and to in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Walh:

For every Gallon, English Wine Mealbrc, of Spiiits, of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten

over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\

and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Im-

porter thereof before the Landing thereof, Five-pence Halfpenny:

ported in o England, 3d *q

For every Gail n Ar.d for every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of such Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of one

Strergth^lkc. a to ten cvcr Hydrometer Proof, and nof exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over

prop /rti 'natead- Hydrometer Proof, an additional Duty in Proportion to the Surplus Stiength, to be paid by the Importer

ditiooal Duty. thereof before the Landing thereof.

Material;, id.:

For every Gallrn

fro-n Melides or

Sugar, id aq.t

For ev-ry Gallon

f.om Foreign

Materials, ex-

cept Melatfes and

S.-gar, ad.

For every 96

Gallons made by

Mcflri. Fishop

For every Gallon,

not exceeding 1

to 10 over Proof,

made in Scot-

land, and im*

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the Com-

miiijonera of Ex-

cife.

Wash made in

England accord-

ing to 28 George

lli. Cap. 46, for

Expoitati n to

Scotland, not li-

able co Duty under

Distillers deliver-

ing British Spi-

rits after patting

this Act,onCon-

tract* made pre-

viout thereto,

may add what

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as

shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Engla?id\ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners

of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wash which shall be

brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regulations,

and Provisions of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, forex-

trafting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise granted by this Act.

this A&.

IV. And whereas Standing Contrafts may have been made before the Day on which this Act shall have

c received his Majesty’s Royal Assent by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for British Spirits to be delivered

4 after the Day on which this Act shall have received his Majesty’s Royal Assent;’ be it therefore enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That such Distillers and Makers of Spirits delivering such British Spirits after the

Day on which this Act shall have received his Majesty’s Royal Assent in pursuance of such Contrafts, shall

be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of

the

