209

A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 34.

« N. B. The previous Commission pr Requifnion is to be nddrefled agreeably to the Superftription of the within

* Cover, in which the fame is to be inclosed, and forwarded by the Proctor ; and when the Conimi&on or Rc-

* quisition shall be returned to this Ofdcc it will be forwarded to him, and he is then to fee out Letters of Ad-

4 minillration, and fend them to the infpcdor, with ids Charge noted thereon.*

And after filling up the Blanks therein ns the Cafe may be, shall sign nnd acMicfs the fame to a ProRor or

Prodors in Doctors Commons, the fa id Inipedtor of Seamen's Wills iball at the fame Time inclose and fend

with such Certificate a Letter add relied to the i\i ini Ter and Churclnvatdcns, or Elders, as the Cale may be,

of the Parish within which the Person applying for such Letters of AJminiflration then resides ; and the

Treasurer or the Paymader of his AL.jefiy’s Navy, or the said Inhector, or either of them, shall frank the

fa.d Letter, so as to carry the fame, and the previous Cornmiflijn or Requiliuon to be inclosed therein,

free of'the Charge for Postage, and which Letter so to be addressed to the Mi nil ter, and to the Churchwardens

orElcfcis, as the Cale may be, shall be in the Words, figures, and Form following, or to the like E fil'd :

cho7lTdc’iTI of your Parish, from C. D.

and owoiihe I next of Kiti of

• N° Navy Pay-Office, Day of

•Rev4 SIR,

• TJrAVIN G received an Application attcflcd by you and two

4 also of your Parish, llatinglthat 1 is the ______ t

• A. B. late a s“uriieOP belonging to his Ala jetty’s Navy, and requeuing Leave to administer to his

• Effects;

4 I am directed by Act of Parliament of the thirty-second of George the Third, Ch. 34.. to forward you

• the enclosed -| r^S’“uor foY the Purpoll of swearing oIlA accordingly ; provided, to the bed of your

• Knowledge and Belief, 1 0?*c I answers the Description contained in the fame.

4 I am, Revd SIR,

4 Your mod obedient Servant,

4 /. P. Inspeclor.

f P. S. When the [ ^™*SJaor is executed, you will please to return it, addressed

4 To the Treasurer, or

4 To the Paymader of his Majesty’s Navy, London ;

• And specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cudoms, Collector of

• the Excise, or Clerk of the Check, whose Abode is neared to the Person applying, who will be directed to

4 pay 1 w" I the Wages due to the Deceased.

4 To A. B.

4 Minister of the Par ish of

4 N. B. If the Application above-mentioned was not attestcJ by you, as dated therein, be pleased to return the

4 enclosed ^u’2aoc immediately, that Means may be taken to discover the ImpositionP

And the Inspector, before he fends such Certificate as before directed to the Proctor in Dotfors Commons, shall

fill up the Blanks therein agreeably to theCircumdances of the Cafe; and the Prodtor or Prodtors to whom

such Certificate shall be addressed and sent, and which shall likewise enclose the Letter to the Minister,

Churchwardens, or Elders, as aforesaid, shall, immediately upon Receipt of the fame, sue out the previous

Commission or Requifltion, or take such other proper and legal Steps as may be necessary towards enabling

the Person so applying for Letters of Administration to the deceased lined ate, to obtain the fame, and shall

enclose such previous Commission or Requifnion, or other legal and neceihry Indrument, with Instructions

for executing the fame, in the Letter so to be addressed to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, and ,

which had been transmitted to him by the Inspeclor of Seamen’s Wil s, along with the •aforesaid Cer-

tificate, and shall forward such Letter and Inclosures as aforesaid by the General Pod, agreeably to the

Address put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, the Paymader of the Navy, or the Inspeclor of Sea-

men’s Wills.

XVIL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Minister, and the Churchwardens, or

Elders, as the Cafe may be, shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Letter as aforesaid, with the pre-

vious Commission, or Requisition, or ether Inftiuments inclosed theicin, take such Steps as to them may (cem

proper or necessary for procuring the Execution of fuen previous Commission or Requifnion, or ether In-

ftrument transmitted by the Prodtor, to be executed, and, being lb executed, he or they shall tranbnit the

fame to the Treasurer, or to the Paymader of his Majesty’s Navy, London; and if the Person applying for

such Leiters of Administration shall be and relide. at a Didance fiom the Place where the Wages, Prize

Money, or other Allowances of Money, due to the Deceased, are payable, he or they shall speeny and de-

feribe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of

the Check, who may be most convenient or neared to such Person applying for such Administration ; and the

{aid TYeafurer or Paymader of his Majesty’s Navy shall immediately upon the Receipt thereof, fend the said

previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal Indrument, executed by the Person applying for the Ad-

ministration as aforesaid, to the aforesaid Proctor in Dctlors Commons, who in pursuance therecl shall forth-

with sue out and procure Letters of Administration in favour of the Person so applying for the fame, in the

Manner and Form above-mentioned, to the EHate and Efleets of tlvc Person who has lb died intellate as

aforesaid.

■ roi/Tion when executed Co the ProSor, in order that Letters of Administration

E e 2

XVIII. And

Certificate to b«

aii^refled to n

Pro-for, w'th a

L*tt«r tri m th*?

in pcOc»r in the

followup Form :

Form of thq

Letter.

Prohor, on re-

ceiving Certiti-

cate and Letter,

to sue our a pre-

vious Chm mil-

lien, and to

transn.it the

famr, with the

Lett-r, to the

MaUlcr.

Minirterf, on

receiving such

Com millions,

to procure the

Fxscution of

them, and trar.f-

mic them to the

Pay Office.

Persons living at

a Pittance from

PI ice» where

Wage s are paid,

to describe the

n?~rett Receiver

General of the

Land Ta*, &c.

Treasurer of the

Navy to fend tho

frevtou* Um.

may be obtained.

