242

Coodf, Sec. al-

leged to be cir-

ri CV.dlwile

vi hr-ut Corqutfc

aiH T.cr.d, nay

be tT.inped by

Sutf.rar.ee, and

carried to tH«n

Sea by Traniire,

Sc c.

No Transire re-

quired *hert the

Sh p does not go

to open Sea, Sec.

No Ocods

shipped in Scot-

land by Suffer-

alice to be re-

moved without

the fame, and a

Certificate of the

Shipping Of-

ficer.

Penalty on Maf-

ters of VtflVl*

whereon Goodi

are shipped to be

carried Coast-

wife, proceeding

withoutCocquer,

&:•

Goods coming

into Gren Bri-

tain, by Cocquet.

Sec. forfeited, if

unshipped before

Delivery of the

Cocquet, &c. to

the Officer.

Person* counter-

feiting Suffer-

alice*, dec. to for-

feit aoel.

If Goods shipped

to be carried

Coastwise shall

exceed the Quan-

tity expressed in

the Cocquet, See•

the Excels to be

Iwfciied 3

C. 50. Anno triceffmo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

Wares, or Merchandize, were there landed and discharged accordingly, upon the Penalty of forfeiting the

Security aforesaid ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, by

this Act intended to be allowed to be carried Coastwise without Cocquet and Bond, shall and may be shipped

and laden on Hoard ary Ship, Veiiel, Boat, or Hoy, British built, and owned by British Subjects, and navi-

gated according to Lav/, and in none other, at any Port, Creek, or Member of a Port, in that Part of Great

Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town and Port of Berwick, by Sufferance or War-

rant, and shall and may be removed and carried forth to the open Sea, to be landed at any other Port or

Place in Great Britain, by Transire or Letpafs only, and at any Port, Creek, or Member of a Port, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, and may be removed in like

Manner by such Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit only, the fame being indorsed in Manner herein directed:

Provided always, That nothing in this Acct contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to

require any Transire or Letpais in any Cafe where the Ship or Vefiel docs not go to open Sea, or where

Cocquet and Bond, or Transire or Letpafs, were not, nor was required by Law on and immediately before

the nrft Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, any Thing herein contained to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have

been laden on Board at any Port, Creek, or Place, in Scotland, by Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, and with-

out Cocquet and Bond, or without Cocquet, shall be carried, conveyed, or removed out of or from any Port,

Creek, or Place in Scotland, without such Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, accompanying the fame, and a

Certificate of the Shipping Officer or Officers indorsed thereon, certifying the Particulars of the Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, which were shipped or laden on Board by virtue thereof-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Matter, or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command of any Ship, Vefiel, Boat, or Hoy, in or on Board of which any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, (lull be shipped or laden in order to be carried Coastwise within Great Britain,

shall proceed Coastwise in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town '

and Port of Berwick, without a Cocquet, Transire,or Letpafs, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land, without a Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit indorsed as herein is diretfted, in the Cafes in which the fame

arc respectively required, every such Master or other Person shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

brought or coming into any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from any other Port or

Place in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town and Port of Berwick,

by Cocquet, Transire, or Letpafs, or from any other Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land, by Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit indorsed as herein is required, in any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy,

shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be umhipped, to

be landed ox put on Shore, before such Cocquet, Transire, or Letpafs, or such Sufferance, Warrant, or Per-

mit, indorsed as aforesaid, respevftively, shall be delivered to the Customer, or Collector and Comptrollers of

the Port or Place of her Arrival, and Warrant or Sufferance made an J given from such Customer, or Col-

lector and Comptroller, for the landing and discharging thereof, the Master, or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship, Vefiel, Boat, or Hoy, (lull forfeit and lose the Value

of such Goods, Wares, and Aderchandizes j or if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes of Foreign

Growth, Production, or Manufacture, shall, on coming Coastwise as aforesaid, be landed without the Pre-

fence of an Officer of the Customs, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or the Value thereof, shall be

forfeited and lost. r

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatever shall counterfeit,

rafe, or falsify any Sufferance, Warrant, Cocquet, Transire, Letpafs, Certificate, or Permit, or any other

Custom-house Warrant, Document, or Instrument, or any Indorsement thereon, or any of them, by this Act

required, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and the Sufferance,

Warrant, Cocquet, Transire, Letpafs, Certificate, Permit, Document, or other Instrument and Indorse-

ment so counterfeited, rased, or falftfied, shall respectively be null and void to all Intents and Purposes

whatever.

VII. 4 And, for the better preventing Frauds in the shipping any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be

c carried Coastwise as aforesaidbe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if after the shipping of any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, to be carried Coastwise as aforesaid, and after the Master or other Person having or taking the

Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Hoy, in which the fame shall be shipped, shall have re-

ceived a Cocquet, Transire, Letpafs, Sufferance, or Permit, or other Coast Document, as by this or any for-

mer Act is directed, expressing or indorsed with the Particulars of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which

have been shipped, it shall be found by any Officer of the Customs, on Examination thereof, that the Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize shipped or laden on Board shall exceed in Quantity the Particulars of the Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize expressed either in the Cocquet, Transire, or Letpafs, or in the Permit or other

Coast Document aforesaid, obtained for the removing or carrying the fame Coastwise, or on the Indorsement

to be made upon any Sufferance, Warrant, or Permit, as by this or any former Act is directed, all such

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall exceed the Quantity so authorised to be carried Coastwise as afore-

laid, shall be forfeited and lost.

VIII. Provided

