The TITLES of

and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in

the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

97. An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over

the River Thames, from I wit churchy in the County of

Oxford, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Pangbourn,

in the County of Berks.

98. Ari Act for appointing Commissioners to sell and dispose

of a certain unnnilbed Building at or near Taunton, in the

County of Somerset, intendecl for a Publick Hospital or

Infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto,

in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by

Subscription, within a limited Time, for finishing the

said Building, and paying the Money due on Account

thereof.

99. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester,

and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement,

which are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part,

within the County of JVorceJlery and for providing a Bu-

rial Ground for the Use of such Parishes.

*oo. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Arot-

tinghamy to or near to the Town of Nottinghamy and to the

River Treaty near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also

certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said in-

tended Canal.

101 An Act for making and maintaining aNavigable Canal

from Kirkby Kendaly in the County of IVeJlmorlandy to

IVcJl Houghtony in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and

also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal at

or near Borwicky to or near Warton Cragg; and also

another Navigable Branch from, at, or near. Gale Mojsy

by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Pala-

tine of Lancaster.

X02. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut

or Canal from, or from some Place near Pontneivynyddy into

the River VJky at or near the Town of Newport; and a

Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place

called Cryndau Farmy to or near to Crumlin Bridge, all in

the County of Monmouth; and for making and maintain-

ing Railways, or Stone Roads, from liich Cuts or Canals,

to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of

Monmouth and Brecknock.

103. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and

regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways,

Rows, Alleys, and publick Passages and Places, within the

Town of rortfeay in the County of Southampton; and

for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and

Obstructions within the said Town.

104. An Act for building a New Gaol and House of Cor-

rection for the Town and County Borough of Car mar-

thetiy and for supplying the said Town and County Bo-

rough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for

paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the

Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and Publick Passages, and

for widening, and making the same more commodious ;

and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances,

and Obstructions therein; and for other Purposes.

J05. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

Meclway, from the 1 own of MaidjlonCy through the several

Parishes of MaidjlonCy Boxley, Allingtoriy and Aylesford, in

the County of Kent.

506. An Act for making and maintaining, a Navigation

from Sleaford Castle causeway, through the Town oi Sica-

ford, in the County of Linccl/iy along the Course of Slea-

ford Mill Stream and Kyme Eauy to the River Withairiy at

or near Chappel Hilly in the same County, and for making

riccetlkry Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation.

the STATUTES.

107. An Act for enlarging and improving the C^nal called*

Tatterjhall Canaly from the River TVitbam to the Town of

Tatterflmlly and extending the fame into the River Bain,

and for making the said River Bain navigable from thence

to or into the ] own ot Horncn/llcy all in the County of Lin-

coin; and also-for amending and rendering complete the

navigable Communication between the said River Witham

and the Fofdike Canal, through the High Bridgey in the

City of Lincoln.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Town or Hamlet

of Marchy in the Manor and Parish of Doddingtoriy in the

Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge; and for altering

and amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

draining and preserving certain Ken Lands, Low Grounds,

and Commons, in the Town ships or Hamlets of March

and lEimblingtony and in the Parish of Upwelly in the isle

of Eiy, and County of Cambridge.

109. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improv-

ing the Open fields, Meadows, Pa (lu res, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Ham-

lets of Hcfsley Aulaby, and Tranljy in the County of the

I own of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a Com-

pensation in Lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed

Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and

also within the Township or Hamlet of JVoofertony other-

wife IV0[fretony in the same County.

no. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the

Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called

Hexham/hirey and Allendale Commoriy and also certain Town

Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexha?ny in the

County of Northumberlandy and for dinting the Depas-

turing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or

Waste Land*

hi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the

seventh Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road

from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City

of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits, riear Thetford, in the County,

of Norfolk. c

112. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the

tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and

zuidening the Road from Saint BenedidPs Gate, in the

County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County

of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham,

to the Bounds of Yaxham; and also a Lane called Hang-

man’s Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

113. An Act for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and:

preserving the Road leading from the North End of the

Turnpike Road called The Coal Roady near IVeJl Aucklandy.

in the County of Durhaniy to the E/jdon Turnpike Road

at or near ElifhaWy in the County of Northumberland

and for erecting, building, and making necessary and con-

venient Bridges. Mounts, and Batteries, upon the fame.

114. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, and

enlarging the Powers of an Act of the thirteenth Year of:

his present Majesty, for\ repairing the Road from Chcrrill,

through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to

the Three-Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherrill. Hill,.

in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amend-

ing the Turnpike Road from Chittoe Heath, to.the Town of

Caine.

115. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the'

Powers of an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and iv'dening the

Roads from Hand CroB to Corner House, and from thence

to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steymng,.

anil

