A.D. 1791. Anno triceflmo primo Georgii III. C.

' XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Legislative Coun-

cil and Assembly, in each of the said Provinces, shall be called together once at the lead in every twelve

Calendar Months, and that every Assembly shall continue for four Years from the Day of the Return of

the Writs for chusing the fame, and no longer, subject nevertheless to be sooner prorogued or dissolved by the

Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Province, or Person administering his Majesty’s Government therein,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Questions which shall arise in

the said Legislative Councils or Assemblies respectively shall be decided by the Majority of Voices of such

Members as shall be present; and that in all Cafes where the Voices shall be equal, the Speaker of such

Council or Assembly, as the Cafe shall be, shall have a calling Voice.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member, either of the

Legislative Council or Assembly, in either of the said Provinces, shall be permitted to fit or to vote therein

until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, either before the Governor or Lieutenant Go-

vernor of such Province, or Person administering the Government therein, or before some Person or

Persons authorised by the said Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person as aforesaid, to admi-

nifter such Oath, and that the fame shall be administered in the English or French Language, as the Cafe

shall require:

a T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

u King George, as lawful Sovereign of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and of theie Provinces de-

<<r pendant on and belonging to the said Kingdom \ and that I will defend him to the utmost of my Power

“ against all traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts whatever which shall be made against his Person, Crown,

<c and Dignity ; and that I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his

<c Heirs or Successors, all Treasons and traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts which I shall know to be against

him, or any of them: and all this I do swear without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reserva-

w tien, and renouncing all Pardons and Dispensations from any Person or Power whatever to the contrary,

“ So help me GOD.”

XXX. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Bill which has been

passed by the Legislative Council, and by the House of Assembly, in either of the (kid Provinces respec-

tively, shall be presented,'for his Majesty’s Assent, to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such

Province, or to the Person administering his Majesty’s Government therein, such Governor, or Lieutenant

Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to

declare, according to his Discretion, but subje£l nevertheless to the Provisions contained in this Act, and

to such Instructions as may from Time to Time be given in that Behalf by his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cessors, that he assents to such Bill in his Majesty’s Name, or that he with-holds his Majesty’s Assent

from such Bill, or that he reserves such Bill for the Signification of his Majesty’s Pleasure thereon.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Bill,

which shall have been so presented for his Majesty’s Assent to such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or

Person administering the Government, shall, by such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person admi-

niftering the Government, have been assented to in his Majesty’s Name, such Governor, Lieutenant Go-

vernor, or Person as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby required, by the first convenient Opportunity, to

transmit to one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State an authentic Copy of such Bill so assented

to \ and that it shall and may be lawful, at any Time within two Years after such Bill shall have been

so received by such Secretary of State, for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Order in

Council, to declare his or their Disallowance of such Bill, and that such Disallowance, together with a

Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of such Secretary of State, testifying the Day on which such Bill was

received as aforesaid, being signified by such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the

Government, to the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province, or by Proclamation, shall make

void and annul the fame, from and alter the Date of such Signification.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Bill, which shall be so re-

served for the Signification of his Majesty’s Pleasure thereon, shall have any Force or Authority within

either of the said Provinces respeiStively, until the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person admi-

niftering the Government, shall signily, either by Speech or Message, to the Legislative Council and

Assembly of such Province, or by Proclamation, that such Bill has been laid before his Majesty in Council,

and that his Majesty has been pleased toaifentto the fame *, and that an Entry shall be made, in the Journals

of the said Legislative Council, of every such Speech, Message, or Proclamation ; and a Duplicate there-

of, duly attested, shall be delivered to the proper Officer, to be kept amongst the publick Records of the

Province : And that no such Bill, which shall be so reserved as aforesaid, shall have any Force or Authority

within either of the said Provinces respectively, unless his Majesty's Assent thereto shall have been so signi-

fied as aforesaid, within the Space of two Years from the Day on which such Bill shall have been presented

for his Majesty’s Assent to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government

of such Province.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances,

which shall be in force on the Day to be fixed in the Manner herein-arter directed for the Commencement

of this Act, within the said Provinces, or either of them, or in any Part thereof respectively, shall remain

and continue to be of the lame Force, Authority, and Effect, in each, of the said Provinces respectively, as

if this Act had not been made, and as if the said Province of 'uebec had not been divided ; except in so far

as the fame are expressly repealed or varied by this Act, or in io far as the fame shall or may hereafter, by

virtue of and under the Authority of this Act, be repealed or varied by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

z by

125

Council and Af-

fembly to be

called together

once in twelve

Months, &c.

and all Qutftions

therein to be de-

cided by the Ma-

jority of Votes.

No Member to

fit or vote till he

has taken the

following

Oath*

Covernor may

give or with-

hold his Ma-

jesty’s Aflmt to

Hills passed by

the Lfgiflative

Council and Af-

fembly, or re-

serve them for

his Majesty's

Pleasure.

Governor to

transmit to the

Secretary of State

Copies of such

Hills as have

been assented to,

which his Ma-

jesty in Council

may declare his

Disallowance of

within two

Years from the

Receipt.

Brils reserved for

his Mjjcfly’s

Pleasure not to

hive any Force

till his (Vlajefly’s

Assent be com-

municated to the

Council and Af-

icmbjy, &c.

Laws in force

at the Com-

mencement of

this Act to con-

tinue so, except

repealed or vari-

by it,. At.

