A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 59—61f. 547

all stich Sub-accountants as they shall find Occasion to examine before them, and all other Persons, and

otherwise to a & in and about the taking of the Accounts to be taken by such Boards respectively, as by the

said recited Aci are veiled in the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts; and that all the

Rules, Methods, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things prescribed or appointed by the

fafd Act for examining Accountants by the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts shall be

in like Manner expended and applied for the examining Sub-accountants by the said several Boards respec-

tively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the said Rules, Methods, Regula-

tiens, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things had been specially enacted in this Act.

CAP. LX.

An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Im-

pnionment of Offenders, as relates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places

of Confinement,—[23d May 1794.]

4 V^HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Maje,ftyrs Reign, intituled, 2% Geo. Ill*

4 ▼ V An Act to continue several Laivs relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain ^aP*

Species tf/Tritish and Irith Linens extortedT and taking off the Duties on the importation of Foreign Raw

4 Linen Tarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing

and amending several Lazus relating to the Impr-fonment and "Transportation of Offenders; whereby (among Geo. Ill*

4 other Things therein enacted) an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in- Cap. 74.

4 tituled. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprison?nent, and other

Punishment of certain Offenders; and also so much of an Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year 24 Geo. III.

,* of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Scff. a. Cap. 5$*

x Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Pr if oners hi certain Cafes, and for other Purposes therein men-

4 iionedy as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, were*con-

4 tinned until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the

4 End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient further to continue the said Act,.

4 made and passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and alfoTo much of the said Act,

4 made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign as aforesaid * be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That the said Act, made and passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and also so much i$Geo. Iir.

of the said Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Adajesty’s Reign, as extends to CaP*74- andYo

authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in force until TilClScfr*aGca°

the firil Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then Ca ‘

next Session of Parliament. 1

II. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, and of *5 Geo.

4 An Act for the more fffetlual Trahfportation rf Felons and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain HI. Cap. 46,

4 called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Pr if oners in certain Cafes, certain Provisions were made and a*rclates

4 enacted, relative to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which were to con- fCn^AV\ern-~

4 tinue and remain in force till the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from perary Places of

4 thence till the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, that so much of Confinement,

the said Act should he renewed and continued *' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, cent'nued till

from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Ma- Junc x> x?99*

jelly's Reign, as related to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall be, and is c*

hereby re-enacted, revived, and renewed, and shall continue in force until the first Day of June one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence 10 the End of the then next Session of Parliament;.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, by Persons exercising the Trade

of Bakers.—[23d May 1794.]

4 XX/^EREAS many Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers do, under Pretence of being employed in

VV Wotks of Necessity or Charity, carry on their Trade or Calling on the Lord’s Day, and areem-

4 ployed therein during a much greater Parr thereof than is requisite for such Purposes;' be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That no Mailer Baker, Journeyman Baker, or other Person carrying on the Business of a Baker in the No Baker in

City of London, or within twelve Miles of the said Ciiy, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, make, bake, London,&c, to

or expose to Sale any Househoid or other Bread, or Rolls of any Sort or Kind, cr bake any Meat, Puddings, ^orkonSun-

Pies, or darts, or in any other Manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker on the Lord’s Day, or herein mention-

any Part thereof (save and except as hereinafter is mentioned); and every Mailer Baker, Journey man , m Penalty*

Baker, or other Person exercising the Bulincls of a Baker on the Lord's 13)ay, contrary to the true Intent of 10s,.

and Meaning of this ACt, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City,

or

