A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo fecimdo Georg n III. C. 56, 57.

VII. 4jAnd whereas it moll frequently happens, that no Person is present at or privy to the giving of the

4 Character of a Servant, except the Persons by and to whom the fame is given be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the Informer, in any of the Cafes aforesaid; shall be, and shall be deemed and

taken to be a good and competent Witness in Law, notwith (landing he shall be entitled to a Part of the said

Penalty where the fame shall be levied as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Servant or Ser-

vants, who shall have been guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall, before any Information hi.s been

given or lodged against him, her, or them,-for such Offence, discover and inform against any Person or

Persons concerned with him, her, or them, in any Offence against this Act, so as such Offender or Offen-

ders be convicted of such Offence in Manner aforesaid, every such Servant or Servants, so discovering and

informing, shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified of, from, and against all Penalties and Punish-

ments to which, at the Time of such Information given, he, she, or they might be liable by this Act, for

or by Reason of-such his, her, or their own Offence or Offences.

IX. 4 And*for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,’ be it further enacted.

That all Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against

this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any

other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen; videlicet,

4 13 E it remembered, That on the Day of

4 Lord A. B. is convicted before us

4 Mayfly's Ju/lices rf the Peace for the County of

4 Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed,

4 Given under our Hands and Seals> the Day and Tear aforesaid. ’

in the Tear of our

two of his

[Specifying the

as the Cafe, shall be].

X. Provided always, and be it further .enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or hprfelf aggrieved

by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next

General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Com-

plaint shall have arisen, such Appellant entering into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, in the

Sum of twenty Pounds each, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such

Costs as shall be awarded by such Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such No-

tice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance ; which said Justices shall hear and

finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the

Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of

such General or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents Purposes; and no

Conviction or Order made concerning any Matters aforesaid, or any other ProceedingSfo be had, touching

the Conviction or Convidlions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of

Form, or be removed determined by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefe whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentice

4 WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

4 V V An Act for the Relief of the Pcor, it is (amongst other 'Things) enacted, That it shall be lawful

4 for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, or the greater Part of them, by the Af-

4 sent offtwo Justices of the Peace, to bind any Children, whole Parents they shall judge to be not able to

• keep and maintain such Children, to be Apprentices, where they shall fee convenient, till such Man

4 Child should come to the Age of twenty-four Years, and such Woman Child to the Age of twenty-one

4 Years, or the Time of her Marriage, the fame to be as effectual to all Purposes, as if such Child were of

4 full Age, and by Indenture of Covenant bound him or herself: And whereas, by an Act made in the

4 eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King IViiliam, intituled, An Atl f rf applying some Defetls hi the

4 Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, after reciting, that there oeing Doubts whether the Per-

4 fons to whom such Children were to be bound, under and by virtue of the said Statute of the forty-third

4 Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, were compellable to receive such Children as Apprentices, that

4 Law had jailed of its Execution, it w>as therefore enacted, 'That where any poor Child*en should

4 be appointed to be bound Apprentices, pursuant to the said Act of Qu. en Elizabeth, the Persons to

4 whom they are so appointed to be bound Apprentices, shall receive and provide for them accord-

4 ing to the Indenture signed and confirmed by the two Justices of the Peace, and a!so execute the other

4 Part of the said Indentures, under the Penalty, in case of Refusal, of the Forfeiture of ten Pounds for

4 every such Offence, to be levied of the Goods of the Offender, in the Manner mentioned in the said Act:

4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the eighteenth.Year of the Reign of his present Mi-jelly, intituled,

4 An Act to amend such Part cf an Act, made in the forty-third Year of the Reign cf Queen Elizabeth, inti-

tided, 44 An Act for the Relief of the Poorf as relates to the binding cf Pa rip apprentices^ it wras enacted,

4 That wThen any Man Child should be bound to be an Apprentice, by virtue of the said Act made in the

4 forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, such Child shall be bound to be an Apprentice for no

4 longer Term than till he shall come to the Age of twenty-one years: .And whereas in such Indentures of

4 Apprenticeship, it hath been usual to infer t several Agreements and Covenants to be dene and performed

32 Geo. III. L I 4 by

255

Informer,though

entitled to Psrt

of the Pi ruby, \

competent Wit-

nefs,

Offenders diffc*

vering Acoro-

piic.-s feirt't* In.

fnrrru’ion in-

demr.ified.

Jufiicep may

caule Convic-

tiens to be

drawn up :n the

following

Form.

Pat tie? stgf rievf 4

may appeal to

the Quarter Sef-

fion, v here (he

Matt-r may be

finally de:er-

mioed in a fam-

mary Way, 8cz.

Proceedings not

to be quashed for

want of Form,

or removed by

Ceriioraii,

Preamble.

43 Eliz, c. 2»

8 and 9 Gul. 3.

c 30 and

18 Geo. 3.C. 47,

recited.

