A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgij III. C. 40- 333

sixth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the 12 Cco- CaP*

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to cany Sugars x Tt>cfta°to c?rr

of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majestfs Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Co- gug^/ofVia^

hnies direClly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to Marty's Am;-

continue in foYce for five Years from the twenty-ninth Day of Septe?nber one thousand seven hundred and r can Colonies to

thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament *, and which, by several sub- {?r.er,g£ ‘>artsm

sequent Acts, made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and continue/to8*

the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further con- Sept. 29, 1799,

tinued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence &c.

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until

the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, subject to the Regulations contained in an Act made in the thirty-

second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aid for regulating the Allowance of the Draw-

back and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugary and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and

Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda JJlands in foreign So'ps.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the seven- So much of 17

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book Gco- HI, Cap.

of Rates, sofar as theJa?ne relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Rai- 43. P*rr™lca

Jins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining of xobacMPipe

the said Rule with reJpeCl to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods ; and to permit the Exportation of To- chy to the

bacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited British Planta-

Time, as permits the Exportation of'Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or t,ons in l.he

Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one ^"oVune1*

thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which, by three Acts, made in the twentieth, twenty-third, and twenty-eighth Yeans of the Reign of

his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame

is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the *9 Geo. IT.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Allfor granting a Bounty upon certain Species TaP* &rant-

£/*British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Tarns cerrlin Species^

made of Flax; which said Act was, by two other Acts, made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of British and

of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun-^ Jrifli Linens tx.

dred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by three Port!d> &c.

other Acts, made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, ™cd xt0

was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and 1794>

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further con-

tinued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of 26 Geo*Ilr*

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and

Utcnfds, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, “ An Act to prohibit Tools0 and then-

w the Exportation to foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this ft is 25 Geo. jh,

“ Kingdom; and to prevent the /educing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Cap. 67. con-

44 Parts beyond the Seasf which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and 2

which by several subsequent Acts, made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty- ears> c*

first, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this pre-

sent Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued for the Term of two Years,

and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That so much of an Act, made in the twenty- So much of 27

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Ailovjances to the Dealers in Gco 1U: CaP-

foreign Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Possefion, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties

on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise; as directs ftaii'be deemed

that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer commonly of the Strength

'called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits footed by

to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand leven hundred and eighty- eight; and Cla,ke s Hydro-

which by fev.eral Acts, made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, and thirty-second J?,uVd to'the

Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall £nd of the next

be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament. Session.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-third Year of ceo. jii.

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures C^p. 77. for ihe

of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for two Years from the first Day of Ja- E».c.-u«agement

nuary

