475

r

A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. C. 81—90.

CAP. LXXXI. . )

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

* jesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting

Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead

" Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.—[17th June 1793..]

“ 26 G*. III. Cap. 104. recited. The whole Amount of the Drawback encreased from 1,500/. to 2,500/.”

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, paded in the-eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

the better pavinv* cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard,

Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Pafiage, Church Court, and

Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto, in the Parifib of Trinity otherwise Holy Tri-

nity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty cf his Majesty’ s Tower of London,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex j and for removing and

preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same.

CAP. LXXX1Y.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to

the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley,

Bing ley, Guifeley, Culver ley, Batley, Birjiall, Mirfield, Hartifead cu?n Clifton, Almondbury, Kir kh eat on,

Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Weft Riding of the County of

York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the Parts adjacent

in the County of Devon, with Water.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County

of York, with Coals.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard or Cemetery of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, I/lington, in the

County of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, in the Parish

of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex ; and for paving and regulating such Parts

of Old Cock Lane, and York Street, as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing

Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways,

Passages, and publick Places, within such Parc of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset,

as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurifuiftion of the City of Bath, in the same County; and for

removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions; and for establish-

ing a proper and effective Police therein ; and forlicenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Por-

ters, Basket Men, and Basket Women, within the said City of Bath, and a certain Distance thereof.

CAP. XC.

An Act for making a new Street from Saint George’s Road in the Parish of Christchurch in the County of

Surrey^through Holland’s Leagure, into and acrois The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane,

1 in

