484.

The Duties im-

puted by the first

recited A& on

S|»iru*imp*Tted#

tnd ih* Duties

imposed ar d

Drawbacks al-

lowed on Sugar

impored by the

la ft, made pei -

petual.

Such Part of the

second rci

AO as requ res

the Treasury to

issue Orders for

the Deteimina-

tien of Duties

repealed.

Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer, andcarried

to the Consoli-

dated Fund;

\

and to be applied

in defraying anjr

increased Charge

occasioned by

any Lean of this

Session } and for

IO Years to be

kept separate

from other Mo-

nies*

*3 Geo. Ill,

C»p. 39.

C. 4, 5. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794;

4 thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of the same Session of

4 Parliament, (and which were raised by Exchequer Bills in pursuance of the said Act of the same Session of

4 Parliament before mentioned,) together with such Interest as should by the said Act be directed to be paid or

4 made payable, for the said Principal Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one million and thitty-

4 three thousand Pounds; and that, upon Payment of the said Principal Sums of eight hundred thousand

4 Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, and all Interest tb become due thereon, or

4 reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer so much Money out of the said Fund, to be established as

4 aforesaid, as should be fufneient to satisfy and discharge the said Principal Sums of eight hundred thousand

4 Pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand Pounds, 2nd Interest as aforesaid, and Publication thereof

in the Manner to be direckd by the said Act of the same Session of Parliament, the said Rates and Duties

4 thereby imposed should from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable :* We, yout

Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament act'embled, towards

railing the neceil'ary Supplies, and making such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, as shall be ade-

quate to the increak d Charge occasior.eo by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any

Act or Acts for that Purpose to be pcifled in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved

to continue and make perpetual the Icveral and rclpettive Rates and Duties herein-before mentioned; and do

therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duties of Ex-

cife imposed by the said firfst recited Act, for and in respect of Brandy, Rum, Spirits, Aqua Fitet^ and also

the said Duties imposed by the said last recited Act, for and in respect of Sugar imported as aforesaid, shall

be, and are hereby resptolively further continued and made perpetual, and mall be paid to his Majesty, his

Heiis and Successors; and that the said Drawbacks allowed by the said lait recited Act shall also be, and are

hereby continued and made perpetual; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding: And the said Duties and Drawbacks hereby continued and made perpetual, shall severally

and respectively be paid and allowed by and to such Persons, at such 'l imes, and in such Manner, and under

such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were severally and respectively payable by Law, and the

said Drawbacks were directed to be allowed under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts of

Parliament in force at and immediately before the patting of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Parts of the said second recited Act,

for raising a Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer BiUs as aforesaid, requiring the Commissioners of the

Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue their or his Orders to the respective Commis-

sioners of Excise, or to the Commissioners of Custotns for the Determination of any of the said Duties

hereby continued and made perpetual, and all Directions for the Publication thereof, as far as the fame relate

to the said Duties, shall be, and are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies, from Time to Time

arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Act continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, (the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted,) shall, when and as the fame respectively

shall take Effect by virtue of this Act, from Time to 'Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Ex-

chequer at IFjlmin/ler; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and

made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or toarife, from the said Rates

and Duties, when and as the fame respectively shall take Effcft by virtue of this Act, or so much thereof as

shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased

Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts

passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten

Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westmin/ier^

diltinftly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and

kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Bocks, in which all the Monies arising from

the said Rates and Duties paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other

Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge

as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects

of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried

on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said

United States.—[lift. February 1794.]

5 T X WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

1 tituled. An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the

1 United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better car-

1 tying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestfs Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said

