4-oB

Geo. MI. Cap.

46. U> be pro

duced to the Ex-

c\(i Officer, the

followinp Du.ies

to be paid

For cachCallon

f*om British

Materials,

38. ad, 2 q.

from Metafiles

or Sugar,

3 s. 16 d. 3q.

and from other

Foreign Materi-

als, 5 s. 11 8.

and in Default

of Payment, to

forfeit double

the Duty.

Certain Duties

to be paid on

Spirirs nude in

Scotland and

impor irjto

England.

3^ Geo. III.

Cap. 37.

and such Parts

of 26 Geo. J i I*

Cap. 73. 28

Geo. MI. Cap.

46. and 29 Geo.

III. Cap. 45. as

were continued

by tlm A& (ex-

cept the Duties

imposed by 28

Geo. MI.) con-

tinued to Dec.

*» 1795*

Recovery and

Applica ion of

Penalties.

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Du ies to be

kept fepaiate

from other

Monies.

C. 6r. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793*

Act, shall fall short of the Proportions therein mentioned, every such Distiller and Distillers shall, and he,

(he, and they is and are hereby made chargeable with, and shall pay the following Duties of Excise for

every Gallon of Spirits which shall be deficient of the Quantities in the said Act mentioned; that is

to say ;

For every Gallon of such Spirits fromWa(h prepared or made from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or

Perry, or any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation

as aforesaid, three Shillings and two Pence Halfpenny :

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from MelafleS or Sugar, or any,Mixture

therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, three Shillings and six Pence three Far-

things :

And for every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign

Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melaftes and Sugars,) or any Mixture therewith,

for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, five Shillings and eleven Pence :

Which respective Duties for such Deficiencies respectively shall be paid by such Distiller and Distillers re-

spectively on the Day last aforesaid; and if Default shall be made in any such Payment, the Distiller and

Distillers respectively making such Default shall forfeit double the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed

for or in respect of such Deficiency.

XXXIV . And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Gallon English Wine

Measure of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall

be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence

into that Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the

landing thereof, aq Excise Duty of three Shillings and two Pence Halfpenny ; and for every Gallon,

English Wine Measure, of such Spirits, of a greater Strength than that of one to ten over Hydro-

meter Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, an

additional Duty in Proportion to the surplus Strength, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing

thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the thirtieth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An AM to continue two AMs, made in the twenty-eighth and

twenty-ninth Tears of the Reign of his present Majesty, k for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several

4 Duties payable in Scotland, upon Low I Vines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, ami other Liquors there

4 used in the Dif illation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for

4 better regulating the Exportation of British-; nadc Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to

4 England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an AM made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, 44 to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low (Vines and Spirits

44 for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof;

44 and for the better Regulation of the making and wending British Spirits ; and for discontinuing, for a limited

44 Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies ;” and for amending

tioc said AM made in the twenty-ninth Tear of his present Majesty's Reign; and such Parts of the said Acts

of the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years aforesaid, (save and except the Duties imposed by

the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid,) as were continued by the said Act of the

thirtieth Year aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

and by another Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall, from and immediately after the said fifth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, continue in full Force and Effect until and upon the first Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

by this Act created or imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and

Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated any

Law or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record at IVeJhninster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of

every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (not otherwise directed by this Act) shall be to his IVfcjesty, his

Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the

Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall

from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at (Ve/tminster\ and the said

Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the

Fund called The Conjolidated Fund.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies

arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be

paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westmirjlcr, distinctly and apart from all other

Branches of the publick Revenues ; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor

of the said Receipt, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from thp said Rates and Duties, and

paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his.

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever*

XXXIX. And

j

Ajooooie

