144 C. 42. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

From Sept. 1,

179T, the East

Jnda Company

to [ ut up for

Sale, half-year-

ly, certain

Quantities of

Sal petre at cer-

tain Rates ;

tr Failure of

which, his Ma-

jesty in Council

m »y permit the

Importation of

it, subject to the

Puty of 3 d. per

cw:.

How the Aver-

age of Sales is to

be reckoned.

E*om Sept. 1,

F/91, so much of

4 Geo. 3. c. 29.

a? grants an Al-

lowance of

4s. 6 d. on eve-

ry Barrel of Bri-

tish Gunpowder

exported, 2nd

(o much of a 3

Geo, 3. c, 77.

as allows a

Drawback of the

by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, in Manner before-menti oned, and the said Duty of three

Pence herein-before imposed on each and every Hundred Weight of Saltpetre imported after the first Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, shall be.levied, raised, collected, paid, managed,

recovered, and applied, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and

Restrictions, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties for the Breach thereof, as are contained in

any Law now in force with respect to Saltpetre imported into this Kingdom.

VII. And in order to insure at all Times the Supply of a sufficient Quantity of Saltpetre for the Use of

the Manufactures of this Country, and the Sale thereof at a reasonable Rate; be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-one, the said United Company shall, and they are hereby required, half-yearly, at each of their

publick Saks, to put up five thousand Bags of Saltpetre more than shall appear, upon an Average taken of

the four last preceding Sales, to have been sold by the said UniteJ Company, at each of the said Sales, at

the Price of thirty-one Shillings per Hundred Weight, and not higher, in Time of Peace, and at the Price

of forty Shillings per Hundred Weight, and not higher, in Time of War or publick Hostility; and that

the Refradtion of such Saltpetre so put up shall not exceed, on an Average, five Pounds in every one hun-

dred and twelve Pounds of such Saltpetre.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Company shall

not, as before directed, declare, within fourteen Days before* each publick Sale, their Intention to put up,

or in cale they shall not at each publick Sale put up the before-mentioned Quantity of such Saltpetre at

the before-mentioned Prices respectively, it shall and may be lawful, from and after the first Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his

Privy Council, to permit the Importation from any foreign Country of the whole of the said Quantity of

Saltpetre, or of so much thereof, as the Cafe may he, the Produce or Manufacture of any Country what-

ever, subject to the said Duty of three Pence for each and every Hundred Weight thereof, as shall be suffi-

cient to make the Quantity so declared and so put up by the said United Company, at the Price herein-

before directed, amount to the full Quantity of five thousand Bags more than shall appear, by an Average

taken of the four last preceding Sales, to have been sold by the said United Company at each of the said

Sales; and the Importation of such Quantity of Saltpetre, subject to the said Duty of three Pence for each

and every Hundred Weight thereof, shall be in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Restrictions,

Securities, and Conditions, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid, shall order.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Saltpetre, so permitted to be im-

ported, shall, for the Purpose of taking the Average of four preceding Sales,^ in Manner herein-before di-

redted, be deemed and reckoned as sold by the said United Company, and be included in and made a Part of

such Average.

X. At ;d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, so much of an Act, passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation

of British-made Gunpowder, as grants an Allowance of four Shillings and six Pence for every Barrel of

such Gunpowder; containing one hundred Pounds net Weight, exported out of this Kingdom; and also so

much of an Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the

more effedital Encouragement of the Manufidures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, as enacts, That

the Duties of Customs payable and chargeable by any Act or Acts of Parliament on the Importation of

Saltpetre, ulcd and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, shall be repaid and drawn back, be, and the fame

are hereby repealed.

Du'ies on irr.poi ted Saltpetre, uftd in making Oil of Vitriol, repealed.

So much of

1 Ann*, Stat. 1,

c. 12. as requires

the East India

Company to de-

liver into the

K ing’s Stotes a

certain Quanti-

ty of Saltpetre,

repealed, and

the (Quantity

herein men ion-

to be deli-

vered,

od TVlure of

which, hi* Ma-

jesty in Council

may authorise

the Master Ge-

neral of the

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, passed in the first

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting an Ail to her Majesty

by divers Sulftdies and a Land Tax, as requires the said United Company to deliver yearly (if demanded)

the Quantity of four hundred and ninety-four Tons and one Quarter of Saltpetre, into the Stores of her

Majesty, her Heirs and Succefl’ors, at.the Price of forty-five Pounds per Ton in Time of Peace, and

fifty-three Pounds per d on in Time of War, or publick Hostility, be, and the fame is hereby repealed ;

and that, in lieu thereof, the said United Company shall yearly jelerve and deliver into the Stores of his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, five hundred I ons of Saltpetre, at the average Prices at which the said

United Company shall have declared and put up Saltpetre at their publick Sales, during the current Year,

the Refradtion of such Saltpetre not to exceed five Pounds in every one hundred and twelve Pounds

Weight; and if the Refradtion of such Saltpetre shall exceed the Rate aforesaid, then the Overplus of such

Refradtion, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be allowed and repaid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by

the said United Company, out of the said Price; and if the Refradlion of such Saltpetre be less or under

five Pounds in every one hundred ami twelve Pounds Weight, then the said United Company shall be al-

lowed and paid by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Pi ice aforesaid, so much more as the Dif-

ference between the real Refradtion of the Saltpetre so delivered, and the before-mentioned Refraction of

five Pounds in every one hundred and twelve Pounds, shall amount to.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Company shall

in any Year not reserve and deliver into the Stores of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Whole of

the said respective Quantities of Saltpetre, as the Cafe may be, of the Quality and at the Price before-

mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice

of

