on Complaint

aeainst Af-

signees, may re-

move them, &c«

A.D. 1794. : ving Annoying tricesimo quaito Georgii III. C. 69. 577

as if no former Alignment had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Cleric of the Peace, or his

Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the .Peace, heieby conforming to all Orders and

Directions made by this Act relative to them, or any'ofthemj and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties

as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or

Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignce or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns shall rc-fuse to act., that then and in such Cafe it shall be lawful for such Justices of

the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as- are given by

this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such Estate and Ef-

sects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVL 4 And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be c?urts at We(^

4 discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real m,r'n'-r» &c*

4 Creditors;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the re-

spective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sessions in (Vales, and the Counties Palatine of

Cheji.er, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, from whence any Process iilued, upon which any such Pri-

foner or Prisoners was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the

Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties

Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the

Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency,

Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any

such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein,

to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or

Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees

so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the

Estate and Eftedts of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or

Judges "respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees,

and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Eftedts of such Debtor or Debtors

shall, from thenceforth, be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and

be vested in, and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the fame

Intents and Purposes, as the fame were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid;

any 'Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where mutual Credit

hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person

or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate

and Eftedts of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of

such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their Parts, to date and al-

low an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned ; and nothing more shall be

deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace,

or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk

of the Peace, as the Estate or Eftedts of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall appear to be jultly due to

him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly dated.

LVIII. 4 And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Con- Prlfonersfor not

4 tempts, for not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and likewise for not paying of Cods duly paying Money

4 and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, awardei:h 39

4 and also upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-pay-

4 ment of Money, Cods, or Expences in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Benefit of this

4 Contempt to such Court relating thereto;’ it is hereby declared and enacted. That all such Persons are Act.

and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the fame Terms, Conditions, and Restric-

tiens as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

LIX. 4 And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon

4 Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience;’ it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners

{hall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or

they conform to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by

virtue of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein by this Act anOath Quaker's Af-

is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in l0 be

lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirm- t<tkcn*

ing, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons

convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXL Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Act not toex-

Pait of Great Britain called Scotland. und to Scotland

Where mutual

Credit has been

given, the Ba-

lance to beflated.

Prisoners onPro-

cess of Courts of

Conscience £n-

ti led to 'he Be-

nefit of the Act.

4 E 2

C A V.

