The TITLES of the STATUTES.

9. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine

Forces while on Shore.

10. An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act*

passed in the twenty-eighth Year of hi? Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act for ran wing any Doubt rfpetting the

Power of the Commijfwtnrs for the Affairs cf India, to di-

vert that the Expence cf railing, transporting, and main-

taining,such Troops as may be judged nee fary for the Secu-

rity of the British Territories and Pojjefions in the East:

Indies, /ho nil be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from

the said Territories and P offtons; and for limiting the

Application of the fetid Revenues in the Manner therein

mentioned, as relates to such Dircdtions as shall be given

or approved by the said Commissioners with rtfped to

the Payment of certain Proportions of his Majesty’s

Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East

India Company, therein specified.

11. An Act for removing any Doubt respcdVing the Sale or

Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in the

twenty-fixfch Year of the Reign of his present Mayfly,

intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to raft

Money by Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capita! Stock.

1 a. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regu-

lating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s

Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belong-

ing to the United States of America, so far as the fame

relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between

this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belong-

ing to the find United States.

13. An Act for punching Alutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to hi» Alaje/h by a Land Tax,

to be rased in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

one thousand f ven hundred and ninety-one.

15. An Act for granting to his Ms-jdiy an additional Duty

on Sugar imported into tins Kingdom.

16. An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing

of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

land, for one Year, beginning the two n tv-huh Day of

Marclo one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

17. An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and le-

yelling the Suifaces of the Streets* and other Publick

Places, within'the Hamlets of ldhreiend and Bordcjitv, in

the County of Warwick; and for removing and prevent-

■ ir.g N nuances, Chft ructions, and incroiichmcms, and

regulating the driving of Carts and other Carriages used

for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein.

18. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for paving, lighting, chunfvig, watering,

and watxfAng the Streets, and other pul lick Places, within

such Part nf the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County

”of Middlesex, as lies on the IVf Side of Tottenham

Court Road; and for preventing Nuijances and Olf ruc-

tiens therein \ and for obliging the Trustees for the Care

of the said Road, to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part

of the said Road as is therein dferibed.

19. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and

rendering more effectual, an Act made in the thirty-first

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and cAlerting

the Poo As Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in

the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the

County of Surrey, and for other the'Pur poles therein

mentioned*

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Pariftx of Cottingham, in the

4

wau«jj

East Riding of the County of York; and for amending air

Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his prefenF

Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain

Lands, Grounds, and Common Pashires, in the said Parish

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty

on Certificates ifiiied with respect to the killing of Game.

22. An Act for building a new Common Gaol and Sef-

fion House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County

of Surrey, and for diipoling of the present County Gaol,

and the Ground thereto belonging.

23. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts

made, one in the twenty-second, and the other in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Georgi the

Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Har-

bour of Alary Port, in the County of Cumberland.

24. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poof belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to cer-

tain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the

County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of

Llanxwyuech as lies within the skid Hundred; and to the

Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh; and to the

Parish of LlanJiTin, in the Counties of Salop and* Denbigh.

25. An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Sills f

of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, P^£-1-rlrv:

Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting

other Duties in lieu thereof. ,

26. An Act to 2U0W the Importation of Seal Skins cured*

with Foreign Salt free of Duty, for a limited Time.

27. An Act for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon

tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting,

other Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain Duties of

Customs on tanned Goat Skins imported.

28. An Act to enable his Majesty to makf Compensation-

to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, for the

Loss of their Offices.

29. An Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in*

the Island of Newfoundland, for a limited Time.

30. An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation-

of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on f oreign Corn

imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

31. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the

fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Art

for making more ejfettual Provjion for the Government of the

Province of Quebec, in North America j and to make fur-

ther Provihon lor the Government of the said Province.

32. An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restric-

tiens, the Persons therein defended, from certain Penalties

and Disabilitics to which Papists, or Persons professing the

Popish Religion* are by Law iubject.

33. An Act for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred

thousand Pounds by tire Governor and Company of the

Bank of England into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Ex-

chequer.

34. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity

of twelve thousand Pounds on iiis Royal Highnefe the

Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure.

35. An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny

competent Witnesses.

36. An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats*

and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the

Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone

any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected,

re-adraeafured, marked, and nailed.

37. An Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain

of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy,

Unless brought directly from thence.

38. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the

Trade between the Stibjetts of hit Majcjlfs Colonies and

Plantation*

' AL ft e

