A.D. 1793.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 2.

289

29 Geo. II,

Cap. 16.

CAP. II.

An Act to enable his Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores; and more

effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when

prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

WHEREAS the Publick Safety may require temporary Restraints upon the Exportation of Naval Preamble

Stores: And whereas it is also expedient that further Provision should be made to prevent the Ex-

4 portation of, or shipping to be carried Coastwise, any Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms,

4 or Ammunition, when the Export of the fame, or the carrying of the fame Coastwise, is prohibited

4 by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, or Order in Council, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-

4 ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Atl to impower his

9 Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt Petre, and to enforce the Law for impowering his Majesty to pro-

4 bibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition; and also to empower / is Ma~

4 jejty to refrain the carrying Ccajiwife of Salt Petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition :* Be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That his Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he shall fee Cause, and for such

Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or the attempting to export, Pig Iron, Bar

Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rofm, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Mails, Yards, Bowsprits, Oars,

Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copper, and other Naval Stores.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all

Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Mails, Yards,

Bowsprits, Oars, Oakum, Oker, Sheet Copper, and other Naval Stores, which shall be exported, trans-

ported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be ex-

ported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, contrary to any Proclamation of his Majesty, or

Order of his Majesty in Council, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs; and all and every Person or Perform offending therein shall forfeit treble the Value of such Naval

Stores respectively, as shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or laden

or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for that Purpose; and such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together

with herGuns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the fame shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Salt Petre, Gunpowder, Arms, or

Ammunition, prohibited by Proclamation or Order of his Majesty in Council, to be carried Coastwise,

which shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be carried Coastwise, shall

be forfeited in like Manner as such Articles would be forfeited if shipped or laden for the Purpose of being

exported out of this Kingdom, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted in like Manner, and the Person or

Persons offending therein shall be subje£l and liable to the like Penalties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on

board which any Salt Petre, Gunpowder, Arms, or Ammunition shall be exported, transported, carried, or

conveyed out of this Kingdom, or carried Coastwise, or on board of which such Articles as aforesaid shall

respectively be laden or laid for any of the Purposes aforesaid, when the fame shall be prohibited by Pro-

clamation or Order in Council, to be exported or carried Coastwise, shall be forfeited, together with all her

Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer

or Officers of the Customs.

His Majesty may

pr.»h'bit the ex-

porting of Pig

Iron, See,

All Pig Iron,

Sec. exported

Contrary to his

Majesty’s Pro-

clamation, to be

forfeited (with

treble the Va-

lue), and the

Vessel, &c. and

may be seized by

the Officers of

the Customs.

Salt Petre, &c.

prohibited to

be carried Coast-

wife, if /hipt for

that Purpose, to

be forfeited, See,

Vefl*els on board

of which Salt

Petre, Sec. Quit

be exported or

carried Coast-

wife, when pro-

hibited by his

Majesty, to be

forfeited.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, This a a not to

or any other Ships or Vessels or Boats in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or employed ex,e,d to Ship*

by his Majesty’s Board of Ordnance; nor to prevent any Ship or Vessel from taking or having on board War# &c%

such Quantities of Naval Stores as maybe necessary for the Use of such Ship or Vessel during the Course of

her intended Voyage; or any Ship or Vessel from taking or having on board by Licence from the Lord

High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for tile Time being, any Arms or

Ammunition for the necessary Use or Defence of such Ship or Vessel.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, Th-£ a a

by any A St or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. " \,c airered

pealed in the present SeAio*.

P P 2

CAP.

