120

C. 30. ving Annoying tricesimo priino Georgii III. A.D. 1791,

land, and Re*

turns made from

Scotland, the

Authority to

jmk* Rrturns

under 10 Geo,

3. c. 39. to

Cea'e.

Receiver of

Corn Returns to

continue to in-

fert in the Ga-

te,te the week-

ly average Prices

of Corn till Nov,

15, 1791

l)ut es under

this Act on the

Importation of

Corn, &c. to

commrnce on

Nov. 15, 1791,

4c c.

So much of 30

Geo. 3. c. 1.

relates to thelm-

poriation andEx-

portationol Corn

and Grain, and

30 Geo. 3. c,

42. to continue

in force till

Nov* 15, 1791.

Before Nov. 15,

1791, if the

Exportation of

Wheat, 6:c.

should be pro-

hibited, his Ma-

J* fty in Council

may authorise

the Exportation

of the (Quantities

hithertoallowcd,

to any Place be-

longing to his

Mojcftjr, &ct

•nd may o*\3er

the B' unties u>

he paid on I x-

portation when-

Cities and Towns, being Counties of themselves, and having exempt Jurisdictton as aforesaid, of that

Part of Great Britain called England, and as soon as the Sncrift Depute in each of the*Counties, or the

Steward Depute, or his Substitute, of the Stewartry of that Part of Great Britain called Sntland, shall re-

fpcctively have made Returns to the Recci\cr of Corn R.turns in the Manner herein-before directed, the

Authority veiled in the Persons appointed to make Returns by \i;tue of the before-mentioned Act, pallid

in the tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, shall ceaie in every such County, Riding, Divilion, and Stewartry

respevftively ; and further, that the Receiver of Corn Returns Hull continue or.ee in every Week to nuke

up and compute, from the Returns made to him, either by virtue of the said Act passed in the tenth Year

of his MajrRy’s Reign, or by virtue of this Act, the average Prices of the several Sorts of Com, and

cause an A bit rad of the fame to be published in the London Gazette in Manner herdn-before directed, nil

the fifteenth Day of November one thoulanJ (even hundred and ninety-one, after which Day no Return

flial 1 be made to him by vinue of the said Act passed in the tenth Year of his Majvily’s Reign, and such

Averages shall from thenceforth be made up and computed, and such Abllrad be published in the London

Gazelle from Returns made by virtue of tl:is Ad only ; and further, that the Duties irr.posed by this Act

on the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, and if lour, and the Bounties granted by this Act on the

Exportation of British Corn, and other Ai tides as aforesaid, fhr.il commerce in the fifteenth Day of

November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and that the Duties impeded by firmer Laws on

the Importation of foreign Com, Meal, or Flour, and the Bounties g.anteJ by former Laws on the Ex-

portation of British Corn, or any of the other Articles as aforesaid, and all Pawos granted for the Pur-

pose of railing, levying, answering, and recovering the fame slave aid except in ail Cafes relating to the

recovering any Arrears thereof) shall ceaie on tnc (hid fifteenth Day of Acvemher one tlntiUnd Even

hundted and ninety-one; and that all Provisions made by this Act for regulating and governing the Im-

portation of foreign Corn, Meal, or Fiour, and the Duty payable thereon, and tnc Exportation of hiififh

Corn, and the other Articles as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Bounty thereon, and the c;rlying the

fame Coastwise, shall commence on the said fifteenth Jday cf No:'ember one thouhmd seven hundred and

ninety-one; and that tire Regulations made by any former Law, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, for

any of tnc said Purposes, snail ceaie on the said fifteenth Day of Af vernier one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-one; and further, that the several Provisions made by this Act for allowing and regulating the

wdrehousing of foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, and the taking the fame out of such Warehouses for Ex-

portation, or any of the Puipoles herein-before mentioned, shall commence on the fifteenth Day of Ar;-

v ember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and that mil Provisions made in the before-mentioned

Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his Majt liy’s Reign, or in any other Law for allowing and regu-

lating the warehousing of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, and taking the fame out of such Warehouses for

Exportation, or any of the Purposes therein mentioned, shall ceaie on the said fifteenth Day of November

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

XCI. And be it further enacted. That so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament (in-

tituled, An Act for indcmnjyl,ig all Perjouf 'who have been concerned in advfing or carrying into Execution

certain Orders of Council r</petting the Importation and Exportation cf Corn and Grain ; and also certain

Ordu‘smiJJ'ued by the Govern, or General of Pis Alxj/ly's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in

confluence of the Jame ; and for making further Provisions relative thereto), as relates to the Importation

and Exportation ot Corn and Grain ; and a!so the whole of another Act, pafficl in the same Session (in-

tituled, An AJ to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions contained in an Add, made in this pr font

Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for indemnifying ail Papons who have fen concerted in ad* ping

4 or carrying into Execution, certain Orders cf Council rejjedding the Importation and Exportation cf Corn m.d

4 Grain; and also certain Orders ijfuecl by the Governor General of his Mayfly's Colonies in America ; and

* for preventing Suits in confluence of the fame-, and for making f:u then Provisions relative thereto\ rc-

4 lading to the Importation and Exportation cf Corn and Grain ; and to authorise his Ahjrjly to permit the Ex-

4 Pertation cf Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour ; and to fa dibit the Importation thererf on the Lav Duties,')

shall continue and be in force until the fifteenth Day of November one thousand leven hundred and

ninety-one.

XCII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore fax!. That if at any Time or Times, before the

fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, any Sort of Wheat, Wheat-

flour, Ififcuit, Rye, Rye-meal, Barley, Barley-meal, Oats, C3; t-meA, Pease, or Beans, (lull be prohibited

to be exported from Great Bt fain by virtue of the find recited Act?, or of any Authority therein given

to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcilbrs, by and whh the Advice of his or their Privy Council, it shall

and may be lawful, nevertheless, for his Majesty, h s Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are here-

by authorised, by and v/ith the Advice of his or their Pi ivy Council, to permit and allow the importation

to any Dominion, Territory, Plantation, Colony, Ifiur.d, Province, Factory, Place, or Fishei y, to his

Majesty, his licirs or Succchois, belonging, of such v Quantities cf’each aid eery such Sort of Corn and

other Articles as aforesaid, as hath at any Time been allowed to be exported to ll»cU or the fame Dominion,

Territory, Plantation, CVijny, Eland, Provir.ce, Factory, Place, or Fiinerv, icfpedivdy to ms Airjdty be-

longing, by any Art or Act \A rarbament heretofore made, and of any Quantity or Quantities of cuen and

every Inch Sort of Corn and other Articles, as aforesaid, to the IHand of Nraefounfdar.d, and to the Brit jh ifUnus

in the li'f! Indies, as shall from Tune to Time be found net diary and requ htc for the Use of the-fi ifhery of the

laid Iilaiui ot Newfoundland, and for the Food and Sudenar.ee or the Inhioiiantsol the said Islands retpcchvcly*

XCHL And be it further enacted by the Authority afoielaiJ, T hat whenever the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, and other Articles made thereof. On which Bounties have been heretofore payable, (ha!! he fio \r r~

mated, and that the Prices thereof rdpc&ively taken in the Manner directed by an Act, puY-d in toe

lentil

