75

A.D. 1791, Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 6-.—10.

at Liberty, and are hereby authorised to appoint any other two or more sufficient Persons, who can give

such Security as aforesaid, redding within the Limits and bounds of the Parishes, Townships, Con-

stablewicks, and Places where they shall be chargeable, to be Collectors of the said former Rates and

Duties.

XV. Provided always, That if no Persons can be found within the several Parishes, Townships, Con-

stablewicks, or Places respectively, who are willing or able to give such Security, then, and in such Cafe,

the Persons who are first named by the Commissioners, as directed by the said Act, shall be Collector of

the said former Rates and Duties,

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one. [41.],

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifi-

cations within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes ; and to indem-

nify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been

omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for

allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors;

and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmic

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for

giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. X.

An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year

of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power

of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, trans-

porting, and maintaining such Troops as may be"judged necessary for the Security of the British

Territories and Poffcssions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising

from the said Territories and Possessions \ and for limiting the Application of the said Re-

venues in the Manner therein mentioned, as relates to such Directions as shall be given or

approved by the said Commissioners with respect to the Payment of certain Proportions

of his Majesty’s Forces in India> and of the European Forces of the East India Com-

pany therein specified.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for removing any Doubt respetiing the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs

c of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops as may be judged

4 necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out cf

4 the Rc\>enues arising from the said Territories and Possefions ; and for limiting the Application of the said Re-

4 venues in the Manner therein mentioned, it is, amongst other Things, provided and enacted, That it shall not

4 be lawful for the said Commissioners to give or approve any such Direction as in the said Act is mentioned,

4 with respect to the Payment of any greater Nember of his Majesty’s Forces, or of the European Forces

4 of the East India Company than is therein specified respectively : And whereas, by reason of the present

4 War in India, it is become expedient, that a further Number of his Majesty’s Forces should now be sent

4 to the Ecifi Indies, in Addition to those, the Payment of which the said Commissioners are by the said

4 Act authorised to direct and approveMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiftloners for the Affairs of India, and they are

hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-two, to give or approve Orders and Directions that the Expences to be incurred for

L 2 transporting

If no Person

can be found

willing 10 g:ve

Security, »he

Person first

named to be

Collector,

Preamble#

aS Ceo, 3#c.

Commlflionert

for the A {fairs of

India impowered

to order the Ex-

pencei of trans-

