IO

Act to continue

in Force till

April 5,1791;

but may be re-

pealed thi*

Session.

Preamble.

a r Geo. 3.

c. 5*.

*4 c*». j.

c. 66.

Commissioners

of Longitude

to certify the

Prob?bil ty of

Succ« f* o» any

Proposal for dif-

covcrinii the

C. 12—14. Anno trice (into Georgii III. A.D. 179

IV. And be it farther enabled, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no

longer.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or re-

pealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

tiens within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes ; and to indem-

nify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been

omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for al-

lowing them'Lime to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors ;

and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglebled to transmit De-

feriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for

giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, (intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety), together with those named in two former Abls for

appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Dif-

coveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Im-

provements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for

adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude

at Sea.

c \X7 HERE AS by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 VV tituled, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Perjons making certain Discoveries

4 forfinding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and

4 for making Experiments relating thereto, the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea were

4 impowered, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that should be

4 made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in

4 Navigation, lo as to think it proper to caule Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the fame to the Com-

4 missioners of the Navy ; and also, in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Dif-

4 covery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to be intituled to any of

4 the great Rewards specified in an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for the Repeal of all former Act 5 concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as

4 relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Claifcs as re-

4 late to the conjlrlifting, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful

4 Tables ; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a

4 Methodfor finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation, and for the better making Expe-

4 riments relating thereto; yet that the said Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made

4 any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such

4 less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude

4 should think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy were

4 thereby authorised and required to make out Bills upon the Ticafurcr of the Navy for such Sums to cer-

4 tified, who was thereby authorised to pay the fame immediately to such Person or Persons: And whereas,

4 by reason of several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons in pursuance of the

4 Directions of the said hrft mentioned Abt, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude have

4 nearly expended the Sum of five thousand Pounds granted by the said Abl for the Purposes afore said: And

4 whereas the continuing the said Encouragements and Rewards, for the Purposes mentioned in the said

4 first mentioned Abl, will contribute to the Advantage of Trade, and to the* Honour of this Kingdom :*

May it therefore pleale your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, when-

ever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Propofol or Propofols that shall be made to them for

the discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation,

so as to think it proper to caule Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the fame to the Commissioners

of the Navy ; and also, in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for*

finding

