A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 45

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accountant General of the Gover-

nor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time infpcft and ex-

amine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Caflfiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in or-

der to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the An-

nuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, {ball be possessed thereof as of a Per-

fonal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of

London, or otherwise; -any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said

Accountant General for the Time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of all Sums subscribed and

entered into the Books of the Bank of England, in respect of any Annuity or Annuities for an absolute Term

of Years, in pursuance of this Act, shall, at alt seasonable Times, be entered and registered; which Entry

shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and^shall be llgned by the Parties making such Align-

ment or Transfers, or, if such Parties be abient, by their respective Attorney or Attornies, thereunto law-

fully authorized, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, tobeattefted by two or

more credible Witnesses, and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively

underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of aligning and transferring the said An-

nuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

X. Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities, or

any Estate or Interest therein, may bequeath the fame by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible

Witnesses, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Bequest until so much of the said Will as re-

lates to such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities, be entered in the said Office; and that

in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities, shall go

to the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns; and that no Stamp Duties whatever shall be

charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xx. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said converted Annuities, after the

Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, to continue for a certain Term of fix ty-nine Years and

one Quarter of a Year from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to

cease, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, shall be intitled by virtue of this Act,

in respect of every Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings subscribed and entered into the Books of the

Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act, shall, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand

seven hundred and ninety, be added to and made one joint Stock with certain Annuities which, by two Acts

made in the first and lecor.d Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at

the Bank of Englandr for the respective Terms of ninety-nine Years, and ninety-eight Years, from the fifth

Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and then io cease; and which said respective An-

nuities were, together with sundry other Annuities, consolidated and made one joint Stock of Annuities by

several Acts of Parliament made in the fourth, twentieth, twenty-second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and to be paid, payable, and transferable, at the fame Time and

Times, and in like Manner, with the said Annuities granted by the said Acts; and so much Money shall,

from Time to Time, continue to be set apart and ifined at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the said Cashier

or Cashiers,of the Bank of England, as fnrJl be diffident to satisfy and pay the Annuities hereby granted, to

continue for a certain Term of sixty-nine Years and one Quarter of a Year, from the said tenth Day of Octo-

ber one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, together with the Charges attending the fame,

out of the Consolidated Fund; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Ex-

chequer shall, on or immediately after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety,

certify to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, the

Number of Certificates which shall be hied as aforesaid in the Office of the said Auditor, indorsed in the Man-

ner herein directed; and also the Number of such Shares cfand in the Life Annuities, with Benefit of Survi-

vorship, which shall have been converted into Annuities for such'Terms of Years as aforesaid depending there-

on.; and the said Commissioners of the T reafury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer

for the Time being respectively, shall and may, for and in respect of each and every such Sum of one hundred

Pounds and five Shillings, contained in such Certificates, be at Liberty to name, in the Manner herein di-

rested, the Life of some one Person, at any Time or 'Times on or before the tenth Day of October one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety, in the Manner herein-after directed; during which Life and Lives respectively,

to be appointed as aforesaid, there shall be referred at the said Receipt of Exchequer, toThe Use of the Public,

at the respective Days of Payment in the said Act mentioned, such and the like Annuity and Annuities respec-

tively, with the like Benefit of Survivorship in Classes, as any Contributor or Contributors in the fame Gaffes

respectively would be intitled unto by the said Act in respect of an equal Number of Shares thereof, and which

Annuity or Annuities so reserved at the said Receipt, to the Use of the Public, shall from Time to Time, as

they respectively grow dueandarife, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, towards satisfy-

ing and replacing the Annuities at and after the Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings granted under this Act,

and charged thereon as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury

shall, and they are hereby required, out of the several Degrees, Orders, or Societies of Persons herein-after

mentioned, to select, in the Manner herein directed, such and so many Nominees as shall be necessary to carry

into Execution this present Act; (that is to say) such Persons respectively as are or shall be Peers of Great

Britain, or of Ireland, or the Children or Grand Children of such Peers respectively; or are or shall be Ba-

ronets of England or Scotland respectively, or Lords of Manors in England or Wales, or Persons who are

named

53

Accountant Ge-

neral ro exanvne

the Cashier’s

Account*.

Annuities to he

deemed Persona!

Estate.

Books to he kept

at the Bank for

entering Trans-

fers of Annui-

ties, &c.

A rrnmties may

be bequeathed

by Will, &c.

Transfers not

changeable with

Stamps.

Annuities, from

oa. 10,179c,

to be ad ltd to

the joint Scock

of Annuities

granted by two

Acts of the ift

and 2d Years of

Geo. 111.

Immediately af-

ter Sep:. 20,

1790,- Auditor

of the Exthe-

quer to certify

to the Trea'uiy

the Nurtberof

Certificates filed*

&c. and rbe

Treasury may,

for every 100U

5s. in such Ct r-

fificates, name

the Life of feme

Person, by O

io, 1790, &c.

Treasury to /e-

le£l their Nomi-

nees from the

Orders of Per-

rons herein spe-

cified.

