A.D. 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 355

shall not exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds in any one Year; and that the Whole of the Salaries, Members of the

Charges, and Expences of the said Board, exclusive of the Salaries of the Members of the said Board, shall

not exceed the Sum of eleven thousand Pounds in any one Year. nuaily, fee.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, before they shall proceed to Commissioner#

adlin Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities verted in them (save only the Power of administering rouke ibcfoi-

the Oath after mentioned) shall severally take and subscribe the following Oath; (that is to say,) lowing

,l T A. B. do faithfully promlfe arid swear, That as a Com?nijfioner or Member of the Board for the Affairs cf Oath.

“ * India, I will give my best Advice and Affiance for the good Government of the British Possefions in the Eart:

,c Indies, and the due Administration of the Revenues of the fame, according to Law, and will execute the several

44 Powers and Trusts reposed in me according to the befl of my Skill and Judgement, without Favour or Affection,

Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whatever”

Which Oath any two of the said Commissioners shall and are hereby impowered to administer to the others

of them, or any of them ; and the said Oath shall be entered by their Chief Secretary amongst the Acts of

the Board, and be duly subscribed and atterted by the said Commissioners, at the Time of their taking and

administering the fame to each other respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Secretaries and other Officers of the said Board shall

also take and subscribe, before the said Board, such Oath of Secresy, and for the Execution of the Duties

of their respective Stations, as the said Board shall diretft.

VIII. 4 And, for obviating any Doubt which might otherwise arise,how far the Office or Appointment of

c a Commissioner of the said Board for the Affairs of India^ by virtue of this Act, or of the Chief Secretary

4 to the said Board, be within any of the Provisions contained in an A cl of the sixth Year of the Reign of

4 Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majestfs Person and Government, and of the Succef

4 fion to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, or how far the Appointment of any such Commis-

4 honer or Secretary, being a Member or Members of the House of Commons, shall vacate his or their Seat

'4 or Seats in that House,’ be it further enacted and declared. That the said.respective Offices, Places, or Ap-

pointments of a Commissioner or Chief Secretary of the said Board for the Affairs of India., to be made

under the Authority of this Act, shall not be deemed or taken to be within the Intent or Purview of

the said Act of the nxth Year of Queen Anne, whereby to disqualify any such Commissioner or Chief Se-

cretary from being elected, or fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons ; nor shall the

Appointment of any such Commissioner, not having any special Salary annexed to such Appointment, or

the said Chief Secretary, if a Member or Members of the House of Commons, vacate his or their Seat or

Seats in the said House; any Thing contained in the said Act of the sixth Year of Queen Anney or in any

other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Board of Commissioners shall by force and virtue of this

Act have and be inverted with full Power and Authority to superintend, direct, and controul all Acts,

Operations, and Concerns which in any wise relate to or concern the Civil or Military Government or

Revenues of the said Territories and Acquisitions in the East Indies, subject nevertheless to such Directions,

Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and to such Appropriations of the said Revenues, as are by this Act

made, provided, or established, and not ottarwife, or in any other Manner, any former Act or Acts to the

contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, or their Chief Secretary, or

any other of the Officers of the said Board, by the Order and Authority of the said Board, shall have free

Access to the Books, Papers, Letters of Correspondence, Evidences, and other Records of the said Com-

pany, and be assisted by the proper Officers of the said Company in their Searches for the fame, and furnished,

by and at the Expence of the said Company, with Copies or Extracts of so many or such Parts thereof re-

fpcclivelyas the said Board shall require,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time bei-ng.

shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to deliver to the said Board Copies of all Minutes,

Orders, Resolutions, and Proceedings of all Courts of Proprietors, General or Special, and of all Courts

of Directors, within eight Days after the holding of such Courts respectively, and also Copies of all Let-

ters, Advices, and Dispatches which shall at any Time or Times be received by the said Court of Direc-

tors, or any Committee of Directors, from the East Indies, or from any other of their Settlements or Fac-

tories'within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, or from any of the Servants of the said United Company,

stationed at Saint Helena, Buffora, Suez, Aleppo, or other Parts beyond the Seas, in anywise relating to or

concerning the Civil or Military Government, or the Revenues of the said Territories and Acquisitions

in India, immediately after the Arrival and Receipt thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Orders or Instructions whatever relating to the Civil or Mi-

litary Government or Revenues of the said Territorial Acquisitions in India, shall be at any Time sent or

given to any of the Governments or Settlements in India, by the Court of Directors of the said United

Company, or by any Committee of the said Directors, until the fame shall have been fubmiited to the

Consideration of and approved by the said Board ; and for that Purpose that Copies of all Orders and In-

ftrudlions which the said Court of Directors, or any Committee of the said Directors, shall propose to be

lent to India, shall be by them previously laid before the said Board ; and that within the Space of fourteen

Days after the Receipt of such proposed Dispatches the said Board shall cither return the fame to the faiJ

Court of Directors, or Committee of Directors, with their Approbation thereof certified under the Hand

of the Chief Secretary to the said Board, by the Order of the said Board, or if the said Board shall difap-

prove,

Officers to take

Oaths.

6 Anna?,

Cap. 7.

Appointments

of Gornmission-

er or Chief

Seer^tiry not to

difqu 'lify fiom

being elected to

Parliament, &e«

B^a*d to superin*

tend ailConcernt

rfla-.ing ro the

Civil or Military-

G vernment or

Revenues in the

East Indies.

Commissioneir

or their tyfii ers

to have Access

to the Bo ks of

the Company-,

&c.

Court of Direc-

tors to deliver to

rhe Board, Co.

pies of all Pro-

ceedings ; and

of Dilpatches

received relating

to the Civil or

Military Go-

vernment or

Revenues.

Orders relying

to Civil or Mi«

1 tar> Govern-

UKnt or Reve-

nues, to be fib*

nii ttd to the

Can fide ration of

the Hoard, who

mi) al enhe

lame, ic,

