544

P»rfon» impti-

son.’.d for High

Treason, &c.

may be detained

till Feb, i,

«79S> &c>

Aftrln Scotland

of 1701, ftr

preventing

v*mng« us Im-

^ri/^nmen:, so

far as may relate

to Treason, &c.

suspended till

Feb. I, 1795,

d<C,

Privileges of

Parliament

not invalidated

by this Act.

I Oo. PI.

Cap. 1,

*9 Ill,

t«£.

C. 54, 55. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794*

CAP. LIV.

An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall

suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.—[23d May 1794.]

C WHEREAS a traitorous and detestable Conspiracy has been formed for Subverting the existing Laws

4 ▼ ▼ and Constitution, and for introducing the System of Anarchy and Confusion which has so fatally

4 prevailed in FranceTherefore, for the better Preservation of his Majesty’s sacred Person, and for fe-

curing the Peace and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom ; be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Person or Persons that

are or shall be in Prison within the Kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Act shall

receive his Majesty’s Royal Assent, or after, by Warrant of his said Majesty’s most Honourable Privy

Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, ortrea-

sonable Practices, or by Warrant, signed by any of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, for such causes as

aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the first Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such

Person or Persons so committed, without Order from his said Adajefty’s Privy Council, signed by fix of the

said Privy Council, till the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; any

Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in Scotland in the Year of

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, (intituled An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and

against undue Delays in TrialsJ in so far as the fame may be construed to relate to Cafes of Treason and

Suspicion of Treason, be suspended until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five; and that until the said Day no Judge, Justice of Peace, or other Officer of the Law in Scot-

land, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail any Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be in Prison within

Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, without Order from his said Majesty’s Privy Council, signed by fix

of the said Privy Council: Provided always, That, from and after the said first Day of February one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-five, the said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of

all Laws and Statutes any Way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm, and

that this present Act shall continue until the said first Day of February one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-five, and no longer.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to invali-

date the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Adember

of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he stands fuf-

pefted be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House

obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

CAP. LV.

An Act: for favino: to his Majesty the Duty of new Subsidy on Tobacco, imported into

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[23d May 1794.]

4 WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the first Year of his Adajesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act

4 ' ▼ for the Support of his Alai fly's Houjehohl, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great

4 Britain,) the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, and other Revenues granted to his late Majesty King

4 George the Second, for defraying the Exnences of his Majesty’s Civil Government, were made Part of

4 the Aggregate Fund, and a certain Revenue granted out of the said Fund to his Majesty during his Life;

4 but by the said Act it is provided and enacted, that the several and rcipeftive Duties and Revenues which

4 were payable to his late Adajesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ for

4 and during his Life, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the Life of his present Majesty, in

4 the same Manner only, and (iibjeft to the fame or the like Charges thereon, as the fame were liable or sub-

4 jest to during his said late Majesty’s Life: And whereas by another Act, made and passed in the twenty-

ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and

for granting new Duties in lieu theteof) it was enacted, that, from and after the tenth Day of October one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Duties upon Tobacco imported into Great Britain, imposed

by the Act therein recited, and the Drawbacks thereby allowed upon Exportation thereof from Great Britain,

together with the Duties by the said recited Act imposed upon Snuff so impoited, should cease and deter-

mine ; and that, from and after the said Day, in lieu and in rtead of the said Duties and Drawbacks thereby

repealed, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, the several Duties of Customs and Excise in

the said Act specially enumerated and put down ; and it is thereby enacted, that all the Monies arising by the

Duties by the said Act imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted)

shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his A'laj city’s Exchequer at WesiminJhr, and the said

'Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the

4 Fund

