A.D. 179a. . Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 32. 19

Stamps or Marks, or any of them, mentioned in or directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them,

shall be, and the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, and every of them, are hereby rdeased. and

discharged; and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, against whom 2ny Action of Debt, Kill,

Plaint, or Information, hath been, or shall be brought, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcjt-

minster, for, or to recover or inflid any such Penalties, Forfeitures, or Pitiiifhments, shall be, and is and

arc hereby wholly and absolutely indemnified, freed, and discharged therefrom, and from and against all and

every such Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments •, any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to

ithe contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding ; and all and every Person or Persons, against whom any such

Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, hath been or {hall be brought, may plead the General Blue, and

upon his her, or their Defence, give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had

thereupon.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-eighth Day Exemption of

of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, shall ccrfain Silver

extend to oblige any of the following Wares of Silver, to be stamped or marked by the said respective Com- Wares from

panies of Goldsmiths, or any of them, with^the Marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid Act, Clrg ampL

made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the said new

Mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, (that is to say) Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, any Phillagrce Work, Shirt Buckles

or Broaches, Stamped Medals, or Spouts to China, Stone, or Earthenware Teapots, or any of them, of any

Weight whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-eighth Further Excmp.

Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said Acts, or either of them, con- tien#

tained, shall extend to oblige any of the following Wares of Silver to be stamped or marked by the said

respective Companies of Goldsmiths, or any of them, with the Marks, or any of them, mentioned in the

aforesaid Act made in the twelfth Year of die Reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the

laid new Mark of the King's Head mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty ? (that is to say) Tippings, Swages, or Mounts, or any of them, not weigh-

ing ten Penny-weights of Silver each, save and except only Necks and Collars for Castors, Cruets, or

Grades, appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-eighth FartherExemp-

Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, tlon#

(halt extend to oblige any Wares of Silver whatsoever, not weighing five Penny-weights of Silver each,

to be marked or stamped by the said respective Companies of Goldsmiths, or any of them, with the Marks,

or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, or to be marked with the said new Mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforesaid Act made

in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, save and except orHy the following Silver

Wares, (that is to say), Necks, Collars, and Tops for Castors, Cruets, or Glafies, appertaining to any

Sort of Stands or Frames, Buttons to be affixed to or set on any Wearing Apparel, solid Sleeve Buttons,

and (olid Studs, not having a Biffiled Edge soldered on. Wrought Seals, Blank Seals, Bottle Tickets,

Shoe Clasps, Patch Boxes, Salt Spoons, Salt Shovels, Salt Ladles, l ea Spoons, Tea Strainers, Caddy

Ladles, Buckles, (Shirt Buckles or Broaches before mentioned excepted), and Pieces to garnish Ca-

binets, or Knife Cafes, or Tea Chests, Bridles, or Stands, or Frames.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to Public A&»

be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons,

without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Confofidated Fund ; for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety j

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

44 2,300,000/, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the current Year, which may

44 be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this

44 Ad not to be rated to any Tax. Tallies of Loan to be struck, &c. Orders for Re-payment to be regis-

44 tered and paid in Course. No Fee to be taken for registering, tffr. on Penalty of treble Damages, with

44 Costs. Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the fame Date brought the same Day, are

44 entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for

M Payment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. The Commissioners of the Trea-

44 fury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the

44 Malt Ad of this Session; the Provisions of which Ad (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt

44 Duty, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, &c. to be discharged out of

44 the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act, 621,151/. is. % d. zq.

44 Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on April 5, 1790, and 34,000/. of Foreign Secret Service Money,

44 to be applied towards the Supply. Monies raised by the Malt Ad, Land Tax Ad, Loans, £,500,0001.

44 Further Loans, 2,000,000 /.; Lottery, Vote of Credit, 1,000,000/.; 621,151/. 1;. 3 d. zq. Surplus of

w Consolidated Fund; 34,000/. of Foreign Secret Service Money, and 2,300,000/. hereby eranted out of

44 Consolidated Fund, shall be applied (wkh the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes) to the Uses hereafter

Da 44 expressed.

e

