Th4 TITLES of

%%. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from or nearly from a Place called The SaltiTford, in the

Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of' Warwick ^ unto or

near to the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of War-

wick, and to terminate at or near to a certain Navigable

Canal'in or near to theTown Of Birmingham^ called the

Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and

Fazeley Canal Navigations.

39. An ASX for the more easy raising Money upon the Hun-

. dred of Hemlingfard, in the County of Warwick, for

paying' the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of

the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized

to be done by the Laws now in being.

40. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the landing

Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before

Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further

Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from

the British Colonies in America ; to the granting Liberty

to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture

of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies directly to foreign

Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain and navigated ac-

cording to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of

Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British

Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the WeJ} Indies; to the

granting a Bounty on certain Species of BritiJI) and Irish

Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Impor-

tation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to

the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils

made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this

Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers

and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to

♦ go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining

the Strength of Spirits by Clarke’s Hydrometer; and

to revive and continue an Act, made in the twenty-

third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the more ef-

fectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and

Cotton in Great Britain.

41. An Act to enable Robert Claxton of Bristol, Merchant,

to take the Oath prescribed and directed to be taken by an

Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty,

the further Encrease and Encouragememt of Shipping and

Navigation.

42. An Act for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers

‘ and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of Kenty and

for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery.

43. An Act for enlarging the Powers of and rendering more

effectual an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for re-

building the Parish Church of Paddington in the County of

Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the /aid

Parish.

44. An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath of Abju-

ration, and Declaration, from his Majesty’s Subjects pro-

feffing the Roman Catholick Religion, in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland.

45. An Act: fot taking down and rebuilding the Tower of

the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Wor-

crester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering

the fame more commodious for the Parishioners.

46. An Act for vesting in his Majesty certain forfeited

Estates in Ireland, subject to the Dispoiition of the Parlia-

ment of Ireland.

47. An Act for placing the Stock called E aft-India Annuities

under the Management of the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England, and ingrafting the fame on the three

Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of

a Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds,

the STATUTES.

owing by the Publick to the East-India Company ; and

for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money,

by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied

in Discharge of certain Debts of the faidCompany.

48. An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Cuf-

* toms and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals,

Captains, and other Commissioned Officer?, on Board

Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships

to be supplied with Tobacco, Duty free.

49. An Act for further continuing and amending an Act

made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further en-

couraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail

Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now

payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom*

50. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the

Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain

Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so

much of an Act,^ made in the thirty-second Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the

Importation of Sugar into the Baha?na and Bermuda

Islands in Foreign Ships; and so much of two Acts, made

in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his present

Majesty’s Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber

into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the

West Indies from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the

West Indies or South America; and so much of the said

Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar,

and Turpentine into Nova Scotia or Neiu Brunfzuick from

any Country belonging to the United States of America.

51. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his

Majesty to direCi the Iffueof Exchequer Bills to a limited

Amount, for the Ppirposes and in the Manner therein men-

tioned.

52. An Act for continuing in the East-India Company, for

a further Term, the Poilession of the BritiJI? Territories in

India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain

Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the

Government of the said Territories, and the better Admi-

nistration of Justice within the same ; for appropriating to

certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Cornu

pany; and for making Provision for the good Order and

Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and

Bombay.

53. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or BuftJ

nefs of Pawnbrokers.

54. An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly

Societies.

55. An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose

Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Pa-

rish Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of

Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices; and

also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of

Distress granted by Magistrates.

j6. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance

of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Ex-

portation of Sugar, and for permitti?ig the Importation of

Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda. Islands^ m

Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on refined

Sugars, exported in any other than British Ships.

* 2 57* An

