A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo feciindo Georgii III. C. 59.

causedue Notice to be given of the Times and Places at which such Special Meetings shall respectively be

holden.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person so licensed as aforesaid,

within the said Counties of AliddlcJ'ex and Surry, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any Per-

son dying so licensed, shall remove from such House, or yield up the Possession thereof in Manner aforesaid,

or in case any such House, within the respective Counties aforesaid, shall be or become empty or unoccu-

pied, in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe, before such Licence shall be continued, or a

new Licence granted to open or continue open any such House as ail Alehouse, Inn, or Victualling House,

the Person or Persons so succeeding as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall appear at the next Special

Meeting to be holden for the Division wherein such House shall be. situated ; and the Justices assembled at

such Special Meeting shall and may (upon such Certificate being produced to them, and such Recogni-

sance being entered into as is herein-before mentioned) grant a Licence to such new Tenant or Occupier,

or in their Discretion allow a Continuance of any Licence before granted, in Manner aforesaid, to open cr

continue open such House as an Alehouse, Inn, or Victualling House, and to fell Ale, Beer, and other ex-

eifeable Liquors there until the next General Licensing Day ; any Thing in the Act contained to the con-

trary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-

ftrued to extend, to impower any Justices of the Peace at any Petty Sessions to grant any new Licence to

any House, the Occupier whereof was not duly licensed at the General Licensing Day next before such

Petty Sessions as aforesaid.

Central Licenfi.ig Day.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- The Times of

ftrued to extend, to alter the Time or Times of granting Licences for keeping of Common Inns or Ale- L-

houses, or to oblige Persons not licensed the Year preceding, to produce Certificates in the City of ^u-rTi1 rmr"

London. Persons nor li-

cenftd the Year preceding obliged to produce Certificates in London.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person so entering into the Pofief- entering

fion of any licensed Alehouse, Inn, or Victualling House, who shall fell any Ale, Beer, or other exciseable yjio licensed

Liquors, unless authorised and impowered fojtp do by the Justices at the Petty Sefljons next ensuing after thrAuth^Ty^f

the Expiration of such thirty Days, in the Mfttier herein-before directed, {hall from thence be liable to all the justices li-

the Penalties, Punishments, and Forfeitures, to which Persons selling Ale, Beer, or otto Lj^uors, by Re- able to Penalty,

tail, without a Licence, are’subject by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of life jjfefent Majesty,

intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admijfmis into Corporations or CornmNu^ayidfor further

securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great^Eritain ; any Law, Statute, or Ufagelo the contrary not-

withstanding.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacteJ, That the Certificate herein-before directed Person*obta:n-

to be obtained by the Person or Persons requiring to be licensed, shall, after the obtaining thereof, be an »”g ih; necessary

Indemnity to him, her, or them, for felling any Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, till after such Petty ^nifiedViihh

Sessions shall have been held. # pTt^Sessioni.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where the Continuance of C!erk of lh.

a Licence shall be allowed, or a new Licence shall be granted as aforesaid, by the Justices at any Petty Sef- Peace to record

lions, the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the House is situate, shall the Continuance

record the fame, and {hall be paid the Sum of one Shilling for recording the allowing or granting of every of LiccnctS»

such Licence, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of October From oa. 10,

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, in 1792, no Person

any County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place, in Great Britain, by virtue of ahy Licence {e'}. Win.e bX

or Licences granted or to be granted by any of the Commissioners or Officers of Excise, fer the Sale of frawn in°hi«

Foreign Wines, or British-made Wines, or Sweets, by Retail, to tell the fame by Retail, to be drank in his, House, without

her, or their House or Houses, or Place thereto adjoining or belonging, except such Person and Persons only having a Beer

to whom a Licence shall have been granted by Justices of the Peace, or other Officers, to fell Ale, Beer, and Liccn<*.

other Liquors in the fame House or Houses respectively ; and the several Justices of the Peace, and all other justice* to have

Officers, in and throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, {hall be, and are hereby impowered and autho- the fame Jarif-

rifed to have and txercife the fame Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities over such Retailers of Foreign or never such

British-made Wines or Sweets, who shall sell the same to be drank in his, her, or their House or Houses, or

Place thereto adjoining or belonging, as aforesaid, as they now have or exercise, or are entitled to have or exer- havener Ulferg1

cife, over Persons licensed to fell Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, by any Statute whatsoever; and if any Person of Beer,

or Persons shall fell or cause to be sold by Retail as aforesaid, any Foreign or Britishrmade Wines or Sweets, Penalty for feU

10 be drank in his, her, or their House or Houses, or Place thereto adjoining or belonging, without having a ling wine by

Licence to fell Ale, Beer, and other Liquors in the fame House or Place, eVcry such Person or Persons {hall Rct.ail> without

severally and respectively forfeit and pay for every such Offence the like Penalty and Penalties as arc inflicted £:cv,^ea BsCr

on Persons for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, without a Licence, by an Act made in the fifth Llccr*cc’

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions 5 Cco, -. c. 46,

into Corporations or Companies^ and for securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, to be ad-

judged, recovered, levied, certified, and applied in such and the like Manner, and under the like Terms, and

with the like Powers and Authorities, as the several Penalties inflicted by the said Act are hereby, or

32 Geo. III. M m by

263

at wbuh th«y

may grant to li-

censed Person*

removjnp, &c.

and producing

the nrcefla.y

Certificate*, &c.

a Continuance

of Licences, &c.

No new Licences

to be granted at

PetM S* (lions to

H'jufc* r.-»i li-

cenfei at the

^mOoq le

