56 C. i. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

For e.erv Gal- For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain

ton of V ort calkd England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, fiom any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any

irade in England fixture with the fame, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny:

St om Malt,&c.

ftr extraOing Spirits for Hume Consumption, id.

For every Gal- For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which {hall be brewed or made.

Ion of Cyder &c. as aforcfnid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned), or from

©rof w»(h fiom Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Diilillers

other British , ■> c n ,

Materials than thereof, one 1 cnny

before mentioned, 1 d.

For every Gal- For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which {hall be brewed or made, as aforesaid, from Molasses

Ion of Wort or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers

Sug?r^ 1 °d3^2 q°f or Distillers thereof, one Penny Halfpenny :

For every GaU For every Gallon of Wash which (lin.ll be brewed or made, as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wine,

ion of Wjfr or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Molasses and Sugar, or any Mixture

from Foreign therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or DistHlers thereof,

Wine.&c. xd. . D

two rence:

For every 06

Gallons of Wash

produced by G.

Bishop from not

more th^n

1 ix lbs. of Corn,

For every Gal-

lon of Spirits

not exceeding 1

to 10 over H y-

drometer Proof,

For every ninety-six Gallons of Wash which George Bi/hop of Maiijlcne shall produce from a Weight

of Malt or other (Jorn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, the

Sum of two Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity

of such Wash:

2s. 8d. 3 q.

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over

Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufacturcd in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland and

imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Importer

thereof before the landing thereof, ftvc Pence Halfpenny :

made in Scotland and imported into England, 5 d. iq. and

For every G.«i- And for every Gallon English) Wine Measure of such Spirits of a greater Strength than that of one to ten

S^renoihVhin 1 over ^V^romctcr Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof,

trwo^over Hy! an additional Duty in proportion to the Surplus Strength, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the land-

dromerer Proof, illg thereof:

and not exceeding 3 per Cent, a proportional additional Duty.

W Tf's^fie" For everY Gallon of Single Brandy, which shall be imported into Great to be paid by the Importer

Brandy i'r ported before the landing thereof, ten Bence ;

into Great Britain, iod. and

For every Gil- For every Gallon of Brandy above Broof, which shall be imported into Great . to be paid by the

j" ST' °° ’ Worter before the landing thereof, one Shilling and eight Bence:

For every Gallon

ofRum,& .from

the British Colo-

nies, 8 d. and

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fit a-, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations,

which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great , to be paid by the Importer before the land-

ing thereof, eight Bence:

For every Gal-

lon of such Rum,

&c. above Proof,

is. 4 d.

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fit,e,above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies

or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer

before the landing thereof, one Shilling and four Pence :

For every Gal-

lon of such

Rum, &c. in

any Warehouse

on Dec. 28,1790,

and delivered

out after that

Day, 8 d. and

For every Gal-

lon above Proof

so delivered,

) s. 4 d.

For every Gal-

lon of Single

Spirits, &c.

other than such

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua pi ter., of the Produce of the Colonies or Plantations,

which, on the twenty-eighth Day ot December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be in any Ware-

house in which the fame shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

and Provisions contained and provided in an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar Plantations before

Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the fame in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the-

said twenty-eighth Day of December one tiioufand seven hundered and ninety, be delivered out of any such.

Warehouse, eight Pence, to be paid by the Importer upon Demand:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Jqua Viter, over Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or.

Plantations, which, on the said twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall

be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of December one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety, be delivered out of any (itch Warehouse, one Sltilling and four Pence, to be paid

by the Importer upon Demand :

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vites(other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fitaas

aforesaid) which shall he imported from beyond the Seas into Britain, to be paid by the Importer be-

fore the landing thereof, ten Pence :

Brandy, &c. as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, to d. and

For

