156

or to preclude

Proffeution tt

the Common

Law«

Ltmitat’on of

Actions*

Central Ifluc.

Double CeAs*

Publick Act*

Pie amble.

joGeo. 3.C. 33.

rtci:cd*

From Aug. 1,

1791, no Vessel

clearing out from

Great Britain,

to carry Slaves

from Af;ica

in greater Num-

bers than herein

fptcifitd.

• Vcflc!s to be

deemed of ifre

• Toaoage fee

C., 51—54. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 179E

VIII. Provided also, Tint nothing herein contained [ball extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent

bar, or preclude any Person from commencing any Prcfecution or Adiion at the Common Law for any Act

or Offence herein-before described, which shall be done or committed within the Limits of any Oyster

Fishery, in such Manner and Form as if this Act had not been made; but, nevertheless, when any Person

shall have been punished in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, for any Offence against the fame, such

Person shall not be prosecuted by virtue of any other Law or Statute, or be liable to any other Punishment

or Penalty for the fame Offence, or to have any Action or Suit in Law or Equity brought again it him on

Account of that Offence for which he shall have been punished in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted. That no Action at Law Dial! be brought or commenced against: any Perfoit

or Persons for any Arrest authorised to be made, or any other Matter or 'Thing done, or to be done, by virtue:

of this Act, until after twenty-one Days Notice thereof, in Writing, shall have been given to the Person or

Persons against: whom such Action is intended to be brought, or left at his or their lait ufuai Place or Places of

Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action, and that every such Action shall be brought within the Space

of fix-Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the proper

County wherein the fame did arise, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may

plead the General Issue, and on the Trial thereof give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence ; and if,

on the'Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the fame was commenced without having given such Notice,

or before the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as afore-

said, or after the End of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action

shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or after fufneient 'Tender of Amends shall

have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, a Verdict shall

be entered as found for the Defendant or Defendants ; and in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be found or

entered for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ftiuil discontinue

the fame after Appearance, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement [hall be given against: the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have double Cods, and the like Re-

medies for recovering the fame as Defendants have by Law for recovering their Coils in other Cafes.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act; and shall be

judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the.

fame*

CAP- LIE

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An At? for further regulating the Trade or Eufnnfs of Pawnbrokers*

M 29 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited, and continued for a Year.”

CAP. LIIT.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money,to be raised by a Lottery. [806,250 /.]

CAP. LIV.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, fevered Acts of

Parliament far regulating the flipping and carryirg Slaves in British Vessels jrom the Coaji

of Africa.

* \\7 HEREAS an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George

4 V V the 'Third, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament

4 for regulating the flipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Corf of Africa : And whereas it

4 is expedient to continue, for a limited l ime, and to amend the said Act:’ I)c it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,'That it shall not be lawful

for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vefiel what-

ever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, from and after the first Day of August one thousand

(even hundred and ninety-one, to have on Board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring,or transport Slaves

from the Couft of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Veiled, in any greater Number than in

the Proportion of live such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vefiel,so fur as the said

Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of one such Slave for every addi-

tional Ton of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Bui then of two hundred and one Tom ; or male

Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one

such male Slave to every one 'Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Snip or Vefiel

shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of three such male Slaves, who shall exceed the

said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons of ilich Ship or V eft el, over and above

the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to

be of such Tonnage Or Burthen as is described and let forth in the respective Certificate of the Regillry of

7 each

