59s

Penal.'i?# to be

frcnvrrrd n the

N loir ut the

/\womey Gene-

fa), &c.

33 Gr*. UT.

Cap 27, or re-

tire 1 A ‘t, no* t>3

afT-dt this A&,

Ac,

33 *-o. TIT.

Cap. 73, tecUed.

Frr>m Aug. t,

1794, no Vessel

cieaiingout from

Great Britain to

carry Slaves from

Africa ri greater

Numbers thm

herein specifitd.

Vessels to be

d'emed of the

Tonnage fee

forth in their

Certificate! of

Registry.

Mahers of Vef-

felstoforfeit 30I.

fur every Slave

exceeding the 1 -

mi ted Number,

Jf more than

Twi -fifth' of the

Slaves be Chil-

dren, five of the

Surplus to he

deemed equal to

four Slaves, &c.

C. 79, 80. Anno tricenmo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

sioners, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Action or Suit

shall be commenced, in Term Time, or the Judge, or any one or more ct the Judges of such Court, out

of the Term, in a summary Way, to flay all Proceedings in such Action cr Suit, upon such Terms as to

such Court or Judge respectively shall appear necessary to enforce the Provisions of this Act; provided that

nothing done in Obedience to this Act shall alter or afreet the Right, Title, or interest of any Person

whomsoever to or in any Property whatsoever, Real or rerfoivcl, or any Contract or Agreement whatso-

ever, further or other wise than as in this Act is expressed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties given by this Act shall be recovered by and in the

Name of his Mnjetty’s Attorney General, for the Lie of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be dif-

poil'd of as he or they shall think fit for effectuating the Purnofes'of this Act, and the Party incurring such*

Penalties [hall remain liable to ail Demands, in respeit of such Money, Securities, Property, Debts, and

Krr’ects respectively, in refoect whereof any such Penalty shall be incurred as aforesaid,to which he, (he, t>r

they would have been liable in case such Penally had not been incurred.

XXXIII. Provided always, Tftat nothing contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Art more effectually to prevent, during the present I Far, oil 'traitorous Correspond^ncewith, or Aid

or A’Jijhvice being ?iven to, his Mafejlys Enemies, or in the said Act patled in this Session of Parliament,

ihail extend to atiect any of the Provisions controlled in this Act; and nothing in this Act contained shall

extend in any Manner to alter or affect the Provisions contained in toe laid Acts, or either of them, except

so far as such Provisions are exprefdy altered or affected by this Act.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act, passed in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited T,ime, and to amend fevetal Acts

of Parliament for regulating the flipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the'

Coast of Africa.-— [71I1 July 1794*]

i tT 7 HERE AS an Act was made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,.

4 V V An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend fevered Acts of Parliament for regulating the

4 Jh:pping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And whereas it is expedient to

4 continue, for a limited Time, and to amend the said Act;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s moil

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful

for any Matter or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship qt Vessel

whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom from and after the first Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to have on board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or

transport Slaves from the Coalt of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any

greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship

or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Veilel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of

one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel over and above the said Burthen of two hun-

dred and one 'Eons, or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater

Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to every one 'I'on of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel,

so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of three such

Male Slaves, who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons of.

such Ship or Veilel over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship

or Veilel shall be deemed and taken to be of lucn Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the

respective Certificate of the Regittry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act,

made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An At1 for the further In-

creaje and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Mailer or other Person taking or

having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veilel shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other

Person as aforesaid Avail forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each

and every such Slave, exceeding in Number the Proportions hereinbefore limited ; one Moiety whereof shall

go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succcilbts, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons

who shall first sue for the same: Provided always. That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any

more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four

Inches in Height, then every five such Children, over and above the aforesaid Proportion of Two-fifths, shall

be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act:

Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Cafe of a

Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found Ihipwtecked, ot from on board any other

Ship or Veilel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves or the Crew, or by Failure of

Hands, or by any actual Distress of t’ne Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing

the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Matter or other Person having

Charge of such Skip or Vessel lo taking on board such Slaves.

cc Matters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to give in a written Declaration to

“ the 0 dicer of the Customs ol the Burthen of the Vessel ,cjV. ; and if they land Slaves contrary hereto,

45 to forfeit 500/. Officers of the Custoois to take an Account of the Slaves on board such Vessels, crV. on

7 4‘ Penalty

