C. 12

77

A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III.

cap. XII.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Sub*

jests of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce car-

ried on betwen this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the

said United States. -

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An At} for preventing certain Instrumcnis from being required from Ships belonging to the

4 United States of America; and to give to his Majesty 1 for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better car-

4 rying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestf s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said

4 United States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April

4 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year

4 of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act^ ?nade in the twenty-third

4 Tear of his present Majesty, 44 for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and

44 Commerce active en the Subjells of his Majestf s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of

44 America,” to the Trade and Com?nerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in Ame-

4 rica, with respell to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were ex-

4 tended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in

4 America, so far as the fame might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Pro-

4 duce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said

4 last mentioned Add has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April

4 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-

4 third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce

4 carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of Ame-

4 rica; and also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign should be further

4 continued:’ May it therefore please your Maj eft y that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the

laid Ad of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the

Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the

United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day

of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and till the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of

any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported

from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall

hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever

{hall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of

this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which {hall hereafter be in force, or by virtue

of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be, permitted to be

imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United

States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is

or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Ma-

jessy in Council, the fame {hall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Com-

modities {hall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle,

and Apparel belonging thereto.

these States contrary to Law,

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act {hall and may be

sued for, prosecutrd, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce

thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and

Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the'Revenue of Customs may now be sued for,

prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the

Produce thereof {hall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like A4anner, in the said Places respectively; any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

and no longer.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered,

varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. -

Preamble.

23 Geo. 3. c. 39,

24 Geo. 3. c,45*

*3 Geo. 3.C.39,

io far as relates

to the Commerce

between this

Kingdom and

the UnitedStates

of America, and

24 Geo. 3. c.49*

to continue in

force till April

5, 1792.

Articles from

any Place bor-

dering on the

Baltic which

may be exported

from this King-

dom, if exported

contrary to Law,

and Goods im-

ported from the

United States

of America,

and not per-

mitted by Law,

and also Goods

imported from

to be forfeited.

How Forfeitures

are to be reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

Act to continue

in force till

April 3, 179a j

but may be re-

pealed this

Stilton,

CAP.

u.

