474

C. 8o. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III.’. A.D. 17935.

44 every Share, by themselves or Proxies, not exceeding ten Shares but not to have more than ten Votes,r

44 nor act as Proxy for more than five Shares. The first, and other General Assemblies, appointed*.. Gene-

44 ral Aftembbes for chusing Committees, to confilt of one thousand Shares. Assembly of Proprietors may,

44 be specially convened. General Assembly to elect and appoint Officers, and take Security from them*

44 Powers of the Committee, and Regulations respecting the fame. Committee to make Calls, and appoint

44 Officeis, and make Contracts. Shares may be forfeited; but no Advantage to be taken of Forfeiture

44 without personal Notice. On the Death of Subscribers before Share completed, Executors may do it*

44 Sharts may be fold. After a Call, no Share to be sold until the Money shall be paid. Regulations as to

44 the Acquiiition of Shares, by Marriage, or Will, or in Course of Administration. Names of Proprietors

to be entered, and 1'ickets of their Shares delivered to them. The following Rates of Tonnage may be

44 taken: For all Lime and Limeilonc, one Farthing per Ton per Mile: For all Cattle, Sheep, Swine, and

44 other Beasts, and all Flint and other Stones, and ail Bricks, I iles, Slate, Sand, and Fullers Earth, and act

4; Ironstone, Pig Iron, and Pig Lead, and all Kinds of Manure, (except Lime,) one Halfpennyper Ton per

44 Mile: For all Coal and Coice, three Farthings per Ton per Mile: For all other Goods, Wares, Merr

4i chandize, and Things whatsoever, one Penny per Ton per Mile. Proportion of a Mile to be taken as

44 Mile. Directions for Recovery of Rates. Rates may be altered. None of the Rates shall be demanded,

44 or taken, for any Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or any Horses, Arms, or Baggage, belonging to f

44 tl>erti, or for any Timber provided for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, or any Stores belonging to his Ma-

44 jelly's Naval or Military Service; and none of the said Rates shall be demanded or taken for any Gravel,

44 Sand, or other Materials to be employed for the Purpose only of making or repairing of any publick

44 Roads, provided the fame do not pass any Lock, but at such Time when the Water shall flow over the

44 waste Weir of such Lock. Further Allowance to be paid for Goods remaining upon a Wharf for a

44 longer Space than twenty four Hours. Company empowered to lease the Rates. Mailers of Boats to

44 give an Account of their Lading. What Quantities of Timber and light Goods shall he deemed aTon.

44 In case of Difference Concerning the Weight, Collector may weigh them. Power given to fix the Price

44 of small Parcels. Navigation to be free upon Payment of the Rates under certain Reltridtions, Drains

44 to be made to convey Water from the Lands adjoining; and Watering Places for Cattle. Directions or

44 fencing oft' Towing Paths. Swivel or Draw- Bridges to be shut after Vessels passed. If Company do not

44 fence of T Towing Paths, and make Bridges, iffc. Land Owners may do it at Company’s Expence. If

44 Bridges, &c. made by the Company are inefficient, Land Owners may make others at their own Exr

44 pence. Works damaged by Floods, to be repaired by the Company. The Company enabled to cleanse

44 the adjoining Watercourses at the Land Owner’s Expence. Lords of Manors and Land Owners may

44 erect Wharfs, &c. But if not done within a certain Time, Proprietors may build. Regulations as to private

44 Wharfs. Company of Proprietors or others not to use, exclusively, private Wharfs. Mailers to put

their Names on the outside of Boats. Weight of the Lading of Vessels to be marked. Boat Owners to

44 be accountable for Damages done by the Boatmen. Masters to recover from their Servants any Sums

44 for their Defaults. Places to be made for Boats to turn or lie in, or for other Boats to pass* Vessels ob-

44 flruding the Navigation to be removed, and Vessels funk to be weighed up. Penalty on Persons over-

44 loading and obstructing the Passage of the said Canal, &<:. Penalty on Persons opening the Locks, or

44 doing other Damage to the Navigation. Penalty on destroying the Works. Regulations of Vessels

44 passing the Locks. Lock Keepers not to give Preference. Vessels passing Locks with less than thirty

44 Tons, to pay for thirty Tons. Canal not to be under the Power of Commissioners of Sewers. Allow-

44 ing Land Owners to carry Manure Toll-free. Rights of Lords of Manors and Land Owners to the

44 Fishery preserved. Power for Land Owners to use Pleasure Boats. Stones to be ercCted every Quarter

of a Mile. Mines reserved to Lords of Manors or other Proprietors. Power to make Rollers or in-

44 dined Planes, £sV. Cuts may be made to Mines with Consent of Land Owners. Subscribers coni-

44 pelled to pay their Subscriptions. Canal may be made through Mrs. Seai'e’s Pleasure Grounds under cerr

44 tain Restrictions. F?o Lock to be ereCted within a Mile of Mrs. Scarfs Land at Bulbowne without hejr

44 Consent. No Injury to be done to the Mills of the Honourable Mrs. Leigh. Majority of the Proprietors

44 may make future Applications to Parliament for Power to open other Communications with the Canal.

44 Certain Rates to be taken by the Oxford Canal Company for Articles passing to and from the intended

44 Canal. If those Rates fall Ihort of a certain Amount in any Year, then the Proprietors of the intended

44 Canal to make good the Deficiency. Oxford Canal Company to keep Account of those Rates, and per-

#t mit the fame to be inspeCted. Oxford Canal Company to keep their Canal in good Condition from the

44 Commencement to the Junction with the intended Canal. Rights of the Oxford Canal Company t9

44 other Rates saved. The Payments to be made to the Corporation of London, over and above the Rates

44 they are now entitled to The said Rate to die Corporation of London to be made up by the Company

44 to a certain Annual Amount. Recovery of the Annual Payments by the Corporation of London. Rights

44 of the Corporation of London, as Conservator of the Thames and Medway, saved. No Coals to be con-

44 veyed towards London nearer than the Mouth of the Tunnel at Langley Bury. Recovery of Fines and

44 Forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by Irregularity in Dillrefs to recover only the special Damages. Persons

44 aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. Proceedings not to be qualhed for Want of Form, nor

44 removed by Certiorari. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. Publick Act*”

CAP.

