614

C. 96—104. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

the Parish of Beeflon, to join the Nottingham Canal, in the Parish of Lento?:, in the County of Notting*

ham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and other wise improving and keeping in Re-

pair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon cer-

tain Pieces of Ground in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George

Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Main-

tenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hostital.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for building a new Shire Hall for the County of Stafford.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor within the Town of Bedford iri

the County of Bedford.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, /coining, preferring, and maintaining

the Harbour a/' Ayr; for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers; for erecting Docks, Breasts,

jfettces, and Piers ; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other I 'effcls trading into and going out of the

said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. C.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for

regulating the Statute Labour within the same ; and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, and

for building a Bridge over the River South EJJc, near Finhaven.

CAP. CL

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant, in Fee Simple, certain Estates veiled in him by

reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Defendants of such at-

tainted Persons.—[23d May 1794.]

His Majesty is empowered to grant to the Earl of Newburgh the Manor of Hambell in Northumberland5

and to Thomas Giffard Esq. the Moiety of Stumplewood Colliery in the same County.”

CAP. CII.

An Act for improving the Outfal of the River JVelland in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage

of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the fame into the Sea;

and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River JVelland by Means of a new Cut, to

commence below a certain Place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence through the in-

closed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into JVyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place

called the Scalp \ and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River; and for build-

ing a Bridge over the said Cut.

CAP. CIII.

An A & for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an A&, passed in the twenty-eighth \ car of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the town of Cambridge, for

removing and preventing Objiruftions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Pof-

Jages within.the said Town.

CAP.

