254 C. 56. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

C a P. LVI.

An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the Characters of Servants.

Preamble.

or

f I E R E A S many false and counterfeit Characters of Servants have either, been given personally,

^ or in Writing, by evil-disposed Persons being, or pretending to be, the Master, Mistress, Retainer,

Superintendant of such Servants, or by Persons who have actually retained such Servants in their re-

/rty Per Ton per*

fofiating a Mat-

ter, &c. or giv-

ing a false Cha-

Trctcr to a Str/

van:;

./

or aflferting that

a Servant has

been hired for a

Period of Time,

or in a Station 5

cr was discharg-

•ed -dt any other

Time, or had

rot been hired in

our previous

Service 5 con-

tmy to ihc

Fa cl}

or any Person of,

ferirg himself as

‘a Servant, pre-

tending to have

served where he

has rot fe 1 ve*1,

for with a false

Certificate, or

who /ball alter

any Certificate j

01* who havirg

been before in

Service/hall pre-

tend not to have

been in such

Service ;

/ball, on Convic-

tien, forfeit ao!.

Application of

Forfeiture*

Persons not pay-

ing the Penalty

wth Co As, or

not giving No-

tice of Appeal,

&c. may be com-

mitted*

it therefore enacted by the King's mofc Excellent Majesty,by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the first: Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person

or Persons shall falsely personate any Mailer or Mi ft refs, or the Executor, Administrator, Wife, Relation,

Housekeeper, Steward, Agent, or Servant of any such Master or Mistress, and fha.ll either personally, or

in Writing, give any ialfe, forged, cr counterfeited Character to any Person offering him or herself to be

hired as a Servant into the Service of any Perlcn or Persons, then, and in such Cafe, every such Person or

Persons so offending shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein-after mentioned and in that

Behalf provided.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend,

or falsely afiert, in Writing, that any Servant has been hired or retained for any Period of Time whatsoever,

or in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, other than that for which or in which he, (he, or they {hall

have hired or retained such Servant in his, her, or their Service or Employment, or for the Service of any

other Person or Persons, that then, and in either of the said Cafes, such Person or Persons, so offending as

aforesaid, shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein-after mentioned and in that Behalf

provided*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully

pretend, or falsely afiert, in Writing, that any Servant was discharged or left his, her, or their Service at

any other Time than that at which he or she was discharged or actually left such Service, or that any such

Servant had not been hired or employed in any previous Service, contrary to Truth, that then, and in ei-

ther of the said Cafes, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein-

after mentioned an'dlti that Behalf provided.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person shall offer himself or herself as a Servant, af-

ferting or pretending that he or she hath served in any Service in which such Servant shall not actually have

served, or with a false, forged, or counterfeit Certificate of his or her Character, or shall in any wise add to or

alter, efface or erase any Word; Date, Matter, or Thing contained in or referred to in any Certificate given

to him or her by his or her last or former atilunl Master or Mistress, or by any other Person or Persons duly

authorised by such Master or Mistress to give the fame, that then, and in either of the said Cafes, such Person

or Persons shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein-after mentioned and in that Behalf

provided.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons having before been in Service, shall,

when offering to hire himself, herself, or themselves as a Servant or Servants in any Service whatsoever,

falsely and wilfully pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous Service as a Servant, that

then and in such Cafe such Person or Persons shall forfeit and undergo the Penalty or Punishment herein-af-

ter mentioned and in that Behalf provided.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Juy

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any or either of

the Offence or Offences aforesaid, by his, her, or their Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, before two or more Justices of"the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City,

the Party or Parties offending {hall have been convicted, and the other Moiety thereof shall go and be ap-

plied for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence shall have been committed; and if the Party

who shall have been so convicted shall not immediately pay the said Sum of twenty Pounds so forfeited, to-

gether with the Sum of ten Shillings for the Colts and Charges attending such Conviction, or shall not give

Notice of Appeal, and enter into Recognizance in the Manner herein-after mentioned and in that Benalf

provided, such Justices shall and may commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, or form:

other Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, of Place, in which he or (lie shall

have been convicted, there to remain, and be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for any

Time not exceeding three Month?, nor less than one Month, or until he or {lie pay the said Sum so for-

feited, together with such Costs and Charges as aforesaid.

11 VII. cAnJ

