.88 C. 25. Anno tricesimo prinio G eorgii III. A.D. 1791.

J uftlcei mgy <Je-

*t<*r m!nr()8F'!nce»

which subj?&

the Parties to

p-cuntiry 1’c*

jjilticl.

Person® a?j;riev-

4*d m«y appeal to

the Quarter Sef-

Penalties may

be mitigated.

Witnesses not

attending, fee

Co forfeit 40s.

PrniU’ei not

p.okcuted for

%vi hin the li-

mited T»«ne,

recovtiaM* onljT

as »j he.cin men-

tioned.

Fcrfojv eo'^ter-

feitinu Suirp?,

fee. tioiity of

Fcio.y.

the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors;

and the other Moiety thereof* with full Costs of Suit* to the Peribn or Persons who (lull inform or (ue for

the fame within the Time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in any of his Majesty’s Courts at

IVcJhninjhr, for Offences committed in England, and in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh,

for Offences committed in Scotland* by Action of Debt* Bill, Plaint* or Information* wherein no Essoin,

Privilege, Wager of Law* or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Avail and may

be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, redding near the Place where the Offence shall be com-

mitted, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which fuojects the Offender to any pecuniary

Penalty; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited,

or Complaint made in that Behalf within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed* to summon

the Party accused; and ?dfo the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and

upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of tnc Party* or by the Oath of one

or more credible Witnefsor Witnesses, to give judgement or Sentence lor the Penalty or Forfeiture as 1:1

and by this Act is directed to be divided, one Moiety thereof to his Mnjcffy, his Hffrs or Successors* and

the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers; and to award an 1 ifihe out his Warrant under his

Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause

Sale to be made thereof in c he they shall not be redeemed within fix Days, rendering to the Party the

Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of fuen Offender cannot be found fufticiem to anf.ver the Pe-

nalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless

such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satished; and if any Peribn or Persons shall find himfeit or

themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving

Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Colts as shall be

awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the Peace at the next General

or Quarter Seliions for the County, Riding, or Place, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after

such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice (lull he given, wno are

hereby impowered to (iirnmon and examine Witnesses uoon Oath, and finally to hear and determine

the fame; and in case the Judgement of such Justice tiiall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices

to award the Person or Persons appealing, to pay such Costs occalioaed by such Appeal as to them shall

seem meet.

XXVI. Provided neverthcleff. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he

shall fee Cause, to mitigate and lesion any such Penalties as he shall think fit (reasonable Colts and

Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery, as in prosecuting the fame,

being always allowed over and above such Mitigation), and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Pe-

nalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges; any

Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness

or Witndles, to give Evidence before such Justice or justices, touching any of the Matters relative to

this Act, and shall neglect or refute to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, his

or her reasonable Excuie for such Neglect or Refusal to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the

Peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before whom the Prose-

cution shall be depending, that then every fuen Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of

forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein directed as to other

Penalties.

XXVIII. Provided rdways, and-be it further enacted, That, in Default of Prosecution within the Time

herein before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of

his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the refoedlive

Courts aforesaid, in which Cafe the W hole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Succtliurs; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, in-

curred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeliers, shall be paid into the Hands of the

Receiver General of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cates where the Whole

of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

ediors, it shall be lawful for the fiid Commissionvrs to cause such Reward as they shall think iit, not ex-

ceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences

incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons wno shall appear

to them intitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Tiling

herein contained to the contrai y notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or

forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used or pro-

vided, made or used in pursuance of this Act for the Purpose of denoting any of the Duties by this Act.t

granted, or shall counterfeit or refe.nble the Impression of the fame upon any Vciium, Parchment* or

Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty* his Heirs or Successors* of any of the said Duties* or shall

utter* vend, fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with

(hell counterfeit Mark or Impreiiion thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or shall privately or

fr.iuGuiently ute any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be uieu by this Act, with Intent to defraud h:s

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties* every Person so offending, and being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fuss'er Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit

ot Clergy.

XXAnd

