428

Perft n pr^&ifing

therein, to be

inr» reflet! in any

Vessel having a

Letter of

Matqu?.

P* iidhy for

olT.'nsii g.

No RegiCrr, &c.

o- at \ C urt of

Arlrrira'ty to act

as Advocar-, Sec.

in any C?use de*-

pending in the

C'ouit to u. hich

he teloi ps, on

Penalty of For-

ieitute ot Em.

ployment.

A£V not to re-

frain his Ma-

jesty from giving

JJi eflions to

Courts of Ad-

miralty.

Penalty on

Corrmanderr of

Privateers ran-

ioaiing 1'iizts.

No captured

Vessel, Sec. be-

longing to his

Majesty’s Sob*

Je£tf, to be ran-

fomed.

Contrasts for

Ransoms to be

void.

Penalty on Per-

sons ransoming,

contrary to this

Att.

51. to be paid

for every Officer

and Man who

was on board, at

the Beiiinn'ng of

the Action, of

Shi os of War or

Priva eers be-

longing to the

Enemy, taken or

C. 66. Anno triceflino tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793*

miralty or Vice Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America,

or in any other of his Majesty’s Dominions, nor any Person or Persons practising either as Advocate, Proc-

for, or o: her wife, in any such Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested, directly or indirectly, as

Owner, Part Owner, Sharer, or Adventurer, in any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War what-

soever, having any Commission or Commissions, or Letter of Marque as aforesaid; and in case any such ' '

Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer, Advocate, or Proctor what-

loever, Avail, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, such

Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer respectively, shall for every

such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record in Great Britain,

or at any General Sefliun of the Feace in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America) absolutely forfeit his

Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, of what Kina y

or Nature soever such Office or Employment may be, and shall also forfeit and pay, to the Use of his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every such Advocate or Proctor re-

flectively shall for such last-mentioned Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid) be

fiom thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising either as an Advocate or Proc-

for in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty wheresoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Register or Deputy Register, nor

any Marshal or Deputy Marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiraky or Vice Ad- y.

miralty whatsoever, shall either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents,

or other Person or Petfons whomsoever, aft or be concerned in any Manner, either as an Advocate or Proc-

for, in any Cause, Matter, or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or Courts of

Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, to which such Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal,shall

then belong; and that every Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of

such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, cither upon an Information or Indictment, in Manner afore-

said) shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Register, Deputy Re-

gifter, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, in and belonging to the fame Court.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to re-

strain his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions from Time tq

Time to his respective Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty, for the Adjudication and Condemnation of

Prizes, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be

thought necessary or proper.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at any Time or Times any

Commander or Commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, commissioned as

aforesaid, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons of or belonging to any

neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, or any Part

thereof, for the Ransom of any such Ship, Vessel, or Cargo, or any Part thereof, after the fame shall have

been taken as Prize, and shall in pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements actually quit, set at Liberty,

or discharge any such Prize or Prizes, instead of bringing the fame into some Port or Ports belonging to his

Majesty’s Dominions, that then all and every of the Commander and Commanders of such private Ship or

Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, who shall agree for any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at Liberty, or

discharge any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, unless in a Cafe of extreme Necessity, to be allowed

by the Court of Admiralty, shall forfeit his or their Letter of Marque, and shall suffer such Penalties of Fine

and Imprisonment as the said Court shall adjudge.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twelfth Day of ;

June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects to

ransom, or to enter into any Contraft or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his

Majesty’s Subjects, or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the fame, which shall be captured by the Sub-

jests of any State at War with his Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilities against his Majesty’s

Subjects.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements which shall be entered into,

and all Bills, Notes, and other Securities, which shall be given by any Person or Persons for Ransom of any

Ship or Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on Board the fame, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely

null and void in Law, and of no Effeft whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, con-

trary to this Act, ransom, or enter into any Contraft or Agreement for ransoming, any such Ship or Vessel,

or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the fame, every Person f© offending shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or

Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record in Great

Britain; in which Action no Efloin, Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

XL. And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others,on Board

his Majesty’s Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack, take, and destroy any Ships of War or Pri-

vateers belonging to the Enemy be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the

Treasurerof his Majesty’s Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be

paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers,

and others, who shall have been actually on Board any of his Majesty’s Ship or Ships of War, or of any

Privateer or Privateers, at the taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ship or Ships of War, or

Privateers belonging to the Enemy, Gnce the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-

