The TITLES of the STATUTE S.

in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fame

JJfes.

60. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of

the City of London, Governors of Emanuel llo.pl led in or

near Wcjhninjlery to extend and increase the Objects of that

Charity.

6s. An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Jo-

Jr'ph Banks Barpnct, a Part of the Settled Lflutes of Ehfca

Atfcoe Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase

thereof, and to fell or exchange other Pants of the find Set-

tled Estates, and to lay out the Money arihng from the

Sales in the Purcnafc of other Lands, to be settled, as well

as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Lftates that

shall be so fold or exchanged.

62. An Act for establilhing and confirming certain Articles

of Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal and

Scholars of the King’s Hall and College of Brazen N.je

in Oxford., and Edward Love den Lovcden of Bujcot Park

in the County of Berks, Esquire.

63. An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain

Leasehold Messuages and Premises, situate in the Parish of

Saint Ann Wcjhniyler, deviled by the Will of La wiry

Arnold Esquire, dccealed, and for laying out the Monies

to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and

Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon

the fame Trulls as by the said Will are declared of and

concerning the said Leasehold Premises.

64. An Act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, and,

after his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate

in the Parish of Saint John flapping, in the County of

AiiddUfex.

65. An Act for uniting the Redlory and Parish Church of

Saint Nicholas South Kelfy, in the County of Lincoln, with

the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary

South Kelfeyi from and after the next Avoidance of either

Benefice.

66. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Man-

chester in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity

Landsy to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reservea

yearly Rents.

67. An A<£t for veiling Part of the Settled Estates of Sir fohn

Honywood Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged,

and for apply ing Part of the Money arising by Sale in dif-

charging Mortgages on other Parts of the Settled Estates,

and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. v

63. An Act to diifolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward

.Howard Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Eliza-

beth Belaiyfe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing anAinclosing the Open and Unin-

closed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Paflure Lands, Com-

mons, or Waste Grounds within the several Townships

of Edoughton, Brough, and Walby, in the Parish of Edough-

tony in the East Riding of the County of York*

70- An Act for confirming and establishing the Division,

Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Open or Common

Fields and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot

Mead, within the Manor and Parishes of Old Sodbury and

Little Sodbury in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open Com-

mon Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Com-

monable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Compton,

otherwise Compton Beauchampy in the County of Berks.^

72. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Unin-

closed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and

Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of

7 *

Houghtony in the Parish of Houghtony in the County of

Southampton. t

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors

and Wade Grounds within the Fownships of Fclijkirk

and Sutton under Whit/hnclljpy in the Parish of Fjijkirk

in the North Riding of the County of York.

74. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open, Uninclosed,

and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Alanor

ot Tolpudle in the County of Dor jet.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures

within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and

Hanging Houghtony in the Parish of Lamport in the Coun-

ty of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of

Akely cum Stockholt in the County of Buckingham.

77. An Act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose the Open

Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other

Open and Uninclosed Lands in the Parish of Skillington

in the County at Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Com-

mon or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or

adjoining to the fame.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Cominonible Lands and Grounds in the Parish of

Arne/by in the County of Leijlcr.

79. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and ocher Com-

monable Lands and Grounds within the Manor or Lord-

ship of Belton in the County of Rutland.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Common-

able Lands and Waste Grounds within Tower Pillarton3

otherwise Nether Pillarton., otherwise Pi Harding ton, in tha

County of Warwick.

81. An A<St for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers

Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs,

and other Commonable Places within the Manor and Pa-

ri ih of Crawley in the County of Southamptotiy and of cer-

tain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste

Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish

of Bishops Sutton in the said County.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Wolds, Common, and Waste Ground

within the Parish of Wolvey in the County of Warwick.

83. An Act for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors,

and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Martin in the

Parish of Timberland in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands

within the Manor and Parish oi Mold in the County of

Flint.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mon Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Com-

mons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Shouldham

and Shoiddham Thorpe, otherwise Garboife Thorpe^ in the

County of Norfolk.

86. An AC1 for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds

lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field

called Port fid, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel in the

County of Buckingham.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving

the Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields

in the Parish of Wellington in the County of Hereford;

and

,

