4-0 6

Distillers, Sec, of

Spirits for Ex-

portation from

England to Scot-

land, and con-

Tr.mvwfe, 'o be

fuSjed so 0 c

Kul s of i3

c<o, m.

C»p. 46.

No Dirtillrr, Sec,

authorized to

five Notice of

Intention to

jrake Spirits fur

Exultation,

tmItfi hie Stills

Ire cf certain

Capacities See,

Distillers applj-

ing f >r Licences

after July 5,

1793,to pjy

Duties follow-

ing :

For each Gallon

of the Contents

of Stills uled in

England for

making Spirits

from British Ma-

terials, for Ex-

portation to

Scotland, 9 I.

annually.

For each Gallon,

vhere Melasses

or Sugar are

used, 15 1. j

and,

vwhere other

Foreign Mate-

rials are used,

18 1.

For each Gallon

of rectifying

Stills, 91.

Duties to be paid

as direCted by *8

Geo. 111. Cap.

Distillers, See. in

England, with*

chawing Entries

for £xp< ration

C. 61. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 1793*

to another without Permit, shall be feizedand forfeited, with the Casks, Vessels, or other Packages containing

the fame.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afbrefakf, That al! and every Distiller and Distillers

who shall be desirous of making or distilling, rectifying or compounding Spirits in that Part of Greal 'Bri-

tain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ or of making

or distilling, rectifying or compounding Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation

from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, shall carry on such Manufacture, and shall 'export

the fame under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provificns, and Restrictions which are

contained and expressed in the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, ex-

cept as herein-after is other wise expressly provided: Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall

extend to permit or authorize any Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Com-

pounders, to enter or give Notice of his Intention to make Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

land, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Wash Still will not

contain one thousand six hundred Gallons, and the Spirit or Low Wine rectifying or compounding Still eight

bundled and fifty Gallons; nor to permit or authorize any Distiller or Distillers, ReClifier or ReCtifiers,

Compounder or Compounders, to enter or give Notice of his Intention to make Spirits in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England,

whole Walli Still will not contain two hundred Gallons, and the Spirit or Low Wine redtifying or com-

pounding Still fifty Gallons 3 neither shall any Distiller or Distillers, Redtifier or ReCtifiers, Compounder or

Compounders, be entitled or permitted to distil Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, although he, (he, or

they may have made an Entry as aforesaid, unless he, lhe, or they shall actually have distilled into Spirits all

the Wash and Low Wines, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, for the making of Spirits for Home

Consumption, at least forty-eight Hours before the Day mentioned in such Entry.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, ReCtifier or

Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits applying for any such Licence after the fifth Day of

July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-three, shall first pay for each such Licence the several Duties

and Sums of Money following ; that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith conncdted, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of

Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits, from Corn, Grain,

Malt, Tilts, Cyder, Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials,

or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland> the an-

nual Sum of nine Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of -the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from

Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the annual Sum of fifteen

Pounds:

E'or and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from

Foreign refilled Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Me-

lasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the annual Sum of eighteen

Pounds:

EYr and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the lame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers

of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any

Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

the annual Sum of nine Pounds:

Which said respective Duties and Sums of A4oney shall be paid by such Person or Persons, and at the re-

spective Times, and in the Manner directed by the said ACt of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe

lawful for the Commissioners of Elxcise in England, and they are hereby authorized and required, to allow and

repay to all and every such Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers, ReCtifier or ReCtifiers, Com-

pounder

