5» /

Worr.fn con-

v:£tcJ r>f Petit

Treason, 10

be luMe »o the

fame Punifti-

mens as Pe»son«

con'.!*« d of wil-

ful Murder, at

specified in A&

a5 Geo, 11. Cap.

37-

If on June 5,

1700, any

Womair ffull be v

uoder Sentence

to be burnt, hit

Majesty may or-

der her to be

hanged.

Women eonvift-

of High Trea-

son, &c. to be

liable to the like

Forfeitures, &c.

at heretofore.

Preamble.

From Sep*. 19,

*793,

Ac. may visit

Workhouser,

af»d certify the

State of the

Foot to the next

Quarter Sessions*

*c*

Juices at »he

Quarter Sessioni

to ifcnoTe

CauCes 0! Com-

print,

If in such Vifi-

tation any of the

Poor should be

found afflidfed

wi‘h contagious

I)V«.»fcs, Ac.

AppUca’ica to

C. 49. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. # A.D. 1790.

Treason, (ha!! not be, that such WoTian or Women shall be severally drawn to the Place of Execution*

and be there burned to death; but that such Woman or Women, being so convicted as aforesaid, shall be

severally drawn to the Place of Execution, and be there hanged by the Neck until lhe or they be severally

dead; any l^aw or Ufiigc to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforjfaid, Tint if any Woman or Women shall be con-

victed of the Crime of Petit Treason, or of abutting, procuring, or counselling any Petit Tieafon, then

and in every such Calc, such Woman or omen shall be subject and liable to such further Pains and Penal-

ties as are particularly specified and declared with respect to Persons convicted of wilful Murder, in an Act

passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Rc’gn of King George the Second (intituled, An Act for better

preventing the horrid Crime cf AIurdee); and the Court before whom any such Woman or Women shall

be convicted, shall paf$ Sentence at Inch Time, and shall give such Orders with reject to the Time of

Execution, the Dilposal of the Convict’s Body after Execution, and all such other Matters and Things as

are directed to be given by the said Act, with respeet to Persons convicted of wilful Murder.

III. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

ninety, any Woman or Women, having been convicted of the Crime of High Treason, or of the Crime*

of Petit Treason, (ha'l have had Judgment to be burned to death, the Execution of which Sentence shaft

then remain to be done, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, if he shall think proper, by Warrant

under the Hand of one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, to alter such Sentence, and to order,.

in(lead thereof, that such Woman or Women so attainted as aforesaid shall, in Execution of such Judg-

ment, be hanged by the Neck until (he or they shall be severally dead; any Law to the contrary thereof

notwith (landing.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Woman Or Women shall

be convicted of the Crime of High Treason, or of the Crime of Petit Treason, or of abetting, procuring*

or counselling any Petit Treason, and Judgment shall be given thereon according to the Directions of this

Act, then, and in every such Cafe, such Woman or Women, being so attainted of such Crimes respec-

tively, (lull be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures, and Corruption of Blood^as they severally

would have been in case they had been severally attainted of die like Crimes before the passing of this A£h.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to impower Justices, and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses or Poor-

houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the

Quarter Sessions,

4 XT 7 HEREAS the Laws now in being for die regulating Parish Workhouses or Poorhouses have beeir

found in certain Inltances deficient and inelfedtual, especially when the Poor in such Houses are

c afflicted with contagious or infectious Diseases, in which Cafes particular Attention to their Lodging^

4 Diet, Cloathing, Bedding, ami Medicines, is requifitej* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lord> Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this p relent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it shall and may be lawful to and

for any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, for thatPurpoie

authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Just ice or Justices, or for the officiating.

Clergyman of the Parish or Place, duly authorized as aforesaid, at all times, in the Day Time, to visit

any Parish Workhouse, or House kept or provided for the Maintenance of the Poor of any Parish or Place,

within the County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, wherein such Justice or Justices shall be resident and shall

have Jurisdichon, to examine into the State and Condition of the poor People therein, and the Food,

Cloathing, and Bedding of such poor People, and the State 2nd Condition of such House or Houses; and

if upon any such Vif.tation the said Justice or Justices, or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, shall find any

Caule or Occasion of Complaint, that then and in such Cafe such Justice or Justices, or Persons duly authc—

rued as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, if he or they shall think fit* to

certify the State and Condition of such Workhouse or Poorhouse, and the State of the Poor therein, and

of their Food, Cloathing, and Bedding, to the next Quarter Seffiorts of the Peace to be held for ffich

County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, wherein such Workhouse or Poorhouse shall be situate, under his

or their Hands and Seals respectively; and such Justice or Justices, or other Persons duly authorized as

aforesaid. shall cause the Overseers of the Poor, or Master or Governor of the said Workhouse or Poor-

house of such Parish or Place, to be summoned to appear at the fame Sessions, to answer such Complaint;

and the Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions, on hearing the Parties on any such Complaint, shall

and may, and they are hereby authorized to make such Orders and Regulations, for the removing of any

Cause of Complaint contained in such Certificate as aforesaid, as to them shall seem meet; and all the

Parties concerned shall, and they are hereby required to abide by and perform such Orders and Regulations

as shall be so made by the Justices at the said Sessions.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in-case any Justice or'

Justices of the Peace, or Persons duly authorized by Warrant as aforediici, shall, upon any such Visitation,

find any of the Poor in any Parish Workhouse or Poorhouse afflicted with any contagious or infectious

D1 leak*, or in Want of immediate Medical or other Assistance, or of sufficient and proper Food, or re-

quiring Separation or Removal from the other Poor in the said House, then and in such Cafe or Cafes, if

such V liiuuon shall be made by a Justice of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice,

1 and

