A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 5 5.

Common Seal* and that they and their Successors may from Time to Time break, change, alter, or make

new such Common Seal, as to them shall seem meet and expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be able, and capable in Law, and shall have

perfect and full Power and Ability in Law, to have, purchase, take, hold, receive, possess. and enjoy Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever, situate in any Part of his Majesty’s Do-

minions, not exceeding in the Whole the annual Value of two thousand Pounds; and that any Person or

Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, may give, grant* bargain, fell, or convey to the said Company any

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, notwithstanding the

Statute of Mortmain, (o that the fame, together with the Lands so to be purchasea as aforesaid, do not exceed

in the Whole the said annual Value of two thousand Pounds; and that the said Company shall have full

Power and Ability at Law to fell, grant, alien, demise, or disposeof such Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, or any Part thereof, at their fiee Will and Pleasure, and in their Corporate Name shall be able and

capable in Law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, defend or be defended*

in all or any Court of Record, or elsewhere, in all Actions, Suits and causes whatsoever, for, touching, or con-

cerning the said Company, or their Capital Joint Stock, or any of their Property, Estate or Estates, in as

large, ample, and beneficial Manner and Form as any other Body Politick and Corporate, or any other

the liege People of Great Britain, or other his Majesty’s Dominions, may or can have, purchase, take, hold*

receive, possess and enjoy, fell, grant, alien, demise, or dispose, sue, implead, answer, or defend, or be impleaded,

sued, defended, or answered, in any Manner or Wile, and shall and may by the Name aforesaid do, perform,

and execute, and cause and procure to be done, performed, and executed, all or any lawful Acts, Matters*

and Things whatsoever, appertaining them to do, perform, or execute, for, touching, or concerning the

general Trade or Dealings of the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, in such General Court or Courts

thereof as is or are authorised to be holden pursuant to this Act, to raise such Capital Joint Stock for the efta-

blishing and carrying on of the Trade or Business of the said Company, at such Times and in such Propor-

tiens as to them mall seem meet, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, by

taking Subscriptions from particular Persons (being or not being Members of the said Company) for advan-

cing Money for this Purpose, in such Shares as are herein-after mentioned, according to the Order or Orders

of such General Court or Courts for the Time being of the said Company, or by such Ways and Means,

and in such Methods, as to such General Court or Courts shall seem meet and expedient, for making up the

said Capital Joint Stock, and that the said Capital Joint Stock so to be raised shall be divided into Shares of

fifty Pounds each.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person by or for whom any Subscription

fljall be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of such General Court or Courts,

for or towards the railing of the said Capital Joint Stock as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administra-

tors, or Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the

laid Company, in Proportion to the Monies which he or they shall have contributed towards making up

the fame, ar.d to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the fame Capital Joint Stock,

and shall be admitted to be Members of the said Company; but that no Person or Persons shall be entitled

to any greater Share in the said Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company than the Money which he,(he, or

they shall have paid towards the fame; and that the several Members of the said Company do and (nail re*

spectively {land responsible and answerable to all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Com*

pany, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall

not be any further or otherwise liable, either personally or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contrails, or Agree-

ments, entered into by the said Company, or the Dealings and Transactions thereof.

V. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Com-

Eany to borrow or take up, by Way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than and except

y a Subscription for Shares, in Manner herein-before specified and mentioned.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, either

directly or indirectly, by itself or themselves, or by the Agents or Servants of the said Company, or otherwise

howsoever, to deal or traffic in the buying or selling of Slaves, or in any Manner whatsoever to have, hold, ap-

propriate, or employ any Person or Persons in a State of Slavery in the Service of the said Company.

VII. And, for the better ordering, managing, and governing of the Affairs of the said Company, and for

the making and establishing of a continual Succeifion of Persons to be Directors thereof/ be it further enacted*

That there shall be from Time to Time chosen from out of the Members of the said Company, during the

Continuance of the said Company, thirteen Directors of and for the lame Company, (one of whom shall be

.chosen for a Chairman, as herein-after, mentioned, and one other for a Deputy Chairman ;) which Direc-

tors, or the major Part of them, being met and afiembled together (whereof the Chairman or Deputy Chair-

man to be one, except in such Cafes as hereafter otherwise directed) shall be and be called a Court of Direc-

tors of the said Company, and shall have the ordering, Management, and Direction of the Affairs of the said*

Company, as herein-after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That an Election of thirteen Directors of and for the said Company shall

be made as herein-a;ter is mentioned, by and out of the Members of the said Company, at a General Court of

the said Company to be held within thirty Days after the first Day of Jufy one thousand leven hundred and

ninety-one; and that on some Day or Days, Time or l imes, between the first Day of January and the first

Day of April in every subsequent Year, there shall be an Election of thirteen Directors of the said Company,

and that the Perfoils who shall be so elected Directors of the said Company shall continue Directors thereof until.

the

165

Company may

purchase Landr*

Power to raise-%

Capital Joint

Stock.

SubscriberrtO'

have an ImereA

in the Capital

Joint Sioclc, ac-

cording to the

Amount of their

Subscriptioaa*

Company not to*

borrow Money.

Company not to

deal in or have

Slaver.

DtrrAora ap-

pointed.

Manner of elect-

ing Diic&oru

