599

A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. G. 80*.

4€ Penalty of 500l. Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Declara-

44 tien of the Mailer, &c.”

III. And be it further ena£led, That if any Person making any Declaration, by this Acct authorized or

required to be made, shall therein be guilty of wilful Falsehood, or if any Person shall procure or suborn any

Person to become guilty of such wilful Falsehood, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of a Mifde-

meanour, and shall be punished by such Fine as the Court, before whom such Offender shall have been tried

and convicted, shall think fit to order or adjudge, and also by Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding,

twelve nor less than three Calendar Months from the Time of such Sentence.

44 No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, nor unless the Surgeon

44 give Bond'to keep a Journal of the Slaves during the Voyage; Journal is to be delivered to the Officer

44 of the Customs, at the first British Port of Arrival, tf?c. Officer co deliver to the Mailer a Copy of his-

44 Declaration, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of

44 the Customs. Mailers or Surgeons a£ling contrary hereto, to forfeit 100l. If Penalty on Mailers be

44 not paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold. On Arrival of Vessels in America

44 or the West Indies, the Owners to give Bond for Payment of Penalties, &c. Penalties may be sued for in

44 any Court of Vice-Admiralty in America or the West Indies, where the Offence shall have been com-

44 mitted, or the Cargo disposed of, or in any Court of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Exchequer

44 at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves.

44 If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he and also the

44 Owner shall forfeit 500l.

X. And whereas, by the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majestyrs Reign, and the several

c preceding Acts, it is enacted, that, from and after the first Day of Augiift one thousand (even hundred and

4 ninety-three, it should not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel to insure any Cargo

4 of Slaves, or any Part thereof on board the fame, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the Perils

4 of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the King’s Enemies, Barratry of the Master and Crew,

and Dellrudlion by Fire; and that all and every Policy of Insurance thereafter made contrary to the

4 said Act should be, and the fame are thereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes

4 whatsoever: And whereas the Owners of Ships and others concerned in the Trade to Africa, under-

4 Handing that it was merely intended by the above-mentioned Provision of the said Act, to prescribe and

4 specify the particular Kinds of Loss and Damage for which alone an Indemnity should thereafter be recover-

4 able in rcl'pedl to Cargoes of Slaves, and not to interfere with or vary the particular f orms of the Policies

4 of Insurance, whereby such Insurances had been theretofore effected, have continued to make Insurances

4 on the Perils and Dangers allowed to be insured by the said Act, in the fame general Terms as are con-

4 tainedrin the common Policies theretofore used in ether Insurances on Ships and Goods: And whereas

4 Doubts have arisen respecting the Validity of such Insurances so made on Cargoes of Slaves, on account

4 of the Policies whereby the fame are cffedled, not being expressly restrained to the particular Peril and

6 Dangers which are by the said Provision of the said Act alone Cived and excepted as the Subjects of law-

4 ful InsuranceFor Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual Security of such Per so ns, be it therefore

enabled, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said Act, or any former

Act contained, {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Insurance already made, or which

hereafter shall be made, upon Ships, Slaves, Goods, and Merchandize, in the fame general Terms with

the Policies now commonly made use of in all other Insurances on Ships and Goods; (that is to say,) on

account of their expressing to be made, 44 against the Risks and Perils of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Ene-

44 mies. Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprifals, Takings at Sea,

44 Arrefls, Refiraints, and Detainments of Kings, Princes, and People of what Nation, Condition, or Qua-

44 lity soever, Barratry of the Master and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Loftes, and Misfortunes that

44 have or shall come to the Detriment or Damage thereof Provided nevertheless, That under such Po-

licies of A flu ranee so made, or to be made, no Loss or Damage shall be hereafter recoverable on account

of the Mortality of Slaves by natural Death or ill Treatment, or against Loss by throwing overboard

of Slaves, on any account whatsoever, or against Loss or Damage by Restraints and Detainments by

Kings, Princes, People, or Inhabitants of /J)i:a, where it {ball be made appear that such Loss or Damage

has been occasioned through any Aggreffiun for the Purpose of procuring Slaves, and committed by the

Master of any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons commanding any Boat or Boats, or Party or Parties

of Men belonging to any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons acting by the Direction of any such Master

or Commander respectively.

44 No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has passed his Examination, &c. If the Officer

44 at the Port of Discharge shall be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than two Slaves

44 in the one hundred, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to the

44 Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Master 100l., and the Surgeon 50/. Like CertifT-

44 cates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the one hundred, which is to entitle

44 the Master to 50/., and the Surgeon to 25/. Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the Master, Offi-

44 cers, and Mariners to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms annexed to the Act; and no other

4< Form to be used, on Penalty of 50/. Muiter-roll to be regularly kept, on Penalty of 100l., and fix

44 Months Imprisonment,”

; 34 Geo. III. 4H XV. And

Penalty 0r%

making f.,)rc

Declaration.

Former

recite d.

and no;hTng

therein to make

void Insurance*

made in the fame

general Terms as

otherlijfurances,

but under them

no Damages shall

be recoverable in

certain Cafes.

