i86

Officers to give

n- the Party in-

titled to the Al-

lowance a Ceiti-

ficate of the

Ainouat, &c.

Such Crnificaiei

hei ng produced

after fix Week*

a^d before thiee

Month* from

she Time of

their being

granted, and

Oath being

fnade to the

Particular*

herein specified,

the Allowance

to be .paid by the

Com mlfii oners

or Collectorsi

Person* faking

false Oaths liable

lo the Penalties

for Perjury.

Person* Coun-

terfeiting, &C.’

Certificate* to

forfeit 5001.

How Penaltie*

may be Cued lor,

and how to be

applied*

All Laws rela-

tive to che Ex-

cife to extend to

this Act,

Preamble*

C. 7, 8. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of

Excite, or the Officer of Excise who shall have taken such Account and ascertained the Quantity of such

Candles in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles,

shall, with all convenient Speed, and without Fee or Reward, grant and give to the Tallow Chandler, or other

Seller of or Dealer in Candles, intitled to the Allowance for or in respect of such Candles, a Certificate, ex-

pressing the Quantity of such Candles, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons intitled to the

Allowance for or in respect thereof, and whether he, (he, or they is or are Tallow Chandlers, or Sellers of or

Dealers in Candles, and the Amount of the Allowance for or in respect of such Candles.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Certificate being produced by such

Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to the

Commissioners of Excise, for such Candles as shall be taken an Account of under or by virtue of this Act,

within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or the Person appointed by them, or the major

Part of them, to receive the same, or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which any such Certi-

ficate shall be granted in other Parts of Great Britain, at any Time after the End and Expiration of fix

Weeks, and before the End and Expiration of three Months from the Time of the granting thereof, and

Oath having been made by such Tallow Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, before any of

the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major

Part of them, for that Purpose, or before such Collector, or before the Supervisor of the Division or District

in which such Tallow Chandler, or Seller of or Dealer in Candles, shall reside, (which Oath the said Com-

missioners, and Person appointed by them, and the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise, are respectively

hereby authorised and impowered to administer,) .that the said Candles, specified in any such Certificate, and

for which any such Allowance is or shall be claimed, were the sole Property of such Tallow Chandler, or

Seller of or Dealer in Candles, and actually in his, her, or their Custody or Possession on the said twenty-sixth

Day of March onelhoufand (even hundred and ninety-two, and that the Allowance granted by this Act has

not, with his, her, or their Privity or Consent, nor to his, her, or their Knowledge or Belief, been claimed foe

the Candles specified in such Certificate, or for any Part thereof, by any other Person or Persons whatsoever,

and that he, (he, or they hath or have no Reason to believe but that the proper Duties have been paid or

charged for or in respect of the said Candles ; and thereupon the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major

Part of them, or such Collector as aforesaid, being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall forthwith, out of

the Money in his or their Hands respectively arising from the Duties hereby in Part repealed, pay to the Tal-

low Chandler, or other Seller of or Dealer in Candles, intitled to the fame, the Allowance specified in such

Certificate.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be con-

vidted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the Cafes in which an Oath is required to be taken by this

Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall

counterfeit or forge, or caule to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate by this Act required or directed,

or shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate, or shall fraudulently alter or erase, or

cause to be fraudulently altered or erased, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall

make use of any Certificate, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, false,' untrue, altered, or erased,

every such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred

Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures im-

posed or created by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or

Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law

or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at JVejhwnJlcr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one Moiety of every

such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to

him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An A;l for taking away the Court of IVards ani

Liveries, and Tenures inCapite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his

Majesty in lieu there f or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are

provided and established, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act*,

as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this pre-

font Act.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise by

Common Brewers.

4 T T 7 IIE R E A S the Provisions already made by Law are not Efficient to deter Common Brewers from

4 V V selling Beer, Ale, or Worts, in Id's Quantity than a whole Calk, containing (our Gallons and an

4 Hair*;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and (Jon-

font of the Lords Spiritual and TemporJ, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the

Autuority

le

