124

Return!^ Offi-

cer? to execute

Writs.

By whom the

Members are to

be chosen.

Certain Persons

not eligible to

the Afl'embres.

NoPerson under

ai Years of

Age, &C. ca-

pable of voting

or being elected 5

nor any Person

attainted for

Treafun or Fe-

lony.

Voters, if re-

quired, to take

the following

Oath,

ard to make

Oath to the Par-

ticulars herein

fpc cified.

His Majesty may

authorise the

Governor to fix

the Time and

Place of holding

Elections,

and of holding

the Srflions of

the Council and

A&nbly, &c.

C. 31. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

farthest from the Day on which they shall bear Date, unless it shall at anytime be otherwise provided by

any Ait of the Legislative Council and Assembiy of the Province, afleited to by his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors ; and that in the Cafe of any such Vacancy which (hull happen by the Dea^h of the Person

chosen, or by Reason of his being so summoned as aforesaid, the Writ for the Election of a new Member

shall be issued within fix Days after the fame shall be made known to the proper Office for issuing

such Writs of Election.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Returning Officers Co

appointed as aforesaid, to whom any such Writs as aforesaid shall be directed, shall, and they are hereby

authorised and required duly to execute uch Writs.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Members for the several Districts,

or Counties, or Circles of the said Provinces respectively, shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes of such

Persons as shall severally be possessed, for their own Use and Benefit, of Lands or Tenements within such

District, or County, or Circle, as the Cafe shall be, such Lands being by them held in F reehold, or in

Fief, or in Roture, or by Certificate derived under the Authority of the Governor and Council of the

Province of Shiebec, and being of the yearly Value of forty Shillings Sterling, or upwards, over and above

all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the fame ; and that the Members for the several Towns

or Town ships within the said Provinces respectively shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes of such

Persons as either shall severally be possessed, for their own Use and Benefit, of a Dwelling House and Lot

of Ground in such Town or Township,such Dwelling House and Lot of Ground being by them held in like

Manner as aforesaid, and being of the yearly Value of five Pounds Sterling, or upwards, or, as having been

relldent within the said Town or Township for the Space of twelve Calendar Months next before the Date

of the Writ of Summons for the Election, shall bona fnlc have paid one Year’s Relit for the Dwelling

House in which they shall have so resided, at the Rate of ten Pounds Sterling t>cr Annum, or upwards.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

capable of being elected a Member to serve in either of the said Atlemblies, or of fitting of voting therein,

who shall be a Member of either of the said Legislative Councils to be established as aforesaid in the said

two Provinces, or who shall be a Minister of the Church of England, or a Minister, Priest, Ecclesiastic,

or Teacher, either according to the Rites of the Church of Rome, or under any other Form or Profession of

religious Faith or Worship.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

capable of voting at any Election of a Member to serve in such Assembly, in either of the said Provinces,

or of being elected at any such Election, who shall not be of the full Age of twenty-one Years, and a

natural-born Subject of his Majesty, or a Subject of his Majesty naturalized by Act of the British Parlia-

ment, or a Subject of his Majesty, having become such by the Conquest and Cession of the Province of

Canada.

XXIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of voting at

any Election of a Member to serve in such Assembly, in either of the Lid Provinces, or of being elected

at any such Election, who shall have been attainted for Treason or Felony in any Court of Law within any

of his Majesty’s Dominions, or who shall be within any Description of Persons disqualified by any

Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or

Succcfibrs.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Voter, before

he is admitted to give his Vote at any such Election, shall, if required by any of the Candidates, or by

the Returning Officer, take the following Oath, which shall be administered in the English or French Lan-

guage, as the Cafe may require :

“ T A. B. do declare and testify, in the Presence of Almighty God, That I am, to the best of my Know-

“ ledge and Belief, of the full Age of twenty-one Years, and that I have not voted before at this

u Election.”

And that every such Person shall also, if so required as aforesaid, make Oath previous to his being admitted

to vote, that he is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, duly possessed of such Lands and Tenements,

or of such a Dwelling House and Lot of Ground, or that he has bona fide been so resident, and paid such

Relit for his Dwelling House, as entitles him, according to the Provisions of this Act, to give his Vote at

such Election for the County, or District, or Circle, or for the Town or Township for which he shall

offer the fame.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorise the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Person admi-

n ftering the Government within each of the said Provinces respectively, to fix the Time and Place of

holding such Elections, giving not less than eight Days Notice of such Time, subject nevertheless to such

Provisions as may hereafter be made in these Respects by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly

of the Province, assented to by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorise the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of each of the said

Provinces respectively, or the Person administering the Government therein, to fix the Places and Times

of holding the first and every other Session of the Legislative Council and Assembly of such Province, giving

due and sufficient Notice thereof, and to prorogue the fame, from Time to Time, and to difl'olve the fame,

by Proclamation or otherwise, whenever he shall judge it necessary or expedient*

XXVII. Provided

