176 C. 56. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

' by virtue of this Act (except only where the Manner of infliding any such Punishment is by this Act par-

ticularly directed) the several Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered, and Punishments in-

flided, by such and the like Ways and Means, and in such and the like Manner, as any Penalties or For-

feitures can or may be levied and recovered, or any Punishment inflicted, by virtue of the said former Acts,

made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fif-

teenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, for Offences committed against the said

recited Acts, or any of them; and that the Money arising from such Penalties and Forfeitures (except such

as are hereby directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treaiurer to be appointed by the said

Committee by virtue of this Act, and shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Distress of the Goods and Chattels

of any Person shall be made for any Penalty incurred for reeling or causing to be reeled, or spinning or

causing to be spun, any Worsted Yarn, contrary to the Directions before specified and laid down for the

spinning and reeling of such Yarn; but that every such Person shall, in case he or she shall not immediately

after Conviction of such Offence pay the Penalty to which he or she shall become subject or liable by virtue

of the said former Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, and the Costs and Charges attending such Con-

viction, be committed to Prilon by the JuiHce or Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be

convicted, for any Term not exceeding one Calendar Month, or until such Penalty, and the Costs and

Charges of such Conviction, and of conveying him or her to Prison, shall be paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall

be convicted as aforesaid shall cause the Conviction to be made out in Manner and Form following; (that

is to say,)

u T) E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

14 L* ji, B, is convicted before me, [or us] of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace

46 for [Spcc\fying the Offence* and the Place where the same was committed.] Given under

my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals,] the Day and Year aforesaid.”

No Distress to

be made for

Penalty for false

or short reeling,

he.

IF >rm of Con-

vj&ion.

Persons aggriev-

may appeal to

the Quarter

Sc/fcon*.

Protifo.

limitation of

Aftiuns,

Central issue.

Treble Cod*.

Ptibliclc Act.

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly written on Parchment, and returned t®

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Con-

viction shall be made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept amongst the Records of

such Sessions.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves

aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Conviction

before him or them, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Quar-

ter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, City, Town, or Place, where the Cause of Appeal

shall arise, which shall be held within fourteen Days after the Cause of Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days

Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons on whose Evidence the Order, Warrant, or Conviction

was made, and giving Security, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to prose-

cute such Appeal with Efted, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Quarter Sessions,

in case the Order or Judgement be affirmed; and the Justices in the said Quarter Sessions are hereby autho-

rifed to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to

them shall appear just, which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed

or removable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings, so made

or had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in relation to the Preinifcs, shall be quashed or va-

cated for want of Form only.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against

any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be '

commenced within six Calendar Months next alter the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall

be severally laid, brought, and tried in the County or Place wherein the Cause of Action shall have arisen,

and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Suit or Action shall and may plead

the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon,

and that the fame was done in purfunnee and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so

done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or

shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant

or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or difeon-

tipue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer

Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may re-

cover treble Colls, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant hath for Costs in other Cafes

at Law

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken tobeaPublick

Ad; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without

specially pleading the same.

cap*

