I

A. D» 1793. Anno trkefimo tertio Georgii III. C.-51. 353

tors thereon shall not, within fourteen Days after Notice thereof, and Requisition made for that Purpose by

the said Commissioners, produce another Surety or other Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commis-

(ioners, to become bound, and who shall accordingly become bound, in the said Sum by the like Security or

Securities, in lieu of the Surety or Sureties so becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, or pay to the said Commis-

sioners one Half of the Sum for which such Surety or Sureties were bound by such Security or Securities, then

the Security and Securities given or entered into by such principal Debtor or Debtors shall be deemed for-

feited as far as to the Amount of one Half of the Sum or Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound

respectively; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Process to be issued, in the

Manner prescribed by the said Adl, against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs, Execu-

tors, and Administrators, for the Recovery of one Half Part of all and every the Sum and Sums in which

such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively, together with Interest and Cods, to be directed by the said

Commissioners in pursuance of the said Adl.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name

of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply, by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courts in England

and Scotland respectively, for any Commission of Bankruptcy or Sequestration against the Estate or Efiedts

of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the fame respectively, in like Manner as

any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law intitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy which

shall at any Time hereafter be awarded and issued out in England, and the Court of Session or Lord Ordinary

officiating on the Bills for the Time, and every Officer or other Person concerned in the Management of the

fequestered Estate of any Bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the Proof of any Debt or Grounds of Debt under

,the said Act', on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit of any Person appointed by the said Commissioners to

act in the Execution of the said Act, which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit respectively shall be taken

and administered before any of the proper Officers, having Authority by Law to administer Oaths or Affir-

mations, or to take Affidavits in Cafes of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person so authorized by the

said Commissioners, to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees, Fadlor or Factors, Trustee or

Trustees, as the Cafe may require, of such Bankrupt’s Estate and Enedls, and to do and execute every other

Adl, Matter, and Thing relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Person so authorized

was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-

(Irued to extend, to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy by the Com-

missioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in that Part of Great Britain called England,

or the Proceeding to or under Sequestration in Scotland; provided that every Alignment of the Estate or Ef-

fedts of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts under the said Commission in England, and every Adl of Sequestration

of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to the Claims of the said

Commissioners appointed by the said Adl, and until the fame shall be fully paid or secured to be paid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty, taken by the said Commissioners

from and after the passing the said Adl, or to be taken from and after the passing of this Adl, nor any Pro-

mi ifloty Note to be given to the Secretary to the said Commissioners under this Adl, as a Security for the

Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Depolition, or Receipt, taken or to

.he taken or made under and by virtue of the said Acts, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Adl shall, in the Execution of

the said Adl passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Jffue of

Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount^ for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned, be used, and ap-

plied, and construed, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted in the said Adl; and all

and every the Provisions of the said Adl shall, in the Execution of this Adl, and in the Application of the

Monies recovered or arising upon any Instrument or other Security taken or deposited by virtue of this Adl,

be used, applied, extended, and construed in like Manner, as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted

in this Adl.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Adl shall commence from and after the Day when the fame

shall receive the Royal Assent.

XXV. c And whereas certain Exchequer Bills have been prepared at the Receipt of the Exchequer, under

the said Adl, which are made payable on the thirty-first Day of December one thoufar.d seven hundred and

c ninety-three, and which were directed by the said Adl to be made payable on the thirtiethDay of December

€ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills which

have been or shall be issued under the said Adl, as payable on the said thirty-first Day of December, shall be

deemed in Law to be due and payable on the said thirtieth Day of December, according to the Directions of

the said Adl, any Thing in such Exchequer Bills contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sureties, or pay

Half the Sum

for which Esnk*

rupt Sureties

were bound,

Procefi may be

issued against

them for it.

Commissionera

may apply lor

Commission* of

Bankruptcy or

Se^ueftrariun*

Commissionrrs

of Bankruptcy,

See. to admit

Proof of Debt

upon the Oath

of Persons ap-

pointed by.the

Commissioners

uru'er recited

Act, Scc,

Adl not to delay

the Execution of

Commissions of

Bankruptcy,&e.

Obligation*

under recited or

this Act not

liable to Stamp

Duty.

Provisions of

this tT extend

to recited Act 5

and of recited

Act to this.

Commencement

of A,fl»

Exchequer Bil 1*

made payable on

December 31,

1793, to be

deemed payable

on December

30.

Z Z 2

CAP.

