414

General I flue.

Treble Cofti.

sc Occ, ITT.

Cap. 6. lecucd.

Good?, l-gaMy

innpjrieJ into

Ireland from

America, &c.

may br imported

into G e*t Bri-

tain from thence

in British or

irish built

Ships, owned,

&c according to

Law

provided the re-

quifue Crrtifi -

ca es from the

Revenue Offi-

cers be produced.

Such Goods,if

un accompanied

vrth the origir al

Documents, to be

dealt %vi h as

Goods imported

directly to Great

B/i'ain from the

Culonid.

If only Part cf

the G< ods im-

ported in^o Ire-

land shall be ex-

ported ’o Great

Britain, an In-

dorsement of the

affual Qu m?i J

fhipi shall be

iuihcient, &c.

C. 62, 63. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

. XU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued,

molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons

shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this and the facial Matter, in Evidence, in his, her, or

their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judge-

ment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant or De-

fendants shall pave Tteble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to permit Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture

of Afa% Africa^ or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence

into Great Britain.—[17th June 1793.J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and

the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is

4 now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements, it is among other Things

4 enabled. T hat any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produdf, or Manufacture of the

4 Brit id) Colonies or Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or of any of the Settlements belong-

4 ing to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, and which by any Act or Acts of Parliament are re-

4 quired to be imported from such Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, into Great Britain; and also

4 any other Goods which, having been in any Way legally imported into the said Colonies, Planta-

4 tiens, or Settlements, may now or hereafter be legally exported from thence for Great Britaor,

shall and may be laden in and exported from such Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements respectively,

and in like Manner imported diredfly from thence into the Kingdom of Ireland: And whereas it

4 is expedient to permit and allow, in the Manner herein mentioned, the Importation into Great

4 Britain from Ireland, of such Goods, so imported into Ireland from the said Colonies, Plantations, and

4 Settlements, and likewise of other Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture

4 of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That, from and after the patting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import

into Great Britain from Ireland, in British or Irish-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according

to Law, any Goods which have been imported into Ireland from the aforesaid Colonies, Plantations, or

Settlements, by virtue of the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament; and also to import

in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Provisions, and Retlridlions, as the like

Goods may by Law be imported into Great Britain from Afiay Africa, or America, any other Goods and

Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported

into Ireland, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That, on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth,

Product, or Manufacture of the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, from Ireland into Great Bri-

tain, the lame shall be accompanied with the like Documents and Certificates from the respective Revenue

Officers there, as are or hereafter may be required by Law for the like Sort of Goods imported from thence

directly into Great Britain, except as herein is provided *, and the said Officers respectively are hereby

authorized and required, on the Exportation of such Goods from the said Colonies, Plantations, and Settle-

ments respectively, for the Kingdom of Ireland, to grant the like Documents and Certificates as they now

are or hereafter may be required by Law to grant on the Exportation thereof for Great Britain directly,

under the Penalties and Forfeitures now by Law inflicted and incurred, or hereafter ta be inflicted and

incurred, on Failure thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel shall arrive from any Port or Place in

Ireland at any Port in Great Britain, laden with any such Goods, and the fame shall not be accompanied

with such original Documents and Certificates from the respective Officers in the said Colonies, Plantations,

and Settlements respectively, as now are or hereafter may be required by Law on the Importation thereof

into Great Britain, directly from the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, except as herein is pro-

vided, such Goods shall be dealt with in such Manner as they now are, or hereafter may be liable by Law to

be dealt with on Importation directly into Great Britain, from the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settle-

ments respectively, unaccompanied with such Documents or Certificates.

IV. Provided also, That in case only Part of any such Goods, included in any Document or Certificate

from the said respective Officers in the said Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, shall at any Time be

shipped or exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland for Great Britain, and the actual Quantity and p3r-

t cular Sorts of the Goods shipped shall be truly and correctly endorled on such Document or Certificate

by the proper Officers of the Revenue of Customs in Ireland, such Goods shall and may be admitted to

Entry and Payment of Duty in Great Britain; and, in like Manner, the Remainder of such Goods shall

also be admitted to Entry and Payment of Duty in Great Britain, if the fame shall be accompanied with a

Certificate from the proper Officers of the Revenue of Customs in Ireland, extracted from a Register of the

original Document or Certificate, specifying the Quantity before shipped and exported from thence, at what

Time, by what Vessel, and from what Port in Ireland exported, and lor what Port in Great Britain-

V, And

C.ooooie

