38

19 Geo. Ilf.

C.p »Si it

Geo. 111. Cap.

175 it Cco,

111. Cap. 66$

and

*7 Geo. ITT.

Cap. 30. recited.

From Oft. io»

1^90, 'he recited

Duties under the

left mentioned

6 A&t to cease

except at to Ar-

rears and Finec*

Fr^m Oft. to,

1790, Licences

thentofnreerant-

to fell Wine

or Spirits by Re*

*ail, to be void.

Ferfoni whose

Licences shall be

so void'd to be

allowed a rate-

able Proportion

for the Time

unexpired, on

taking out new

Licences.

From Oft. 10,

1790, Retailers

of W ine and

Spirits to take

out Licences*

C. 38. Anno tricesimo Georgii III, A.D. 1790-

4 retailing the fame, it was enabled. That there should, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one

4 thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, an additional Duty of twenty Shillings per Annum for every Licence that should be taken

4 out by any Person or Persons lor the retailing Spirituous Liquors, pursuant to the Directions of the said

4 last mentioned Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second: And

4 whereas by three several other Acts of Parliament, made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty—

4 second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respectively granting to his Majesty additional Duties

4 upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the CuC-

4 toms and Excise in Great Britain, three several additional Duties or Imposts of five Pounds per Centmm^

4 five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, became charged upon the Produce and Amount of

the said several Duties of twenty Shillings, and twenty Shillings, imposed by the said Acts of the sixteenth

and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Georgy the Second: And whereas, by

4 another Act, made in the twenty-lev enth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying additional

4 Duties upon Licences to he taken out by Persons dealing■ by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, it wasenadted, That*

4 from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-leven, there should be raised*

4 levied, colledied, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and

4 respective Sums in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, for and upon all Licences to be taken out an—

4 nually, in Manner therein-after mentioned, by all Persons who should retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors

4 or Strong Waters within Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Duties by

the said several Acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty

4 King George the Second, imposed, for or in respect of Licences for the retailing of distilled Spirituous Li-

4 quors, as well as the said additional Duties or Imposts charged thereon by the said Acts, made in the nine-1

4 teenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the said Duties

4 by the said Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, imposed, for or

in respect of the Licences therein mentioned, and in lieu thereof to impose other Lyuties on Licences to be

4 taken out by Persons who shall retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, according to the Di-

4 redtions of this Act $’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

tenth Day oiOStober one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the said recited Duties, by the said several

Acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty Kinj* George the

Second, imposed, for or in respect of Licences for the retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or strong Wa-

ters, as well as the said additional Duties or Imposts charged thereon by the said Acts made in the nineteenth,

twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and allb the said Duties by the"

said Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, imposed, for or in respect

of the Licences therein mentioned, shall cease and determine.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing

herein-befoi e contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any Arrears of the said reflec-

tively recited Duties which may, on the said tenth Day of OStober one thousand seven hundred and ninety,

remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto re-

lpcdtively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said tenth Day of October 6ne thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety $ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wile not-'

withstanding.

IV. AncJ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of

Oslo her one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all Licences which, before the said tenth Day of OSiober

one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall have been granted by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any'

of them, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to fell Wine by Retail, or to fell by Retail British-made

Wines or Sweets, and which shall be then unexpired $ and also all Licences which, before the said tenth Day

of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall have been granted by the said Commissioners of Ex-

cife in England and Scotland respectively, or any of them, or by the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise, or

any of them, in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Persons appointed by the said Commissioners of

Excise in England ar.d Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, to any Person or Persons

whatsoever, to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, and which shall be then unexpired, {hall*

on the said tenth Day of OSlober one thousand seven hundred and ninety, become and be null and void to all;

Intents and Purposes whatsoever $ any Thing in the said Licences expressed, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained, to the contrary thereofin any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person aitd Persons whole

Licence for retailing of Wine, or for selling by Retail British-made Wines or Sweets, or to retail distilled

Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall be or become null and void under and by virtue of this Act,s

shall, on his, her, or their taking out a Licence of the fame Kind as his, her, or their Licence so become

null and void for the Year ending on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, under

and by virtue of this Act, be allowed to deduct, out of the Money by this'Act directed to be paid for such

last mentioned Licence, a rateable Proportion according to the Sum or Sums of Money by him* her* or

them paid for such his, her, or theft Licence lo become null and void, and the Portion of Time for which

such Licence was granted to be in Force which shall be unexpired at the Time of such Licence so becoming'

null and void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all and every Person or Persons who shall retail Foreign Wine,

or British-made Wines, or Sweets, or distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, (hall, before he, (he,

or they shall retail any Foreign Wine, or any British-made Wines or Sweets, or any distilled SpirituousLiV

quors

