A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III.

C. 2—4.

Counc'I of Dec.

23, 1789. may

proceed on their

Voyages.

Wheat, See. may

be i rpor  into

Eneh.no, Wale*,

and Berw ick

upon Tweed on

Payment of the

L vv Duties.

V'heaf, &rc. im-

ported on the

Low Dutie', and

v.hich migl t

have been waie-

houled under the

hither Duties

m*v be so ware*

heukd, &c.

bdore the Collectors of his Majesty*s Customs at those Ports respectively had received that Order of his

Majesty in Council, and which were respectively entered according to Law for Exportation to his Ma-

jesty *s laid Sugar Colonies in America, from proceeding to their respective Ports of Delivery, under the

several Securities, Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, under which

the fame Articles may be exported respedhvcly to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies aforesaid, by any Law now

in force.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful for any Person

or Persons whatever to import into any of the Ports of that Part of Great Britain called England, or into

the Ports of Wales, or into the Port of Berwick upon Tweed, any Vv heat. Wheat-flour. Rye-meal, Bar-

ley, Barley-meal, Oats, and Oatmeal, Peas and Beans, and the fame shall and maybe retncct'vcly de-

livered to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, on Payment of the Duties commonly called The Low

Duties. and none other j any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as any Wheat, or Wheat-flour, Rye,

Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported, on Payment of the Duties commonly called

The Lviv Duties, into any of the Ports where the fame, if imported at a Time when the higher Duties were

payable, might by Law have been lodged and secured under the joint Locks of the King, and the Im-

porter or Proprietor, such Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall, if the fame {hall be required by the Importer or

Proprietor thereof, be landed from on board the Ship or Veftel in the Presence of the proper Officer or

Officers, and after a due Account thereof taken by the proper Officer of the Customs {hall be immediately

lodged and securtd, under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor of such Corn, Grain,

or Flour, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as {hall be for that Purpose provided, at the foie Expence of

the said Importer or Proprietor, with the Approbation and under the Care and Inspeflion of the Commis-

sioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs

for the Port where such Corn, Grain, or Flour, {hall be imported, there to be kept, and not delivered or

taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, but in the same Manner, and under the fame Conditions,

Securities, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Penalties, as are provided in the said Act passed in the

thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, respecting Com, Grain, or Flour, lodged and secured under

the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Wheat, or Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease, Beans,

Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall have been hitherto imported on Payment of the Duties commonly called

The Lew Duties, and shall have been landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame was im-

ported in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs, and shall have been by such Officer or Officers

immediately lodged and secured in a Warehouse or Warehouses, under the joint Locks of him or tiiem,

and of the Importer or Proprietor, such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or

Oats, shall be considered as having been warehoused under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer

or Proprietor, according to the Directions of the said Act paiied in the thirteenth Year of his present Ma-

jesty, and may be delivered and taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, in the same Manner, and

under the fame Conditions, Securities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Penalties, as arc provided in the said

last mentioned Act.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act {hall continue in force until the twenty-

ninth Day of September one thousand leven hundred and ninety; and may be altered, varied, or repealed by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

See. in tbc

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety. [ 4/.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. IV.

An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries

beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

c T T WHEREAS the taking off the Duty on Tin exported from Great Britain to the Countries beyond Preamble.

c y V the Cape of Good Hope, will encourage the railing a greater Quantity of Tin from the Mines of

* this Kingdom, and be thereby highly benehcial, as well to all concerned in the said Mines, as to the

* Commerce of this Kingdom in generalMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Adv ice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembl., and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the first Day ot March one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Duty of From Marrh t,

Customs whatever shall be charged or paid or payable upon any Tin unwrought which shall be exported, or no Du,y

entered for Exportation, from Great Britain, to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope; any ot

former Law now in force to the contrary notwithstanding. i*.* ghtTinex-

ported to an7 Place beyond tbc Cape ol Good Hope,

. II. Pro-

Whf.% &e.

which has been

lepally imported*

znc warehoukd

under the Locks

of the Officer

of the Cufljms

and the Im-

porter, may be

delivered under

the Regulation*

of 13 Geo. 3.

c. 43.

Act to conuroe

in force t ill Sept,

29, 1790 and

may be altered,

present SciTion.

