S5^ C. 52. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. >1793.,

prove, alter, or vary in Substance any of such proposed Orders or Instructions, in every such Cafe the

said Board shall give to the said Directors in Writing, under the Hand of the Chief Secretary of the said

Board, by Order of the said Board, their Reasons at large in respect thereof, together with their Inftriic-

ttons to the said Directors in relation thereto ; and that the said Directors shall, and they are hereby re-

quired forthwith todifpatch and fend the Letters, Orders, and InstrucSlions, in the Form approved by the

laid Board, to the proper Government or Officers in India, or other Limits, without further Delay,

unless on any Representation made to them by the said Directors, the said Board shall order any Altera-

tiens' to be made therein; and that the Directors of the said Company for the Time being shall, and are

hereby required to pay Obedience to, and shall be governed and bound by, such Orders and Instructions as

they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Board of Commissioners, touching or concerning

the Civil and Military Government of the said 'Territories and Acquisitions, and the Revenues of the fame,

according to the Tenor and true Intent of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-

ftrued to extend, to feltridl or prohibit the said Directors from expressing, by Representalion in Writing to

the said Board, such Remarks, Observations, or Explanations as shall occur, or they shall think fit, touch-

ing or concerning any Letters, Orders, or Instructions, which shall have been varied in Substance, or

diiapproved by the said Board ; and that the said Board shall, and they are hereby required, to take every

such Representation, and the several Matters therein contained or alledged, into their Consideration, and to

give such further Orders or Instructions thereupon as they shall think fit and expedient; which Orders or

instuctions shall be final and conclusive upon the said Directors.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. That nothing in this A61 contained shall

extend to give to the said Board of Commissioners the Power of nominating or appointing any of the Ser-

vants of the said United Company, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted. That whenever the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall

neglect to frame, and to transmit to the said Beard, Dispatches on any SubjecSl connected with the Civil or

Military Government of the said Territories and Acquisitions, or with the Revenues thereof, beyond the

Space of fourteen Days after Requisition made to them by Order of the said Board, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Board to prepare and send to the said Directors (without waiting for the Receipt of

the Copies of Dispatches intended to be sent by the said Directors) any Orders or InstrucSlions for any of

the Governments or Presidencies in India, concerning the Civil or Military Government of the said Terri-

tories, or the Revenues thereof; and the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required to transmit Dif-

patches, according to the Tenor of the said Orders and Inductions so transmitted to them by the faits

Board, unto the respecStive Governments and Presidencies in India, unless, on any Representation made by

the said Directors to the said Board, touching such Orders or InstrucSlions, the said Board shall direct any

Alteration to be made in the fame; which Directions the said Court of Directors shall, in such Cafe* be

bound tp conform to.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be condrued to extend, to give to the said Board of Commissioners any Power or Authority to issue or fend

any Orders or Inductions, which do not relate to Points connected with the Civil or Military Government,

or Revenues of the BritiJI) Territories or Poileflions in India, nor to expunge, vary, or alter any Dif-

patches proposed by the Lid Court of Directors as aforesaid, which do not relate to the said Government

or Revenues ; and that if the said Board shall find any Orders or lndrudiions to the said Court of Direc-

tors, to be by them transmitted, which in the Opinion of the said Court of Directors shall relate to Points

not connected with the said Civil or Military Government, or Revenues, then and on any fuen Occafien

it shall be lawful (or the said Court of Directois to apply by Petition to his Majesty in Council touching

the fame, and his Majesty in Council fh.all decide how lar the fame be or be not connected with the Civil

or Military Government and Revenues of the said Territories and Poilessions in lndiay which Decilion shall

be final and conclusive.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Board to give or

.cause to be given any Directions, ordering or authorizing, by any Dispatches to be sent to India, the In-

crease of the established Salaries, Allowances, or Emoluments of any Governor General, Governor, or Pre-

fident, or Member of Council of any of the Presidencies and Settlements there, or of any other Officer in the

Service of the said Company, beyond the Amount to which the fame now (land fixed by the Orders which

have been sent to India, unless such Increase shall be specified and contained in some Dilpatch proposed by

the said Cpurt of Directors to be sent to Indiay and transmitted by them to the said Board for their Appro-

bation, and unless an Account of the actual Salaries, Allowances, and Emoluments of such Governor Ge-

neral, Governor, or President, or Member of Council, or other Officer respectivel/, and of the Increase

proposed to be made therein, with the Reasons for such Increase, Avail have been laid before both Houses of

Parliament thirty Days before such Dispatch shall be sent.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall not be lawful for the said Board to give or

cause to be given any Direction for the Payment of any extraordinary Allowance or Gratuity from the said

Revenues to any Person, on Account of Services performed in India, or on any other Account whatever,

to any greater Amount, .or to any other Person than shall be specified and contained in some Dispatch pro-

posed by the said Court of Directors to be sent to Indiay and transmit cd by them to the said Board for their

Approbation ; and that in every Cafe where any such Directions Aiall be lo given, a dittincSl Account of all

such Allowances or Gratuities shall be added to the next Lift of Establfthments laid before Parliamenthy

the said Court of Directors.

1 XIX. Pro-

Dirt&ors may

nuke Reprc-

fen'ations

touching Or-

ders altered or

cifapproved by

the Bo-rd.

B«>ard n< t to

nominate any of

the Servants of

the Company.

If the Direflors

nrgleft to frame

Dispatches be-

yond 14 Days

a:ter Requifi-

ti n, the Board

may prepare In-

flru&iens, and

the Director*

shall forward

them to India.

Boa*-d to iflTue

Orders relating

to the Cfi il or

Military Go*

vernment, or

the Reveni es

on'y j and if the

Directors chink

they 00 n-»t re-

late to them,

thry may pc.

tien his Ma*

jesty.

Board not to di-

re£t the Increase

of eAablished

Salaries 1

proposed by the

Directors, am-

laid before Par-

liament ;

nor to direct any

Gratuity, but

such as shall be

propojrd by the

Diic&ors, &c

