The TITLES of

therfy Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes,

\n the North Riding of the County of York.

135. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jvfty, intituled, An /let for repairing and widening toe Road

from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or

r.eor Brottgli Ferry, in the Parish of EHoughton, in the

East Riding of the County of York, to the "North End of

the Tarn f Brough, and from thence, throng!) South Cave,

to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the find

Riding.

I34.. An Aff for continuing and amending two Adh, of the

seventeenth Y ear of King George the Second, and the

ninth Y'ear of his present Majesty, so far as relates to re-

iring the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the

orth Extent of the Parish of HanwelL in the County of

Oxford.

133. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and

Powers of two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed

in the twenty-first and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of

his lat& Majesty King George the Second, for repairing

the High Road from*the Town of Bowes, in the County of

York, to Barnard Cattle, in the County of Durham, and

from thencc9 through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bilhop

Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to

Gaundlefs Bridge, and from thence by M elder (ton Gill,

ether wife Cowndon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sun-

derland Bridge,/?; the County of Durham; and for reduc-

ing the said Acts into one, and for the more effectually re-

pairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

136. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the

PoweTS, of two Acts, passed in the seventeenth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing the Road between the Town cf Kingston uport

Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the

County of Y ork; and for repairing the Road from Newland

Bridge to the West End of the Town tf/'Cottingham, in the

f id Riding.

137. An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Pvepair,

a R.oad from the Bottom of Majon's Laney near the Town

of Bradford, in the County of ITilts* to join the Turnpike

Road leading from the City of Bath to King/down, at or

near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

138. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widen-

ing ike Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence

to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill a for said

to the Town cf Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road be-

tween Cuckheld and Crawley to the Town cf Horlham;

and also the Readfrom Swingate, in the Parish of Burvvath,

to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurlt, all in the

County of Sussex.

139. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or

nearly from. Stand Edge, within Saddleworth, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York, to or near Alumfs Brock,

in the Tov/nship of Oldham, in the Parjlh o^ Prejlwich^

in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Road

leading out of the said intended Road, through or near

Dchcrfs, to or near a Place called Wall Hill in Saddle-

worth aforesaid; and also another Road leading out of the

Lid hril-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw

Half to or near a Place called Hollins, all in Saddlcworth

aforesaid.

140. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Y ear of the Reign of King

George the Second* and the thirteenth Y'ear of the Reign

the STATUTES.

of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading front

the Market Houjc in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein

mentioned\ in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop,

and Warwick, rspectively, so far as the j 1 id Acts relate to

the repairing of the Roads from Btakedown Pool, in the

Parish of TIagley and County of Worcester, to the Top of

Smailbrooke Street; and from The Five Ways to Easy

Row in Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick.

141. An A:t for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,'

of the fifth Year of his present M jetty, for repairing fe-

veral Roads leading from the Town of Warrninster, in the

County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or

near the said Town; for repairing several Roads in and

leading through the Town of Warrninster; for paving

and repairing the Footivays, and regulating the Market^

within the said Town of W anninster.

142. An Act for enlarging the 'Berm and Powers of an Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Col-

li ngham, through Wetherby, to the City of Yor k.

143. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act of the twelfth Year of his

present Majesty, for repairing, v/idening, and keeping in

Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop*

through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County,

and from Knockin to tbs East End of the Llanriader Road\

and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road from

Llanymynech to Oswestry, near Coid Ufa Mountain, and

from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the

East End of Knockin Lane.

144. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair the Road from Penn Inn, in the County

of DorJ'ct, to or near Shipley Ljfnc, in the Parish of Honi-

ton, in the County of Devon, and from Noriheote Lane, in

Honiton aforesaid, to or near CoUumptonjux the said County

of Devon; and several other Roads in the Counties of

Dofetj DiVony and Somerset; and for repealing so much

of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, intituled, An Arl for repairing

and widening several Roads in the Counties cf Dorset and

Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme

Regis, as rel ates to the Road from Fair Mile Inn tr>

Straightway Head, otherwise Stretwocd Head, in the Parish

of Whimpte, in the said County of Devon.

145. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading

from CornhiU Burn, by Pallinjburn and Flodaen Lane to

Milfidd March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and

also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the Coun-

ties of Northumberland and Durham.

146. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and repair-

ing the Roads from Swell Wolf in the Parish of Lower

Swelj in the County of Gloutrjler, to or near the sixth '

Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road leading from the Bo-

rough of Tnvkefbury to the Town of Stow*, in the fame

. County; and from the North-east End‘ of The Swan

Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to

the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of

Sedgtborough, in the County of IPorcrfer; and from the

Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gioucejicr^ by

a Place called Stamp Crrfs, to or near the Tcntn Mile Stune

on the said Turnpike Road, leading from Tcwhesbury ta

Stow aforesaid.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend the

Powers of two several Act>, passed in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the

twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street*

in the Parifl.i of South Mailing, near tbs Town of Lewes,

. ter

