A.D. 1794. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 5c, 5r. 541

or Inland Navigations; nor to any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat whatever,

the Owner of which shall have a Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commis-

sioners of the Admiralty for the Time bung, or any Person authorized by them to grant the fame; such

Licence being obtained and entered agreeably to the said recited Aof the twenty-fourth Year of his

present Majesty, and being actually on board such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or

Boat at the Time of her being detained or examined by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise,

and produced to him or them, on Demand, during such Detention or Examination; nor to subjebt to For-

feiture any Ship or Vessel for having Arms or Ammunition on board, which shall have been regularly en-

tered and cleared at any Custom House in any of his Majesty’s Dominions, as Merchandize, or for the

Ule of his Majesty’s Stores or Garrisons, and which shall be regularly (lowed in the Hold of such Ship or

Vessel; nor to forfeit any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, Yawl, or Boat which shall bona fide

be wholly and foleiy employed in the Cod, Herring, Mackerel, or other Fifneries carried on from Great

Britain, and shall have on board a sufficient Quantity of Hooks and Lines, or Nets, for properly carrying

on the said Fisheries respectively, and shall clear out at some Port in Great Britain for such Fisheries re-

spedlively.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry,

Smack, Yawl, Boat, or Goods forfeited and seized by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall and

may be prosecuted, and the Forfeitures thereupon recovered and applied in like Manner as any other

Vessels are or may be prosecuted, and the Forfeitures thereupon recovered and applied, by virtue of the said

recited A61 of the- twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty.

XIII. c And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

c intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snujfi and for granting new Duties in lien thereof^

4 it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, after

4 the fame shall have been shipped for Exportation in or on board any Ship or Vessel, in pursuance and ac-

4 cording to the Directions of the said ACt, shall be unshipped for any Purpose whatever, or shall be re-

4 landed in this Kingdom, (unless in case of Necessity or Distress, to save the Ship and Goods from perish-

4 ing,) under certain Forfeitures in the said ACt mentioned; which Provision hath been found insufficient

1 to prevent the fraudulent relanding of such Tobacco:’ Be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, all and every Per-

son or Persons who shall unship or reland, or cause or procure to be unshipped or relanded, any such To-

bacco, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited ACt, or who shall be assisting or other-

wife concerned in such unshipping or relanding the fame, or to whose Hands the fame shall knowingly

come after such unshipping or relanding thereof, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, shall

forfeit Treble the Value of such Tobacco, to be estimated at the best: and highest Pi ice which Tobacco of

the best Quality shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred ; and if any

Proprietor, Consignor or Consignee, of such Tobacco, or the Master, or any other Person belonging to or.

on board any such Ship or Vessel, in or on board which any such Tobacco shall have been so shipped for

Exportation, shall assist in or connive at such unshipping or relanding any such Tobacco, every such Pro-

prietor, Consignor, or Consignee, Master, or other Person, (over and above all other Penalties and For-

feitures,) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Forfeitures may

be recovered,&c.

according to re-

cited Act of 24

Geo. III.

2q Geo- III,

Cjp. 68. recited;

and from July 14

1794, Person*

unshipping, &c.

Tobacco shipped,

for Exportation*

contrary thereto,

to forfeit Treble

the Value,

- CAP. LI.

& An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and

Marble.—[9th May 1794.]

c Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your A'lajesty’s Publick Expences, ana

c making such permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

c cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Abb for that Purpose

4 passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant

4 unto your Majesty the several Custom Duties herein mentioned;’ and do most humbly beseech your

: Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven From July 5,

hundred and ninety-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Ma- *79>»the

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duties of Customs herein mentioned ; that is to say : On all Slate and {^nga^*!tlpor

Stone of the Produblion of Great Britain, (except as hereinafter is provided,) which shall be brought Coast- Brings late and

wife by Sea, from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port, or to any Stone brought

Place within the Limits of any other Port within the said Kingdom, a Duty of twenty Pounds for every Coastwise 20I.

one hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value thereof; which Duty shall be paid by the Proprietor or Per Cent* oi llic

Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, in ready Money, to the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs at alu2#

the Port or Place where such Goods shall be intended to be landed, and before the fame, or any Part there-

of, shall be unshipped.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one Present Dutl«*

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the Duties of Customs now payable on Slate and Stone (being onSiatean*.

of

boogie

