A.-D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 8—10. 303

in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer; and

such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, from Time to Time, account to such Substitute, hired Man,

or Volunteer, how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such Sub-

stitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, receives his Discharge, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Mo-

ney, if any, which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

CAP. IX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Sub-

jests of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to

the United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce

carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to

the.laid United States.

4 \\7'HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his pfefent Majesty, (in- Preamble.

4 tituled, An Act for preventing certain Inti r wheats from being required from Ships belonging to the *3 Geo. HI,

4 United States of America; and to give to his Mnjejty for a limited Tim*^ certain Powers for the better car- Cap. 39.

4 tying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty s dominions and the Inhabitants of the said

4 United States\) which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of

4 April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth

4 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act to extend the Powers- of an Afl^ made in the twenty- 24 Geo. III.

. 4 third Tear of his present Majesty, ior giving h;s Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade Cap. 45.

and Commerce between the Subjects of hi* Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States

4 of America, to the Trade and Commerce cf this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in Ame-

4 rica, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were ex-

4 tended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom^and the British Colonies and Plantations in

4 America, so far as the fame might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of

4 any Place, bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last men-

4 tioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and ninety-three: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third

4 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the lame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried

4 on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and

4 also that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign should be further continued May

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act of the twenty-third *5 Geo. I.

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends-to the Trade and Commerce carried CRaP* 39>

on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America \ and cVmmcrce°bc-

that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and all the Matters and tween this

Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven Kingdom and

hundred and ninety-four, and till the End of the then next Session of Parliament* and no longer. the United

3 5 . , . States of Ame-

rica, and 24 Geo. III. Cap. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 1794.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of

any Place, bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported

from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which

shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities what-

ever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports

of this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by

virtue of this present Act, or by Order or his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted

to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United

States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or

shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Ma-

jesty in Council, the fame shall, be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vellel in which such Goods or

Commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle,

and Apparel belonging thereto.

Stales contrary to Law, to

Articles from

any Place

bordering no the

Baltic, which

may be exported

from this King-

dom, if exported

contrary to Law,

and Goods im-

ported from the

United States of

America, and

not permitted by

Law, and also

Goods imported

from these

be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be How Forfeiture*

sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce aretobereco-

thereof disposed oh paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like U(es and vc'e£| and

33 Glib. III. R r i'uij)oses, phcd'

