288

If Perfms tiaUe

to the Payment

of such Nctes

shall refuse to to

so for io Days

after Denand, a

Justice may hear

the Complaint

c f the Holders,

and awa d the

Sum with Coflb.

Penalties and

Sums awarded

by Justice*, may

he levied by

Distress*

Justices may

order CffenJers

to be detained

tdl Return be

made of Ditlrefs

Warrant, unless

the Parties give

Security.

For want of

Rift re fa the

Parties may be

imprisoned for

three Mon'hs,

or until Recog-

nizance be en-

tered into to ap-

peal to the

Quarter Setfion9.

Quarter Sef-

may fi-

na'ly determine

Appeals.

Proccedirg* not

t) be quashed

for Want of

Form.

J/nitation of

A&ionJ.

r,tnf ral Ifl*ue.

Ticl.lt Costs.

C. i. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793-

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, liable to the Payment of any such Promissory or

other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation, shall neglect or refuse to make Payment of the fuJl Sum

for which the fame was so uttered or paid, in lawful iVIoney of Great Britain, or so much thereof as shall

remain due thereupon, by the Space of ten Days after Demand made thereof by the Holder of any such

Promissory or other Note, or Undertaking as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Divihon, or Place where the Person so

refusing to pay any Rich Promissory or other Note, Order, or Undertaking as aforesaid, shall or may happen

to be or reside; and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required, upon Complaint made by the

Holder thereof, to summon the Person against: whom such* Complaint shall be made, and after his or her

Appearance, or in Default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or

are hereby authorized toadminister) of such Summons having been made, such -Justice or Justices shall

proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such Sum to be paid by the Person liable to

the Payment of such Promissory or other Note, Order, Undertaking, or Obligation as aforesaid, to the

Holder thereof, as shall appear to such Justice or Justices to be due thereon, together with such a Sum for

Costs, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures*

hereby incurred and made payable, shall be forthwith paid by the Person convicted ; and in case such Person

shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, or in case any Person shall neglect to pay or satisfy such Sum of

Money as, upon such Complaint as aforesaid, shall be adjudged, upon the fame being demanded, such Juf-

tice or Justices as aforesaid shall, in such Cafes respectively, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal

or Hands and Seals, cause such Penalties, or such Sum as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of

the Goods of the Offenders respectively so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all Costs and

Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justice

or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently had and

made of such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security, to the Sa-

tisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said Justice or Justices, on such Days as-

shall be appointed by the said Justice cr Justices for the Day of the Return of such Warrant of Distress

(such Day not exceeding eight Days from the;taking of such Security); which Security the said Justice

or Justices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of Recognizance or other wise.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon such Return no sufficient

Distress can be had, then and in such Cafe the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender

to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division or Place, where the

Offence shall be committed, for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be

sooner paid, or until such Defender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give

Notice to the Informer that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General

Quarter Sessionsof the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be

committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before such Justice or Justices, with two sufficient Sureties*

conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by,

the Justices at such Quarter Sessions (which Notice of Appeal, being not less than fix Days before the

T rial thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby impowered to give) ; and the said Justices at such Sef-

fion, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance,

shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such

Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the

^Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offen-

der against this Act, or for enforcing Payment of such Paper Currency as aforesaid, shall be quashed so*

Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever,. into any

of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons, for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Cafe such Action or

Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three Calendar Months after the Fadt committed, and not

afterwards, and the fame, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought within the County where the

Fadt was committed, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit

shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial

to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if

the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time

limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as afore-mentioned, then the

Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or

discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon

Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall

and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or

Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

CAP.

