A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 43, 44,

posed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties or Forfeitures imposed,

or which may be incurred for any Offence committed against the Laws of the Customs, may legally be

lued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for exending the srovisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower tht Magistrates therein mentioned to

settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their re-

speClive Jurisdictions, to Manufadories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the

more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled

by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof.

4 T T J HEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 VV An Act to empower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons em-

4 ployed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions, it was enacted, That the Wages and

4 Prices for Work of the Journeymen Weavers within the City of London should be settled, regulated, and

4 declared by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldelmen of the said City; and in all Places in the County of

4 Middlesex by the Justices of the Peace of the said County ; and in all Places within the City and Liberty

4 of Westminster, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden in and for the said City and Liberty;

4 and in all Places within the Liberty of the Tower of London,at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

4 holden in and for the said Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace respectively; and certain

4 Penalties are by the said Act inflicted on all Master Weavers within any of the said Districts who should

4 give more or leis Wages, or pay larger or less Prices to any of the said Journeymen Weavers, for their

4 Work, than should be settled or allowed as aforesaid ; and also upon all Journeymen Weavers within the

4 Districts aforesaid, who should ask, receive, or take more or less Wages, or larger or less Prices for their

4 Work than should be settled by the respective Quarter Sessions as aforesaid ; or who should enter into any

4 Combination to raise the Wages or Prices of the said Work; or for that Purpose decoy, solicit, or intimi-

4 date any Journeymen Weavers within the Districts aforesaid, so that they should quit their Matters for

4 whom they should then be employed ; or who should assemble themselves in order to frame or deliver Peti-

4 tiens, or other Representations touching their Wages, or Price of Work, contrary to the said Act, and

4 divers salutary Regulations and Provisions are established by the said Act for carrying the fame into Execu-

4 tien : And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Act extends to Persons employed in the Manufac-

4 tures of Silk mixed with other Materials :* For obviating therefore such Doubts, may it please your Ma-

jesty that it may be enacted and declared ; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Al-

dermen of the City of London, and the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions throughout

the several and respective Districts in the said Ad mentioned, shall, from Time to Time, settle, regulate,

order, and declare the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers working within their re-

spective Jurisdictions in any Manufacture of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, in like

Manner as they are respectively authorised and impowered by the said recited Act to settle, regulate, order,

and declare the fame in the Manufacture of Silk only; and that the said recited Act, and all and every the

Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things

therein contained, shall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and construed to extend, and are hereby declared

to extend to all Persons employed in or about any of the Manufactures of Silk mixed or wrought up with any

other Materials within the respective Districts in the said Ad mentioned, in as full and ample Manner as the

said Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Matters

and Things, are by the said recited Act declared to extend to the several and respective Persons therein

named; and the fame respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of all

such Manufactures of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, as fully and effectually as if all

and every the said Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and

other Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices before whom any Person shall

be convicted of any Ottence, either against the said Ad of the thirteenth Year of his said present Majesty,

or against this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the tffedt

following ; (that is to say,)

S 4 jn E it remembered, That on this Day of in the Tear cf our

to wit. \ 4 Lord A. B. is convicted before us of his Majesty's Ju/iices

4 of the Peace in and for the said County of or for the City, Liberty, Town or Place [as the

4 Cafe may be],/i?r [here specify the Offence, and when and where the fame was committed] ; and we the

4 said Justices do adjudge him [or her] to pav and forfeit for the fame the Sum of

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Tear ft ft above-written.'

H h z And

233

Preamble.

13 Geo. 3. c. 6$,

recited.

Wages of Jour-

neymen Weaver!

in any Manu-

facture of Silk

mixed witholher

Materials to be

feilkd as direc-

ted by the re-

cited A£1, with

regard to Silk

Weavers, &c.

Juices to cause

Conudions to

be drawn up in

the iullovting

Form,

