86 C. 104—no. Anno tricesimo fecimdo Geo&gij III. A.D. 1792.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for building a New Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmar-

then, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof* with Water; and

for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and publiclc

Passages, and for widening, and making the same more' commodious; and removing and preventing

Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein $ and for other Fqrposes. /; ; \

\ CAP. CV.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the^

several Parishes of Alaidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent.

CAP. CVL

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Ca/lle causeway, through the Town of

Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the River

JVitham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting

the said Navigation.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tatterjhall Canal, from the River JVitham to the Town

of Tatterjhall, and extending the lame into the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain navigable

from thence to or into the 1 own of Horncajile, all in the County of Lincoln; and also for amending and

rendering complete the navigable Communication between the said River JVitham and the Fosdike Canal,

through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln,

c a p. cvm.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Town or V

Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Jfle of Ely and County of Cambridge \

and for altering and amending an Act, paflecl in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty IGng

George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in

the. Townships or Hamlets of March and JVimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely,

and County of Cambridge.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships 01* Hamlets of Hefsle, Anlaby, and Tranby, in the

County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a Compensation in lieu of Tythe for cer-

tain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township

or Hamlet of Wooferton, other wise Wolf reton, in the same County,

CAP. CX.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called

Hexhamshire, and Allendale Common, and also certain Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of

Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for dinting the Depafturing of foe other Parts of foe

laid Commons, Moors, or Waste Land.

