A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 45.

4 for the Continuance and respecting the Payment of the before-mentioned Bounty: And whereas by an

4 Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encou-

4 ragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty on Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, the

4 Bounty given and secured by the said two before-mentioned Acts was increased upon all Pilchards which

4 should be exported from the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to the

4 twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand -seven hundred and eighty-six, in Manner therein mentioned:

4 And whereas by another Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, €C for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon

4t Pilchards taken, cured, and exported,” the last recited Act was continued for five Years* from the twenty-

4 fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, with such Amendment 2s in the said Act

4. of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty is mentioned: And W'hercas the said last

f mentioned Act will expire on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

4 one, and the said Fishery is of great Importance to the Nation, by promoting useful Industry, providing

4 for great Numbers of poor People, and serving as a Nursery for able Seamen, and it is necessary, for the

4 Preservation of the said Fishery, that a Bounty should be continued to be allowed on the fame for a limited

4 Time, in such Manner as herein-after mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That for every Calk or Veilel of Pilchards, containing fifty Gallons, and so in propor-

tien for a less Quantity thereof, which shall be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into Parts

beyond the Seas, between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and

the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, upon which the Person or

Persons exporting the fame shall be intitled to the Bounty of seven Shillings by virtue of or under the said

two several Acts of the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the First, and the third Year of

the Reign of the late King George the Second, an additional Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence shall

be paid and payable to such Person and Persons lo intitled to the said Bounty of seven Shillings, at such

Times, in such Manner, by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies as the said Bounty of seven

Shillings is by the fame Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid.

allowed by tbc two

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the same Rules and Regulations shall be in force with rc-

spect to the Pilchards exported within the Time herein-before mentioned, in order to prevent the re-landing,

or re-importing thereof, and the Owners thereof shall be subject to the fame Penalties, in case of re-

landing, or any other fraudulent Proceedings, in order to obtain the said Bounties granted and payable by

this Act, as by the said Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the First, are

prescribed and inflicted with regard to Fish cured in, and exported horn, that Part of Great Britain called

England.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Fish intitled to the Bounty

granted by this Act, upon Exportation thereof, shall be loaden for Exportation, and duly entered and passed

by the proper Ofticer, and shall be loft or spoiled before the Ship’s proceeding on her Voyage, then the

"proper Officer of the Port or Ports where such Fish so loft or spoiled was or shall be entered, shall, upon

due Proof thereof made upon Oath, before any of the chief Officers of such Port, (who are hereby im-

powered to administer the fame,) by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Fish, or his or their Agent or

Agents, give a Debenture for the Bounty granted by this Act, as if such Fish had been actually exported

to Parts beyond the Seas; provided that the said Fish was funk in the Sea or Port where the said Ship

was lost or destroyed, in the Sight of the proper Officer, where any of the said Fish shall come ashore ;

2nd that no Use be made of the said Fish by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agents; and the

said Officer is hereby required to cause such Fish to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, any "Filing in this, or

any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be

sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they

shall or may plead the General issue, and give this A61 and the special Matters in Evidence, for his or their

Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff*or Plaintiffs

become nonsuit, or discontinue or forbear prosecuting such Action, then such Defendant or Defendants

shall have double Colts to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; for which Colts he or

they shall have the like Remedy as in other Cafes where Coils are by Law given to Defendants.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and

Jading of this Act shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons to whom the said additional

iounty of one Shilling and Sixpence shall be payable and paid, rateably and in proportion according to

the Sum or Sums of Money so by them respectively received, but not exceeding one Shilling and Six-

pence on each Cask or Veilel of Pilchards containing fifty Gallons; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom

to the contrary notwithstarfding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law

as a public Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others whom-

soever, without being specially pleaded.

U 2

CAP.

*47

2 5 CCO. J. C.

58 i

and 26 Ceo.

c, 45, recite*.

An additional

Bounty of j s,

6d. per Carte,

on Pilchards ef-

poried between

Jone 24, 1791,

and June 24,

1798, to be paid

to such Pei font

a? shall be in-

titled to the

Bounty of 7s.

first recited Acts.

Rules prescribed

by 5 Geo. 1. c«

18. to be ob-

served.

If Fish intitled

to the Bounlj be

loft or spoiled

before the Voy-

age, a Deben-

ture for the fame

to be givensupoa

certain Condi-

tiens.

General Ittue*

Double Costs.

How rheCharges

ot patting this

Act arc to be

poid.

Publick Afc

