A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 47^ 48.

,<c the said Annuity, without any Fees. Such Warrant not to be determinable on the Demise of his Ma-

4C jesty. Officers of the Treasury and Exchequer to do all necessary Acts without Fee. The Trustees to

convey with all convenient Speed the said Annuity to MefTrs. Penn, and in the mean Time to receive

“ the Annuity, and pay it to the proper Parties. The Receipt of the Trustees, t$c. to be a sufficient Dif-

44 charge for the Annuity, which is to be paid free of all Taxes, Annuity to be considered as real Pro-

i4 perty issuing out of Lands in Middlesex. Conveyance of the Annuity to be inrolled in Chancery, and

44 entered with the Auditor of the Exchequer. Public Act. Trustees to be answerable for their own AcU

only, and may reimburse themselves their necessary Expences.”

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to authorize his Governor or Lieutenant Governor of

such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons or other Offenders may be transported,

to remit the Sentences of such Offenders.

4 \X7^EREAS by several Orders made by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council,

in pursuance of Authority given to his Majesty in that Behalf, by an Add passed in the Twenty-

4 fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Attfor the effectual Tratfportation of Felons and other

4 Offenders; and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafes, and for other Purposes therein meq-

4 tioned\ his Majesty hath declared and appointed, by and with the Advice aforesaid, That the Eastern

Coast of New South Wales, and the Islands thereunto adjacent, should be the Place or Places beyond Sea

4 to which certain Felons, and other Offenders, should be conveyed and transported: And whereas several

4 Felons and other Offenders have, in pursuance of the said Act, been conveyed and transported to the

4 Eastern Coast of Netu South Wales, or the Islands thereunto adjacent, there to remain during the Terms

4 or Times for which they were so respedlively sentenced to be transported by the Courts in which they were

4 convicted: And whereas his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, may hereafter de-

4 clare and appoint the Place or Places aforesaid, or some other Place or Places beyond Sea, to be the Place

4 or Places to which other Felons and Offenders shall hereafter be conveyed and transported; and such

4 Felons and Offenders may be so transported accordingly: And whereas it would greatly advance the

4 Design of such Sentences, so carried into Execution as aforesaid, or which may hereafter be passed and

4 carried into Execution, that the Governor, or (in case of his Death or Absence) the Lieutenant Governor

4 for the Time being of such the Place or Places as aforesaid, should have Power and Authority to remit or

4 shorten the Time or Term for which such Felons and Offenders as aforesaid have been or shall hereafter

4 be transported, in Cafes where it shall appear that such Felons, or other Offenders, are proper Objects

4 of the Royal MercyBe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

at all Times, by his or their Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorise and impower

the Governor, or the Lieutenant Governor for the Time being, of such Place or Places as aforesaid, or of

any of them, by an Instrument in Writing, under the Seal of the Government in which the Place or Places

as aforesaid are or shall be situated, to remit, either absolutely or conditionally, the Whole or any Part of

the Time or Term for which any such Felons, or other Offenders aforesaid, shall have been or shall here-

after be respectively conveyed and transported to such Place or Places as aforesaid; and that such Instru-

ment or instruments shall have the like Force and Effetft, to all Intents and Purposes, as if his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, had in such Cafes respectively signified his or their Royal Intention of Mercy

under his or their Sign-Manual.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Governor or Lieutenant Governor as aforesaid shall, by the first

Opportunity, transtnit to one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, a Duplicate, under the Seal

of the Government, of each and every Instrument as aforesaid by which the Time or Term of Transpor-

tation of any such Felons, or other Offenders as aforesaid, hath been remitted or shortened; and that the

Names of such Felons, and other Offenders respectively, which shall be contained in such Duplicates as

aforesaid, shall be inserted in the next General Pardon which shall pass under the Grea* S*-il of Great

Britain, after the Receipt of such Duplicate or Duplicates by one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of

State.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given

against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and fabftitucing another Judgment in

lieu thereof.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given and

awarded against any Woman or Women in the Cafes of High Treason, or of Petit Treason,

should be no longer continued Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

embled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the fifth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and ninety, the Judgment to be given and awarded against any Woman or Women convicted of the

Crime of High Treason, or of the Crime of Petit Treason, or of abetting, procuring, or counselling any Petit

50 Geo. 111. I Treason,

57

Preamble.

24 Geo. IIL Cape

56.

His Majesty,

under the Great

S^l, may au ho-

rize the Gover-

nor, or Lieute-

nant Governor,

of New South

Wales, Sec. ‘to

remit the Senten-

ces of Offend-

er f.

Duplicates of

inflrumenti re-

mitting Senten-

ces, to be trans-

mitted to the

Secretary of

State, &c,

Preamble.

From June 5,

1790, Women

convitf cf

High Treason,

Sec. to be bilg-

.

