«5

A. Eh 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 25.

Promiflbry Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, liable to any of the Duties by this Act imposed upon any

Pieceof Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, without the fame being first: duly stamped or marked with a proper

Stamp or Markin the Manner herein prescribed, or upon which there shall not be some Stamp or Mark re-

fembling the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as

herein after is directed.

XI. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall have Power, by virtue of this Act, to make any Bills- No Perr°n

of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, Drafts, or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of "ue of .'his

Money,in any other Manner than they might have lawfully made the fame before the passing of this Act, and iL!«

as if this AQ. had not been passed. mi,h\ ha«iaW.'

fully been done before#

XIJ. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August From Aug. i,

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there {hall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout the *79 r>the fbl*

Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several new Rates I?*1."6 St“™P

and Duties following ; that is to say, £

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, For any Receipt

or Acquittance given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to forty Shillings, and not amounting for 40 ?. and

to twenty Pounds, (lull be ingrafted, written, or printed, there [hall be charged a Stamp Duty of two under20I.—2d.

Pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Dif- For*ol. and

charge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to twenty Pounds, and not under50l.—4d.

amounting to fifty Pounds, {hall be ingrofieu, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of

four Pence: ‘

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Pieceof Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, For 50 1. or

or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to fifty Pounds or upwards, shall be in- uPwaids* 6d.

grossed, written, or printed, there fin a 11 be charged a Stamp Duty of lix Pence.

Which last mentioned Rates and Duties shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons by whom or on whom the

whose Behalf such Receipts, Discharges,or Acquittances shall be required, except the Duties on such Receipts, Duties a™ pay-

Discharges, or Acquittances as shall.be at any Time or Times given upon the Payment of Money in respeit able,

of any Salary, Pension, Debt, or other Sum-payable from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in which Cafe

the Duty shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving such Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Exemptions

tained shall extend, or be conftmcd to extend, to any Receipt or other Discharge given for any Legacy, or from the Duty,

Share or Part of a Personal. Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Pro-

vince or Place, duly stamped according to the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or

to any Receipt to be given by the Tieafurcr of the Navy for any Money imprefted to, or received by him for

the Service of the Navy, or to the Receipt of any Agent for iMoney imprefted by or to him on Account of the

Pay of the Army or Ordnance, or to any Receipt to be given by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier, or their Re-

presentative respedtiv.eiy, for or on Account of any W ages, Pay, or Pension due to them from the Navy, Army, J

or Ordnance Offices respectively, nor to any Receipt to be given for the Consideration of the Purchase of any

Share in any Publick Stock or Fund, or in the Stocks of the Corporations of the Bank of England, East

India Company, or South Sea Company, or fi r the Dividends paid or payable on such Shares of the said

Stocks, nor to any Receipt given for Money deposited in the Banks of England or Scotland, or in the House

of any Banker or Bankers, nor to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance written on the Back of any Bill

of Exchange, Promiflbry Note, or other Note duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or on

the Back of any Foieign Bill of Exchange payable in Great Britain ; nor to any Release or Acqu.ttance

by Deed duly stamped according to the Directions of any Law now in force; any Tiling herein before con-

tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it furtherenadied by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Further Exeirp*

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, to be given upon tiens.

any Bill or Note of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to any Letter acknowledging the

safe Arrival of any Bills, Notes, or other Securities for Monty, or to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance

indorsed on or contained in the Body of any Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other Instrument acknowledging the

Payment or Repayment of any Part of any principal Sum, or any lntc-relt thereupon, lent, paid, or secured

in, by, or upon such Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other Instrument duly stamped according to the Directions

of former Acts ; nor to any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance given, or required to be; given, for any Money

payable by Law to any Merchants for Drawbacks or Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Mer-

chandizes from this Kingdom ; nor to any Certificates of Overentry ol any Duties of Customs; any 'Filing

in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.^

XV. And be it further en.idied by the Authority afore laid, Th it the full and just Sum of Money for which The Gill Sam

any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance {hall be given, and the true Date thereof, shall be bona fide respeclivtly t b <-xp flVd

inserted therein; and that all Notes, Memorandums, or Writings whatever, given to any Person or b'erfons in R^c rtv»

for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to forty Shillings or upwards, whereby any Sum ot Money a"vyr^*ein

shall be acknowledged to have been paid, settled, received, accounted for, discharged, releaied, or in any Man- thV £jmenU.Pof

ner satisfied, or winch shall in any Manner signify or denote such Acknowledgment as aforesaid, and whether Money, be

the fame shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Pufon or Persons by or on whole liable to Du.y.

Behalf the fame shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be Receipts within die true Intent

and Meaning of this A6l, and shall be liable to the respective Duties imposed thereon.

XVI. And

