8o

C. 21

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

A.D. 1791

Preamble#

From July 1,

1791, the fol-

lowing addition-

al Duties to be

paid, viz.

For every Cer-

tificate ifTjed to

kill Game to

any Per!»n not

being a Game-

keeper, 11. is#

And to any

Gamekeeper,

10s. 6 d.

Duties to be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

for Stamps,

Provisions of

25 Geo. 3. c. 50.

not repealed by

*6 Geo. 3. c. Sz.

and Provisions

of that Act, Sec,

to extend to

this.

Form of Con-

viction in Act

5t5 Geo.3,c 50#

to be repealed,

and the follow-

ing substituted*

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Certificates issued with respect

to the killing of Garre*

4 Aloft Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\7 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, being desirous of raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies towards defray-

4 ing your Majesty's public Sixpences, have freely and voluntarily refoived to give and grant unto your

Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beflecb your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great

Britain, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeft’ors, the several additional Rates and Duties

following; that is to say,

Lor every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to

any Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game,

(not acting as a Gamekeeper under cr by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered), shall

be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional btamp Duty of one Pound one

Shilling:

And for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certi-

ficate issued to any Person tinder any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, shall be engrossed,

written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of ten Shillings and six Pence.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual levying, collecting, and

paying the said Duties herein before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care and Management

of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to employ the necessary

Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such new Stamps to be provideato denote the said several

new and additional Duties respectively, as shall be requifitein that Behalf, or to cause, if they fee Occasion,one

new Stamp to be provided to denote the former Duties and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter

or renew the fame respectively from Time to Lime, and to do all other Things necessary to be done

for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said several Duties herein before granted, in the like,

and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any

former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses,

Penalties and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and Allowances for present Pay-

ment, and all other Matters and Things which in and by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign

of his present Majfy, intituled, An Act for granting to his A la] ify certain Duties on Certificates issued with

4 respect to the killing of Game] and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and which are not repealed or

altered by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; a . for

repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for inf tiring Property in any foreign Kingdom or State from Lfs by

Fire; or which, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his said Majesty, or by any other Act

or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are provided

and establfthed for raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securingthe Duties thereby granted, or refer-

red to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the addi-

tional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising,

levying, recovering, collecting, and securing, the said additional and new Rates and Duties, according to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had

severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Rates and

Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Form of Conviction set forth in the said

Act of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, to be u( by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any

Offender against the said Act shall be convicted, and the Clause containing the fame, shall be, and the fame are

hereby repealed; and that,from and after the said first Day of July, all Convidlions to be made out by any

Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon any Offence committed against the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year

aforesaid, or of this Act, shall be made out in the Form, or to the Effect following,1 mutatis mutandis, as the

Cafe shall happen to be; and every such Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever, without dating the Cafe or the Fadls, or Evidence, in any more particular Manner, (that

is to say):

0 BE

