A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 81.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Coipmissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said

Militia shall receive the same Pay as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and when assembled

for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, the Private Men shall receive^one Shilling per Day each Man ;

and it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company to put the Militia Men

of his Company under Stoppages not exceeding Six-pence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with

Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms

which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man's Neglebl: Provided always, that every

such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after

having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as afore-

said, shall pay the Sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the

fame belongs, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Pri-

vate Men serving in the said Militia shall, when embodied for Annual Exercise, or otherwise be in actual

Service within the City of London, be allowed, ip lieu of Quarters, at the Rate of one Shilling and Njne-

pence for Week each Man, to provide Lodgings, in Addition to their Pay.

XXIX. 4 And, for the better and more Ipecdy Execution of the Premises,* be it further enacted, That

the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby required to appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers,

CJerk or Clerks, for receiving and paying such Monies as shall be levied by virtue of this Ac!, and of all

which Receipts and Disbursements the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, are once in every

Year to give their Accounts in Writing, and upon Oath, to the said Commissioners, which Oath the said

Commissioners have Power hereby to administer.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man, Substitute, or Volunteer, being sworn in and

inrolled, and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer, raised by virtue of this Abt, shall be subjebl

to every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing contained in an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

his prefen t Alajefly, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Art of Parliament, the Laws relating

to the Militia in that Part of Gxz at Britain called England, as far as relates to the Penalties and Punishments

of Militia men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for not attending the Annual Exercise, for deserting

during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for enlisting into the Army, or offering so to

cnlifl, or enlisting into any other Militia, or for felling or pawning their Arms, Accoutrements, or Clothes,

or negkbling or refusing to return them in good Order; and shall be proceeded against in Manner directed

by the said Abl; and the said Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, shall be entitled to the fame Bounty

when ordered out into ablual Service beyond the Limits of the said City, or Liberties thereof, or when their

Service shall be prolonged, as is granted by the said Abl; and every Person having served in the said Militia

when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town

or Place in Great Britain, as directed by the said Abl.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this A cl, or any Thing herein contained, shall

notdiminifh or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to which the Mayor

and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said

City are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, AS of Parliament, Charter, or Usage; but the said Mayor and

Commonalty, and Citizens, and the Freemen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may

continue to enjoy all and singular the faiJ Rights, Liberties, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and

Exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes of ablual Invasion, or upon imminent* Danger there-

of, and in all Cafes of Rebellion or Insurrcblion, it shall be lawful for hrs Majesty (the Occasion being hrfl

communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by

Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and direbl the said Commissioners,

with

W

and

shall, from the Time cf their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall by his

Majesty’s Orders be disembodied, be fubjcbl and liable to all the Provisions contained in any Abt of

Parliament which shall be then in ffirce for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and fer the better Payment of

the Army and their Quarters; and such Abt shall be in force with respect to the said Militia, and shall

extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men in all Cafes

whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from the Date of his Majesty’s Warrant for drawing the said

Militia into ablual Service, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men of the fame

shall he entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men of his

Majesty’s other Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Pri-

vate Man of the said Militia shall be maimed or wounded in ablual Service, he shall be equally entitled to

the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to any of his

Majesty’s Forces.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, when the said Militia shall be drawn out and embodied as

aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to put one Regiment of the said Militia under the Command of

fvich General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direbl the said Regiment to be led by

its respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, for repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion,

7. and.

605

P-y of the Mi-

litia.

Men may he put

under"Stofpag«9*

AUoA’arce in

litu of Quarters.

Treasurers and

Clerics may be

appointed.

Militia Men

subject ta_a6

Geo. III. Cap.

K7. as far a* re«

lates to Penal-

ties, & c.

Married M-Iitia

Men may set up

in any Part of

Great Britain*

Act not to pre-

judice the Right®

of the City,

H‘s Majesty In

c.fe of Invafron,

may order*-

tue Militia to

be embodied,

ffom which

Time they shall

be liable to the-

Mutiny Laws,

When embodied

to be entitled to>

the fame Pay as

the o'her Force*,

and if maimed,

to Cuellca Hof-

pital.

His Majesty may

pm one Regi-

ment under the

Command of

Gener--} Offi*

ccr», Sec,

