A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Gerogii III. C. 68. 563

the fame to the proper Officers empowered to make Registry and grant a Certificate thereof, on the Owner

or Owners, or the major Part of the Owners, of such Ship or Vessel, if such Matter has not any Pro-

perty therein, or on the other Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the other Owners, of such Ship or

Vessel, if such Matter hath any Share or Property therein, requiring him so to do, it may and shall be law-

ful to and for the Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the Owners, of such Ship or Vessel, the Certifi-

cate of Registry of which shall be detained and refused to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make Complaint

on Oath against the Matter of the Ship or Vessel who shall so detain and refuse to deliver up the lame, of

such Detainer and Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Detainer and

Refusal {hall be in Great Britain, or to any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of

the Peace in the Islands of Jersey, Guernfy^ or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory to

his Majesty belonging in America or the IVsjl Indies, where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in any of the

Places last-mentioned, and on such Complaint the said Justice or other Magistrate {hall, and is hereby re-

quired, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such ATafter to be brought before him, to be examined

touching such Detainer and Refusal; and if it {hall appear to the said Justice or other Magistrate, on Ex-

amination of the Matter, or otherwise, that the said Certificate of Registry is not loft or mittaid, but is wil-

fully detained by the said Matter, such Master {hall be thereof convidied, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum

of one hundred Pounds, and on Failure of Payment thereof, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol,

there to remain, without Bail or Main prize, for such Time as the said Justice or other Alagistrate {hall in

his Discretion deem proper, not being less than six Months, nor more than twelve Months.

XIX. And. be it further enacted, That the said Justice or other Magistrate {hall, and he is. hereby re-

quired to certify the aforesaid Detainer, Refusal, and Conviction to the Person or Persons who granted such

Certificate of Registry for such Ship or Vessel, who {hall, on the Terms and Conditions of Law being

complied with, make Regjftry of such Ship or Vessel de novo, and grant a Certificate thereof conformably

to Law, notifying on the Back of such Certificate the Ground upon which the Ship or Vessel was so re-

gjiftered de novo.

XX. And whereas it is expedient that the Officers empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels,

c and to grant Certificates thereof, in case any such Ship or Vessel is required to be registered de novo,

4 should be authorized to require the Production of every Bill or other Instrument of Sale, by which the

4' Property in any Ship or Vessel is transferred\ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects shall

by Sale be transferred, in Whole or in Part, to any other or others of his ATajesty’s Subjects, and such

Ship or Vessel shall be required to be registered de novo, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every

the Officer and Officers empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates there-

of, to require, and he and they are hereby authorized and directed to require, the Bill or other Instrument

of Sale thereof to be produced to him or them 5 and in case such Bill or other Instrument of Sale shall be

so required to be produced, and the fame shall not be produced to such Officer or Officers, the said Officer

or Officers shall not make a Registry, nor grant a Certificate of Registry de novo, for any such Ship or

Vessel: Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Custoins

in England, or any four or rnoi e of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, or

any three or more of them respectively, if Application shall be made to the said Commissioners of the Cuf-

toms in England and Scotland respectively, and for the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in

Chief for the Time being, of the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or of any Colony, Plantation, Island, or

'T erritory to his Majesty belonging, if such Application shall be made to any of them respectively, upon due

Consideration of the particular C ire urn dances of the Cafe, to give Direction for registering such Ship or

Vessel de novo, and granting a Certificate of such Registry, notwithstanding such Bill or other Instrument of

Sale shall not have been produced as aforesaid, and such Registry shall be made, and such Certificate thereof

shall be granted accordingly: Provided always, That all the other Regulations required by the Laws in

fcice concerning the Registry de novo of Ships and Vessels be complied with.

XXL 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

King William the Third, intituled, An AM for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation

Trade, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that in case there be any Alteration of Property in the fame

Port, by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship, after registering thereof, such Sale shall always

be acknowledged by Indorsement on the Certificate of the Register before two Witnesses, in order to

prove that the entire Property in such Ship remains to some of the Subjects of England: And whereas it

is expedient to authorize and require the proper Officers empowered to register Ships and Vessels, and to

grant Certificates thereof, to issue Regitters de novo in any Cafe where Part of the Property of any Snip

or Vessel shall be so transferred, if the Owners or Proprietors of such Ship or Vessel, who were Owners

thereof at the Time such Ship or Vessel was last registered, or whose Property therein has not been so

transferred, {hall be desirous of having a Certificate of Registry de novo, instead of the Jndorfiment on the

old Register, as now requiredBe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there

shall be any Alteration of Property in the fame Port, by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship or

Veilel, after registering thereof, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ship or Vef-

fel, who were Owners or Proprietors thereof at the Time such Ship or Veilel was last registered, or whose

Property therein has not been lo transferred, {hall be desirous of having the Ship or Vessel registered de novo,

it {hall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officers empowered to register Ships and Vessels, and to

grant Certificates thereof, and such Officers are hereby authorized and required to register every such Ship

or Vessel de novo, provided all the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions of the before-recited Act, parted in

11 the

Mailers with-

hold Certificate!

of Registry.

Penalty for

withholding

Certificates.

Justices to cer-

tify Detainer of

Certificates, on

which Registry

may be made de

novo.

Where Property

is transferred, no

Vessel to be re-

giftered de novo

by the Register,

unless Instru-

ment of Sale be

produced \

but the Com*

m<ftioner« of (he

Custonv-, &c.

may give Dirtc-

tiens for the

Regifiry.

7 and 8 Gul. III.

Cap. az.

On Alteration

of Property in

Vessels in the

fane Port, they

may be registered

de novo.

