290

Preamble;

Order of his

Majesty in Coun

cil of Nov. 9,

1792, recited.

All fuitsfor ACis

done und*r the

recited Order

to be dischar&cd.

if plaintiffs in

Adlioos ptofe-

ctlied alter Frb.

6, 1793. become

rjonluir, &c. the

DHend-mt to

rc;over double

Cosse,

Defendants in

Anions already

commenced,

may apply to the

Court to flop

Proceedings, &c.

Until March 1,

J793,all Wheat,

Ac. exported out

cf Great Britain,

or {hipped with

that Intent, to

be forfeited, as

also the Vtlfcl,

Ac,

C. 3. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

CAP. in.

An Act for indemnifying act Persons who have been concerned in advising and carrying,

into Execution an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and

Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the fame, and for making fur-*

ther Provisions relative thereto; and also for authorizing his Majesty to prohibit the

Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes; and to permit the

Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties.

C \\7 ^ 12 RE AS his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the.ninth Day of November one

c VV thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, was pleased to order, that no Person or Persons whatever

4 should, from and after the Publication of that Order in the London Gazette, until the first Day of March

6 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or

4 cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great

4 Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Ship or Vessel or

4 Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Wheat or Wheat

4 Flour: And whereas the said Order cannot be justified by Law, but was so much for the Service of the

4 Public, and so necessary for the Safety and Preservation of his Majesty’s Subjects, that the fame ought to

4 be justified by an Act of Parliament, and all Persons iflui'ng, advising, or acting under or in obedience to

the said Order respectively indemnified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments,

Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or

commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, com-

manded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the fail Ord*r, or of any Contraft or

Agreement not performed by reason or by means of, or in obedience to such Order of Counci), be, are,

and shall be discharged and made void, by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be pro-

feedtedor commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing,

so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such Contract or Agreement not

performed, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi-

dence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced after.the sixth

Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

shall become nonluit, or forbear further Prosecution, or fuller Discontinuance; or if a Verdict pass against

such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, tie Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their double Custs, for which

he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cafes where the Colts by Law are given to the Defendant;

and if any such Action or Suit ihail be commenced or prosecuted after the said sixth. Day of February one

thousand teven hundred and ninety-three, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before

which such Action or Suit shall be commenced shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and

Indemnity hereby provided, and shall lurcher allow him his double Colts ol Suit in all such Cafes as afore-

said.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit -hath been already

commerced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or I hing so advised, commanded, ap-

pointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on account of any such Contraft or Agreement not per-

formed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in

whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to gpply to such Court

or Courts respectively today all Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such

Court or Couits are hereby required to.make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts

making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants or Defenders respectively double Costs of Suit,

for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cafes where the Costs are by Law given to

Defendants or Defenders.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever (h ill, until the first Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety- three, directly or indirectly export, transport, carry, or convey, or

cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place within

the Kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or caule or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any

Ship, Vciiel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of any Port or Place in

Great Britain, any VV heat or W heat Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, under the Penalties and h orfeitures herein-

after mentioned, that is to say, that all Wheat and Wheat f lour, Bread, or iJijcuit, which shall be foex-

ported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat,

in order to be exported, transported, 01 carried out of the Kingdom of Great Britain contrary to this Act,

shall be forfeited, and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings

for every Buftiel of Wheat or Wheat Flour, and twelve Pence for every Pound Weight of Bread or Bifcuu,

which shall be lb exported, transported, carried,1 or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any Ship, or

other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of or from the said King-

dom of Great Britain, and also the Ship, Veil'd, or Boat, in or on boa'id of which any such Wheat or

13 Wheat

