A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 43.

.Quantities of Brown and Muscovado Sugar, by him bought or fold, specifying the Name of the Ship in

which such Sugar was imported, and the Name of the Captain of such Ship, and also the Maiks and Pack-

ages, and the Sum Total of the Net Landing Weights of such Sugar, as far as the fame can be made out,

and the Price paid for each Quantity respectively, as herein-before required, he, they, or any of them, being

the actual Buyer or Seller of such Sugar, shall forfeit and pay for every Cask of Sugar, for which he or they

{hall so refuse or neglect to deliver in an Account, the Sum of forty Shillings, to any one who will prosecute

and fee for the fame, to be recovered beforqthe Lord Mayor, or any Aldermen of the said City, on the Oath

of any one or more credible Witnesses.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Brown or Muscovado Sugar

shall be exported on Drawback, or any Refined Sugar shall be exported on Bounty, from Great Britain for

Ireland, or any other Part of the British Dominions, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Exporter or

Exporters thereof shall become bound to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Bond, together with

the Mailer or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Sugars

respectively are intended to be ex;>orted, and also with one I'ufEcient Surety, to be approved by the Collec-

for and Comptroller of the Cuiloms at the Port of Exportation, in treble the Value thereof, with Condition

that the said Sugars respectively so exported shall be landed at the respeetive Ports or Places for which the

fame shall have been entered, and shall not be relanded in any Part of this Kingdom, nor be landed or fold in

the Isle of Mgti, or landed or fold in the Islands of Guernsey, ferfy, Alderney, or Sark, unless exported for the

said ((lands of Guernsey, jferfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man respectively, under the Provisions and Regulations

of this Act; and such Bond shall be discharged in the Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to (ay) For

such of the said Sugars respectively as shall be entered for or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, ox any Part

of Europe, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring a Certificate in Discharge thereof within fix

Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Sugars respectively as shall be entered for or

landed in any Part of Africa and on this Side the Cape of Good Hope, or in any Part of America, within eigh-

teen Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Sugars respectively as shall be entered for

or landed at Saint Helena, or in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within thirty

Months after the Date of the Bond: Which said Certificate, for llich of the said Sugars re(be£tively as

shall be landed in any Port or Place of Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, Plantations,

or Settlements, where any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper

Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs there, certifying that such Sugars respeitively were there

landed; and for Want of such Officer residing there, it shall then be signed by the Governor of such

Islands, Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements, or, in his Absence, by the Deputy Governor thereof re-

spectively; and in the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sark, and Alan, it shall in all Cafes be signed by

the Governor or Dqiuty Governor thereof, as well as by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s

Customs; and such Bond may also be discharged, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of the Corn missioners

of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, that such Sugars respectively were

taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted bjr the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback or Bounty

shall be paid or allowed for or upon any of the said Sugars respectively exported, according to the Provisions

of this A<£t, from this Kingdom to Ireland, or to the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and

Man respectively, nor any Debenture made out for such Drawback or Bounty until a Certificate shall be

produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of the Customs, or any

two of them, belonging to such Port in Ireland, or from the Register of Certificates, or other Chief Officer

of the Customs, in the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man respectively, where the said

Sugar shall have been landed, certifying that the feme has been landed there, any Law, Custom, or Usage tc^

the contrary notwithstanding.

X. € And whereas by an A&, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

4 An All for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Groivtb, Produce, or Manufacture of any if his Ma-

Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies dircClly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain,

and navigated according to Laiv; it is among other Things enadtec). That it shall be lawful for any of his

Majesty’s Subje£ls, in any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and be-

4 longing to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, whereof the major Part shall be residing in Great Britain, or in

4 feme of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, that shall clear Outwards in any Port of Great Britain, for

‘any of the said Colonies, to ship or load, in the said Colonies, or any of them, any Sugars of the Growth

and Produce of the said Colonies, or any of them, and to carry the feme from thence to any Foreign Part of

1 Europe, provided a Licence be first taken out for that Purpose, under the Hands of the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs at London or Edinburgh, or any three or more of them respectively, subject to the Re-

1 gulations, and on the Conditions therein-after mentioned: And whereas, by another A6h passed in the fif-

teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to revive everal Acts for the PuniJI)-

4 ment of Persons dejiroying Turnpikes or Locks, ot other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other

1 Purposes therein-mentioned; and to continue everal Acts relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Cuiloms, to the clan-

4 del line running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty given by

the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for carrying Sugar of the Gro ivtb of the Bri tifli

4 Sugar Colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of his Majestys Subjetls residing in Great Britain, and na-

4 vigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Star or Bent; it is, amongst

4 other Things, enacted, That it (nail and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects, in any Ship or Veliel

4 built in Great Britain, or belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjedis residing in Great Britain, and navi-

4 gated according to Law, to ship or load, in any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, any Sugars of

It Geo. IIL H h 4 the

231

in Account! a»

nquired by ih*

AtX, upon Oath.

Exporter* and

Mailers 10 enter

into Bond for

the due Export

tation of Sugar.

How such Bonds

shall be dif-

charged.

Ho Drawback er

Bounty to be al-

lowed on Sugar

exported to Ire-

land, or Guern-

fey, &c. until a

Certificate be

produced of its

being landed.

!2^eo. 2. c.

and

15 Geo. a.c. 33.

recited.

