A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 27, 28. 311

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to repeal, vary* or alter this Act, or

any Clause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

Act may be re-

pealed cr alrered

in the present

Session.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the

Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British

Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes.—[30th April 1793.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 '\IJ7’HEREAS the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled* being desirous to raise

4 ▼ V the necessary Supplies which they have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Par-

4 liament, have resolved, That the Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by An-

4 nuities in the Manner herein-after mentioned: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted, Seed

44 Contributors for every 72/. to be entitled to the Principal Sum of 100/. 3 per Cents, from Jan. 5,

44 1793. Contributors who have made Depolits may complete their Subscriptions at appointed Times.

44 Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions before Dec.

44 12, 1793, to be allowed Discount. Contributors for every 72/. to be entitled to an Annuity of 3/.

44 from Jan. 5, 1793, payable half-yearly. Contributors intitled to receive Annuities, at certain Times,

u as they complete their Subscriptions. Annuities payable out of the Consolidated Fund. Annuities pay-

44 able and transferable at the Bank. Caftiers of the Bank to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may

44 be aligned before Dec. 16, 1793. Accountant General of the Bank to enter in a Book the Names of

44 Contributors, which may be inspected &c. Contributors not completing their Subscriptions to

44 forfeit their Deposits. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, the Principal Sums to be carried to the

44 Credit of the Contributors in the Bank, which may be transferred. Annuities to be deemed Personal

44 Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant General for entering Transfers. Annuities may be de-

44 vised by Will, &c. Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties. Contributors duly paying their Subfcrjptions

44 to receive their Annuities out of the Money hereby granted, which shall not be liable to Taxes. Bank

44 to appoint Caftiiers, to whom the Treasury shall order the Money to be issued for Payment of Annui-

44 ties, Cashiers to give Security, and to account for Monies received. Annuities to be added to

44 the Joint Stock of 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities. Monies paid into the Exchequer may be ap-

44 plied to Services voted by the Commons. Out of the Money subscribed, the Treasury may discharge

44 incidental Expences, &c. Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities granted by this Act be re-

44 deemed. Penalty on Persons taking Fees for receiving Subscriptions or paying Annuities, &c.”

XXIV. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed ’in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 31 Geo. III.

4 (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon I Forts, TVaJh, and other Liquorx, Cap. 1. recked*

4 brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Confwnption ; upon Spirits made in Scotland

4 and imported into England ; and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain ; and to continue certain

4 Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and

4 Spirits, and upon Worts, Waft, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for

4 granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the FZxportation of British-

4 made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited Time,

4 an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue for a limited Time,

4 the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and

4 securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and

4 vending British Spirits); it was amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of

4 "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be raised, levied, collected and paid, to

4 and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Kinds of Worts,

4 Waft, or other Licjuor therein-after mentioned, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called

4 England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for and in respect of Spirits made or manufac-

4 tured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy and imported or brought into that Part of Great Bri-

4 tain called England, over and above all Duties then imposed, for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts

4 of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein mentioned and expressed, (except as in the said recited

4 Act is particularly excepted); and it was by the said Act further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to

4 arise by the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exche-

4 quer, after the fifth Day of April one thousand fever, hundred and ninety-two, ftould, together with such

4 other Rates and Duties, as ftould be (and which were) granted by certain Acts of the then Session of

4 Parliament, for that Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of the principal Sum of eight hun-

4 dred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand Pounds to

4 be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of any Act of the fame Session of Parliament, and

4 which were raised by Exchequer Bills in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’s

4 Reign, (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for defraying the 3*Gco#

4 pub lick Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of his Majesty* s Forces, in the Year one thousand seven hundred CaP* *9»

4 and ninety J together with such Interest as ftould by the said Act be directed to be paid or made payable for

4 the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; and that upon Payment of the said principal Sum

4 of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and all Interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said Receipt

33 Geo. III. Sf ‘of

