A.D. 1793. ving Annoying triceflmo tertio Georgii III. C. 4.

liver uptofuch Mayor,Magistrate, or Justice,all Weapons, Arms,Gunpowderf or Ammunition,which may

be in his or her Possession, or in the Poiression of others for or at his ocher Use or Disposal (except by virtue

of such Licence as aforesaid); and in case of Re/ufal it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice,

to take into his or their Custody, any such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, and the fame

shall be and remain at the King’s Disposal; and that any such Alien refusing to deliver up such Weapons,

Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, or concealing the fame after such Requisition so made as aforesaid,

shall, on Conviction in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer,

Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Judiciary Court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out of this Realm,

within a Time to be limited in such Judgement; and if he or (lie shall be found therein, after such Time in

such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for

Life.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or for any two Justices of the Peace, or any Mayor or

Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to cause any House,

rented or occupied by any Aliens as aforesaid, except Alien Merchants, and except Aliens who have been

resident in this Kingdom continually for the Space of two Years previous to the first Day of 'January one

thousand seven hundred and ninety; and also any House in which any such Alien (except as herein excepted)

shall be a Lodger or Inmate, such Inmate not being a domediclc Servant of any of his Majesty’s natural-

born Subjects, or Persons who shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Ad of

Parliament, resident in such House, to be searched in the Day Time, and in the Presence of a Peace Officer,

in order to discover whether any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition be therein, and to cause

to be seized all such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition as shall therein be found belonging

to such Alien, or being for or at his Use or Disposal, except such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Am-

munition, whereof he maybe in Possession by virtue of such Licence as is herein-before mentioned; and such

Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition so seized, shall be at the King’s Disposal.

XXVIII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such

Secretary of State, or such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to require any Housekeeper, in

whose Dwelling-House any Alien shall be a Lodger or Inmate, by Notice in Writing under their Hands

and Seals respectively, to be left at such Dwelling House, an Account in Writing, to be subscribed with the

Name of such Housekeeper, cf all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition which shall be in such

Dwelling House for or at the Use or Disposal of such Alien, within a Time to be limited in such Notice, or

a Certificate, subscribed in like Manner, that none of the Articles aforesaid are therein to be found, as the

Cafe may be; and that every such Housekeeper neglecting or refusing to return such Account as aforesaid,

or who shall knowingly either return a false Account of the Particulars aforesaid, or falsely certify that none

of the Particulars aforesaid are therein, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if he or

she shall neglect or refuse to make such Certificate as aforesaid, although none of the Particulars aforesaid be

therein, he or she shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; such Penalties to be respectively recovered

before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or

Witnesses; one Moiety whereof respectively shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to

the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Dwelling House shall be situate.

XXIX. And be *it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, whenever he or they shall deem it necessary for the Public Safety, to

send out of this Realm any Alien as aforesaid, who shall have been committed to any Gaol by Warrant

under the Hands and Seals of any of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or Justice of the Peace,

Mayor or Chief Magistrate respectively, in Manner herein mentioned, or who shall be imprisoned in Ex-

ecutionx>f any Sentence passed upon such Alien for any Offence against this Act, or who shall have been

admitted to Bail.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Alien sent out of this Realm by

Command of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall return, and be found at large within this Realm,

every such Alien shall, on Conviction thereof in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or in any Court of

Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or in the Judiciary Court of Scotland, be adjudged

to be transported for Life.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes concerning the Ex-

ecution of this Act, when any Question shall arifc whether any Person is or is not an Alien born, not having

obtained Letters Patent of Denization, nor having been naturalized by Act of Parliament; or whether such

Alien i$ or is not an Alien Merchant; or whether such Alien did or did not arrive in this Kingdom, on or

, before the fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two ; or did or did not reside therein

for two Years continually previous to the fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety; or

is or is not such a domestick Servant as aforesaid ; the Proof of being a natural-born Subject of his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, or of being a Denizen by Letters Patent, or of Naturalization by Act of Parliament,

or of being an Alien Merchant, or of havingarrived within this Kingdom on or before the fird Day of January

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or of having continually been resident for two Years previous

to the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, or of being such a domestick Servant

as aforesaid, shall lie upon the Person touching whom such Question shall so arise.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Autiiority aforesaid, That no Person {hall be deemed an Alien

Merchant within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, except such Person as shall be bona /r/r engaged

in carrying on Trade or Commerce, by exporting or importing Merchandize from or into tins Kingdom,

seeking his or her Living thereby ; or such Person as having been born fide engaged in Trade or Commerce

0.1“ iii

297

Penalty for

Refulal.

Secretary of

Stale, &c. may

grant Warrant!

for fearebingthe

Housesof Aliere*

&c.forWeapons,

and may require

from House-

kerpera where

Aliens shall

lodge, an

Account of

W eaponr, &c.

therein, 6cc.

Penally fcf

Neglect, or for

returning a fAfe

Account, &c.

How Penalties

are to be re-

covered and

applied.

His Majesty

may send out of

the Realm any

Aliencommitted

to Gaol, &c. 5

andifhebe found

therein he shall

be adjudged to

be transported

for Life.

In all Questions

respecting

Offences against1

thisAtf, the

Proof to lie on

the Party atcu-

fed.

Who shall be

deemed Alien

Merchants.

