490 ' C. 12—14. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794,

CAP. XII.

An Act to Indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who hare omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

tiens within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Pur poles; and to indemnify.

Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been

omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loft or miftaid, and for al-

lowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors;

and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit De-

scriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for al-

lowing further Time for that Purpose.-—[ ift March 1794. j

CAP. XIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,;

[ lit March 1794*1

CAP. XIV.

After Feb. 5,

1794, within the

Bills of Morta-

lity, and Feb. 10,

in any other Part

of England and

Wales, the fol-

lowing a 'dition-

al Stamp Duties

to be paid:

For every Con-

tra* to serve as

a Clerk in order

to Admission ss

a Solicitor or At-

torney in any

Court at Weft-

mmfter, loci,

and in order to

Admission into

any Court of

Great Sessions in

Wales, Chester,

Lrocaster, or Du

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to^

Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

.[28th March 1794.J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\7your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjeils, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 W assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, and

€ make such permanent Addition to the publick Revenue as {ball be adequate to the increased Charge occa-

4 fioned by any Loan to be raised or Stock to be created by virtue of any Ail or Acts for that Purpose to be

4 passed in this Session of Parliament; have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Ma-

c jesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties hereinafter respeilively mentioned and do therefore

most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enailed; and be it enailed by the King’s most ExcellenC

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, within the Bills of Mortality, from

and after the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and in every other Part of

England and in Wales, from and after the tenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four,

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

for and in respect of every Contrail in Writing made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respeilively, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a

Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the Courts of Law or Equity herein-

after mentioned, in pursuance of the Laws now in force for the better Regulation of Solicitors and At-

tornies, the new and additional Rates and Duties following, over and above all other Rates or Duties pay-

able by Law upon or in respeil of the fame; that is to say. For and upon every Piece of Vellum or Paren-

ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which {hall be ingrosscd, printed, or written any such Contrail

made, whereby any Person is or shall become bound to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid, in order to his Admission

as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of his Majesty’s Courts at IVeJhntnJlery there shall be charged a Stamp

Duty of one hundred Pounds; and for and upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Puce

of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossied, printed, or written any such Contract made, whereby any Person

is or {nail become bound to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney

in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Dur-

ham, or in any Court of Record in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage {hall amount to forty

Shillings, and not in any of the said Courts at Westminster, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of fifty

Pounds.

ham, or in any Court in England holding Pleas, where the Debt shall amount to forty Shillirgr, or 50I.

No Arch Clerk

ihallbe admitted

no left the In-

denture beinrol-

led with an Affi-

davit, within fix

Months, See.

Every such Clerk

previous to bit

II. And be it further enailed, That no Person who by any such Contrail as aforesaid, made after the said

fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respeilively, as hereinbefore

mentioned* is orshall be bound to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid? {hall be admitted to be a Solicitor or Attorney

in any of the said Courts, unless the Indenture or other Writing containing such Contrail, duly stamped

according to the Direilions of this Act, {hall be inrolled or registered with the proper Officer, to be ap-

pointed for that Purpose in the Court wherein such Person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a Solicitor

or Attorney by virtue of his Service under such Contrail, together with an Affidavit of the Time of the

Exception of such Contrail by such Clerk; and in case such Indenture or other Writing shall not be inrolled

or registered in such Court within six Months next after the Execution thereof, together with such Affidavit

of the Time of the Execution of such Contrail, then and in such Cafe the Service of such Clerk, under

such Indenture or Writing, shall be deemed to commence from the Time of such Inrolment or Registry

only, and not from the Execution of such Indenture or Writing j any Usage or Custom to the contrary

notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to be admitted a SoITcitoror

Attorney in any of the said Courts by virtue of any such Contrail as aforesaid, made after the said fifth and

tenth

