A.D. 1791* ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30.

&ch Officer is hereby authorised to require that a certain reasonable Portion of every Sack, not exceeding

one Peck out of each Sack, shall be passed through a Sieve or Cloth, commonly called A Fourteen Shilling

Cktb, wA if such ground Wheat shall not pass through such Sieve or Cloth, the lame shall not be considered

as Wheat-flour.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted. That every Inspeflor of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby

required to make a Comparison between the fFinchester iVlealure and the Mealure commonly used in the

City or Town for which he is appointed Infpcdior; and within one Month after his Appointment to cause

a Statement in Writing of such Comparison to be hung up in Tome conspicuous Place in the Market and

Town-hall of such City or Town, and from Time to Time renew the fame if it shall become defaced or

illegible, and shall return a Copy of the lame to the Receiver of Corn Returns.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this ASt contained shall extend to alter the

present Practice of measuring Com, or any of the Articles aforesaiJ, to be shipped from, or to be landed

in the Port of London, but that the lame shall be mcahned by the sworn Meters appointed for that Purpose,

by whose Certificate the Searchers or other proper Officers of his Majesty’s Customs are hereby impowered

and required to certify the Quantity of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, lb shipped or landed ; and

that nothing in this Act contained dull extend to leilen or take away the Tolls or Duties due and payable

to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to die Mayor of the Paid City for

the Time being.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Act of Parliament in force on

and immediately before the passing of this Act, by whici any Conditions, Rules, Regulations, or Restrictions

were made, established, or directed for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Im-

portation into, or Exportation from. Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coaltwife, or from Port

to Port, within the same Kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any Goods, Wares or Mer-

chandizes whatever, except where any Alteration is exprefdy made by this Act, shall, and they are hereby

declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and dull be applied to the Subject of this Act, and

for carrying the fame into Execution, as lully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re* enacted in

this present Act.

LxXXVI. And be it further enacted. That no Fee shall be taken by the Clerk of any Justice of Peace,

or other Person before whom any Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration, shall be taken or made by the Direc-

tiens of this Act, on account of such Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration.

LXXXVIJL And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures created, and Penalties inflicted, by this

Act for Offences committed in England and Scotland respectively, shall and maybe sued for, prosecuted, and

recovered, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wtjlminjhr, or in the Court of Exchequer at

Edinburgh respectively, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as Penalties inflicted,

or Forfeitures created, in England and Scotland respectively, for any Offences against the Laws of Customs,

may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and the Produce disposed of in the like Manner, and

applied to the like Uses and Purposes, unless otherwise Specially provided for by this Act: Provided always.

That any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act on any Corn Factor, or on any Dealer in Corn, Malt,

Meal or Flour, for Sale as aforesaid, or on any inspector of Corn Returns, may be sued for and recovered

before any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town where such Com

Fa<stor, or Dealer in Corn, Malt, Meal, or Flour, for Sale, or InspeCtor of Corn Returns shall reiide; and

such two Justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, if, upon due Proof and Examination

of the Matter, it shall appear to them that such Corn EaCtor, or Dealer in Com, Malt, Meal, or Flour,

for Sale, or Inspector of Corn Returns, is guilty of the Offence against this A& then alledged against

him, to convict him thereof, and, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy such Penalty by

Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, and such Penalty shall be applied in Manner herein-before

mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided, 2nd it is hereby declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill,

Plaint, or Information, shall be brought or sued forth in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJi-

minfler9 for any Offence against this Statute, in Cafes where such Offences are by this Act cognizable by

Justices of the Peace, relating to the fame Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the fame, but that

the Determination of the Justices of the Peace in the County where such Offence or Offences shall be com-

mitted, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever j any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifanyAflion or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done by virtue

or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the

Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such

Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Ilfuc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence

at any Trial to be had thereupon : And if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants,

or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Aiftions, or be nonsuited, or

Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such De-

fendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff' or

Plaintiffs.

XC. And be it further enacted. That as soon as the Inspefiors of Corn Returns, directed by this A£i to

be appointed, shall be fg appointed in each of the Counties, Ridings, and Diviftons, and in each of the

Cities

119

Direction! for

determining

Doubts respect-

ing ground

Wheat, &c,

Jnfpef’or of

Corn Return* to

make a Compa-

nion bet* e?n

the Wincheftrr

Measure, and

that used where

he is ]nrpe£tor,

fee.

The pres. nt

P‘adtiCeot mea-

fu'ing Corn

within London

to com ue, 2n \

the Tolls to be

paid.

All Aflsin force

for securing the

Revenue, Lc. te

extend to this

Act.

No Fee to be

taken for Oat ha.

How Penalties

are to be reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

Determination

of Justicet to He

final in all Cafe*

cognizable by

them.

General I flue.

Treble Cortf.

As soon at In*

fpr&ors are ap«

pointed in £ng*

