A.D. 1794.. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 68. 561

under the Dominion of his most Christian Majesty, shall be entitled to be employed in Manner before-men-

tioned as a Brit Jh Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, unless all the Conditions required by an A&, passed in the

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under his Majesty's Pro-

testion, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Rejl rift ions \ for allowing Aliens in Foreign

Colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or raftors ; and for repeali}jg an

At7, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for granting a Liberty to

44 carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America,

“from the said Colonies directly to Foreigti Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to

44 Law and also so much of an Act, pqjfed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as amends

the said At7; shall have been complied with so long as the said Act shall continue in force.

IX. Provided always, and be itenaded, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or

restrain the Effect of any such Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors are empowered to make

by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better

Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty s Ships of JVar, and on board Merchant Ships, and other

trading Ships and Privateers.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize

whatever shall be imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, contrary to the Provisions of this

Ad, or any of them, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and also the Ship or Vessel in which the

fame shall be so imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, with all her Guns, Furniture, Am-

munition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited : and also if any Ship or Vessel shall fail in Ballast, or shall

fail to be employed in fishing on the Coast in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, or being required to be

manned and navigated with a Master and a certain Proportion of British Mariners in Manner hereinbefore

directed, shall not be manned and navigated according to the Provisions of this Act, such Ship or Vessel,

with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and all the Goods, Wares, and Mer-

chandize onboard the fame, shall be forfeited.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, may and shall be seized by the Commander or

Commanders of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer,

specially appointed by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs; and that every

Forfeiture incurred by this Act, and whereof the Recovery is not specially provided for by this Act, may

and shall respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways,

Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like

Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting

the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either

in this Kingdom, or in the Islands of Jersey, Guerrfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or in any of his Majesty’s

other Dominions in or out of Europe respectively, as the Cafe may happen to be.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any British Ship

or Vessel shall be found at Sea, having on board a greater Number of Foreign Mariners than is allowed by

this Act, or any Law now in force, or hereafter to be made, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall produce

a Certificate of the actual Necessity of engaging such Foreign Mariners in some Foreign Port, by Occasion

of the Sickness, Death, or Desertion of the like Number oi British Mariners, or of the fame having been taken

Prisoners during his Voyage, and that British Mariners could not be engaged at such Foreign Port to supply

their Room, and that, for the safe Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, it became necessary to engage and

employ such Foreign Mariners, under the Hand of his Majesty’s Consul at the Foreign Port where the said

Foreign Mariners were so engaged, or if there is not any such Consul there, under the Hands of two known

British Merchants at such Foreign Port, it shall not be lawful for any of the Persons authorized by this Act

to make Seizures of Ships or Vessels navigated contrary to the Directions of this Act, to stop or detain any

such Ship or Vessel so found at Sea, or to hinder her from proceeding on her Voyage ; but such Persons shall

and are hereby required to indorse the Certificate so produced, tefttfying the Production thereof, and when

and where met with at Sea, and that the Number of Foreign Mariners correspond with the Certificate of

such British Consul, or such known British Merchants, for the Confederation and Investigation of the Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, 7'hat for the Purposes of this Act, the Conclusion of the present War

shall be holden to be from the Time that the fame (Hall be notified by Proclamation or Order of his Majesty,

in Council, to be published in The London Gazette.

XIV. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

4 Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, it is, amongst other 'Things,

4 enacted, that when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty’s

4 Subjects shall be transferred to any other or others of his Majesty’s Subjects, in Whole or in Part, the

4 Certificate of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel shall be truly and accurately recited in Words at

4 Length, in the Bill or other Instrument of Sale thereof, and that otherwise such Bill of Sale shall be uc-

4 terly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, by the said

^ Provision, every Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel is required to be made by some Bill, or other

4 Instrument in Writing, and whether Contracts or Agreements for the Transfer of such Property may

4 not be made without any Instrument in Writing ■/ be it enacted, 7'hat no Transfer, Contract or Agree-

ment for Transfer, of Pioperty in any Ship or Vessel, made, or intended to be made, after the flirt

4C z Day

nion of the

French King to

be employed as a

Seaman, unlef*

the Conditions

of 34 Geo. Ill*

C ap 4». h?

complied with.

Act not to affect,

any Proclama-

tien under 13

Geo, II. Cap. 3.

Goods imported,

Sec. contrary to

this Act to be

forfeited with

the Vessels, &c,

By whom

Goods, &c. for*

feired may be

ferz’d, ard how

F'Kleitures may

be surd for and

how app ieJ.

On Pmduftion

of Certificates

of the Nereflrjr

of engaging Fo-

r ign Mariner*,

no Vrflel to be

detained, but

the Persons

authorized to

make Seizures

to indorse the

Cerificare for

the Considera-

tien of the Com-

missioners of

Customs.

Notification in

the Gazette to

be deemed the

Conclufian of

the War.

*6 Geo. III.

Cap 60, recited,

and

af er Jan, I,

1795, noTranf.

fer of Property

