326

C. 34-*

ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

Prteri, on Con-

dur.nat tin, msy

be lanlfri in any

Port of G:eat

Britain, and ff-

cured under the

King’s Lorks in

W^reho'ilVs pro-

vided al the iix-

ptince of the

Captor*, with

l?c Approbation

r*t the C’ommif-

sioners tf the

Culloms und

Excite.

Ruties to lie pard

on Admiliion of

Prize Goods in-

to Warthi-uses.

No Duties to be

paid for the Ar-

ticles herein

enumerated.

PrizeWhea*,&:c.

to be subject to

the Rules, &c.

of 31 Geo, III.

Cap# 30,

China or East

India Prize

Goods to be

publickly fold,

under such Rules

as are u fed at

Sales of the East

India Company,

Ac.

Prize Tobacco

and Snuff

brought into

any Port not

enumerated in

29 Geo. 111.

Cap. 68.

or 31 Geo. III.

Cap. 47, to be

removed to a

Port enume-

rated*

A.D. 1793.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing

certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom. — [10th 1793.]

c \\7 H E RE AS it is expedient to make Provision respecting Vessels and Goods taken and condemned

c * as Prize, during the present Hostilities with France\ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize, which have been taken since the Commencement, or may be taken during the Continu-

alice of the present Hostilities with France, and which have been or may be brought into Great Britain by

any of his ivlujesty’s Ships of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral

of Great Britain for the Time being, shall and may, upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, be landed

in any Port within this Kingdom, and secured under the King’s Locks in Warehouses provided at the foie

Lx pence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the C3re and Inspection respe£fivefy

of the Commissioners or other Principal Officers for collecting and managing the respective Duties of Customs

and Kxcise ; and upon Admission of any such Goods into such Warehouses, there shall be paid by the Captors,

or their Agents, the following Duties; that is to say,

For every Ton of Wine or Vinegar, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of three

Pounds, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a private Vefiel; for every "Lon of Brandy, containing two hun-

dred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of two Pounds five Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum

of fifteen Shillings, if taken by a private Vessel ; for every Hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

the Sum of six Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of two Shillings, if taken by a private

Vessel; for every HundredWeight of Coffee, the Sum often Shillings and Sixpence, if taken by a Ship of

War, and the Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence, if taken by a private Vessel; for every Hundred Weight

of Cocoa, the Sum of three Shillings and nine Pence, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of one Shil-

ling and three Pence, if taken by a private Vessel; and upon all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not

particularly excepted or otherwise charged with Duty by this Act, for every hundred Pounds of the Value,

the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, and the Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings,

if taken by a private Vessel.

II. Provided always, that no Duties whatever shall be demanded or taken for any Prize Goods, con-

fiftiivg of Military or Ships Stores ; videlicet, Sails, Cordage, Anchors, and Cables, Mails, Yards, Bowsprits,

Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Match, Gun Carriages, Cartridges, and other Materials thereto be-

longing, and all Timber and Iron converted into and made fit for Ship-building, or for any of the Ulcs and

Purposes aforesaid; Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, Biscuit, Small Beer, Pease, and Oatmeal; Sailors Cloaths,

Hammocks, Bedding, and Apparatus and Instruments belonging to Surgeons, or for any Goods which,

by any Law in force on and immediately before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three, may be imported into this Kingdom duty-free.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye,

Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn and Maize, taken and condemned as

Prize, shall, on the fame being brought into any Port of this Kingdom, be warehoused and subject to such

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided and enabled in an ACt,

passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An A<:1 for regulating the Im-

portation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on'foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on

British Corn exported,) as fully and cfFeftually to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Clauses, Powers, Di-

rections, and Authorities in the said recited Act were particularly repeated and enaCted in the Body of this

present ACT

IV. And be it further cnn&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods of the Growth, Production, or

Manufacture of China, or the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize, shall be publickly exposed to Sale

in the City of London by the Captors or their Agents, Notice of such Sale being first given to the proper Of-

ficers of the Customs or Kxcise respectively concerned therein; and such Goods shall be fold on such Con-

ditions, and under such Rules, Regulations, and RdtriCtions, as are used and practised at the Sales of the

East India Company, and the Goods shall be subject to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks as the

like Goods are subject and entitled to when imported by the Ea/l India Company, and the full Duties due

and payable on such Goods shall be paid in all Cafes by the Captors or their Agents.

V. And be. it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Tobacco and Snuff of all Sorts taken, as

Prize, and brought into any Port of Great Britain, not being a Port enumerated in an Act, passed in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco

and Snuff, and for granting nrw Duties in lieu thereof) ; and in another A Cl, passed in the thirty- first Year

of the keign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco

from mooring and dischargi?/g their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, ?nade in the twenty-ninth Tear of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for

‘ granting new Duties in Lieu thereofto'prohibit the Exportation of damaged or mean Tobacco ; and for per-

mitting

