4io

L«ren*es only on

-Ac- ount of ;i-

ernfrci Lottery

ffi; cs, and only

one f< r v a h.

1’enalty on unli*

censed Per fen I

taking down or

I id .lifting the

Nambers of

*■ ukew drawn,

See,

On Complaint,

the Magistrates

of London m y

grant Warrants

for -app chid-

ing Offenders.

Perions in the

• tlual Com mi f-

*n i f such (jf-

f erne may be

apprehended by

ar y Person, and

Caired btfnre a

Jviagistrate, who

may commit the

Offender it Pe-

nalty be not

paid.

Application of

Penalties.

PenaPy on

Persons sum-

moned as Wit-

nefTrs not ap-

pealing, &c.

Con\i&:on to

be made oat in

the following

Form.

. Penalty may be

imiigatetL

Convict’ons not

removeable.

Commissioners

shall not be re-

quired to grant a

Licence for deal-

ing in Lottery

C. 62. Anno tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 1^93.

Account of such Offices 1 respectively, as the said Commi/fioners shall approve, and to none other, and that

one Person only shall be licensed in respect of each Lottery Office ; and if any Person present at the Drawing

of the said lottery, (not being duly authorized or licensed in Manner aforesaid,) shall, at such Time ancT

Place, take or set down in Wiiting the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when, or. after the

fame shall be drawn, or any Figures or Marks to denote the fame, or shall make or begin to make any

Register or Lilt in Writing of the Numbers of'-any Tickets, which shall have been drawn on the Day

of making or beginning to make, or of carrying on such Register or Lift, or shall, have in his^C.ustody

or Possession at such 'Lime and Place as aforesaid, any printed or .written Register or Lift of the Num-

bers of the Tickets in the said Lottery or of any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any"

Marks, Letters, Figures, or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or Time of draw-

ing any such Tickets drawn on ’ the same Day, or the Benefits'to which any such Ticke^may be

intitled by virtue of this A& 5 or if any Person or Persons whatever shall publish, or cause to be pub-

lished, during the Hours of drawing the said Lottery, any List, Register, or Slip, containing the Num-

ber or Numbers of any Ticket or'Tickets, drawn on the Day of publishing the fame, or any Marks,

Letters, or Figures to denote the fame, or (lull publish, or cause or procure t:> be published, any List or

Register of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any Mark?, Letters, or Figures shall be

placed to denote the Time of Day or Order in which any Tickets shall be drawn, and with Intent to denote

the fame, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, tha.ll forfeit and pay the Sum

of five Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of London for

the Time being, upon Complaint made upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any Offence committed

against this Act, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid

may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and if any Person or Persons

shall he found or discovered, at the Time and Place of Drawing as aforesaid, in the aCtual CommifSon of

any such OlFence, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or

Persons so offending, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, before one of the M-agi ft rates aforesaid, the

Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against in such Manner as is herein directed ; and when

any Per (on or Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of the Magistrates aforesaid for any such

Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the

Cafe, and, upon due Proof upon Oath, or sole.nn Affirmation, of any such Offence committed against this

Act, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly, and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such

Offence, and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of

Time not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal,

or until such Penalty (hull be satished; and every such Penalty when paid upon Conviction shall be applied

to the U(e of the Informer or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or

Offenders before such Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing

such Offender or Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sum-

moned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Magistrate, touching any of the Matters re-

lative to this ACt, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect

or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for

such. his, her, or their NegleCI or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Magistrate before whom the Prosecution

shall be depending, or appearing shall refuse to give Evidence, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for

every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means’as is

herein-before directed as to other Penalties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrate before whom any

Offender shall be conviCted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and

Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis \ that is to say,

u BE it remembered, That on at A.B. of was duly convicted before

“ me cf having committed an Offence against the Form of an of Parliament made in the

“ thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 fir granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money

4t to be rafted by a Lottery ” for which Offence I do adjudge that the said A. B. hath forfeited the Sum of

to be distributed in Manner following ; (//;.?/ is to say,) [Here ftt out the Proportions

“ directed to be paid by the Magistrate.]

“ Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear fiyjl above written

Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrate, where he shall fee

Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty as he shall think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges of the

Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in profecuing the fame, being always allowed

over and above such mitigated Penalty,) and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to leis than a

Moiety of the Penalty incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithstandingj and no such Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any Court

whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall not be required to grant a Licence for felling and dealing in Lottery

Tickets in the Lottery authorized by this A&, or in the Lottery which hath been established by any AC! of

the Parliament of Ireland for the present Year, to any Person or Persons whatever, unless it shall appear to

the

kaooooie

