314- C. 29. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

out to the

Amount of

5,coo oocl.

agreeable to

33 Geo. 111.

Cap. 11. except

as herein ex-

cepted.

Towers of

33 Geo. Ill,

Cap. II. to ex-

tend to Ex-

chequer Bills

made out under

this Act.

The Interest the

Dilb shall bear,

an$l the Times

at their being

mode payable.

Such Bills not to

be ieceive.1 in

1 ayment of any

Tax before the

Day appointed

for their Pay-

ment, See.

Cjrr.raiflicners,

cifrmiflicneis

to take the tal-

lowing

Oath,

Commissiontfl

may mec',

any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at his Majesty’s Exchequer, containing different Sums of

one hundred Pounds, fifty Pounds, and twenty Pounds each, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five

Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Di-

redlions (except where other Directions for making out the fame are contained and particularly expressed in

this Act) as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and

granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Tear one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to-be

taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advan-

tages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned AdL relating to the Ex-

chequer Bills authorized to be made by the fame Act, (except as herein-after mentioned,) shall be applied and

extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effcdlually, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if the lame Exchequer Bills had been originally authorized by the said last-mentioned Adl^

or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of

this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and maj

bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of two-pence halfpenny per Centum per Diemy upon or in respect of

the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein ; and that one fourth Part of each Class or Deno-

mination of such Bills shall be made payable on the thirtieth Day of September now next ensuing, one other fourth

Part thereof on the thirtieth Day of December then next ensuing, one other fourth Part thereof on the thirty-

first Day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-four, and the Residue thereof on the thirtieth-Day

of June then next ensuing 3 and that the principal Sum contained in every such Bill, together with such

Interest as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Time by this Act appointed

for Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged upon the Days and Times respectively appointed for

the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill to be made out by virtue of

this Act shall, after the fame hath been iilued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the Day

on which such Exchequer Bill is hereby appointed to be paid, received, or taken by, or pass or be cur-

relit with, any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply,

Aid, or l ax whatever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Ex-

chequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or

Corporate, (otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Exchequer

Bill in case the fame shall be in due Course or Order of Payment,) before the said Day hereby appointed for

Payment thereof; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange at any Time before the said Day of

Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Ex-

chequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, nor shall any Action be main-

tained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill

for Ready Money, before the said Day of Payment thereof, any Thing in the said last-rnentioned Act, or

this Act contained, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That John Lord Sheffield in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Grey Cooper Ba-

ronet, William Pulteney Esquire, Richard Muilman Trench Chijwell Esquire, Sir John Sinclair Baronet,

John William Anderson Esquire, Robert Smith Esquire, Samuel Bojanquet Esquire, Thomas Boddington Esquire,

I Vi I Ham Manning Esquire, John Whitmore Esquire, Francis Baring Esquire, Edward Foster Esquire, William

Raikes Esquire, Rober t Da? ell Esquire, Robert Barclay Esquire of Southwark3 Charles Grant Esquire, Gilbert

Junes Esquire, Jeremiah Harman Esquire, and James Brogden Esquire, shall be and are hereby conllituted

Commissioners for advancing and lending to^any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to the Merchants,

Bankers, and Traders resident within the Kmgdom of Great Britain, upon the Deposits and Securities, and

under the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations herein mentioned, the Exchequer Bills to

be made out in pursuance of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to ex-

ecute the Powers'and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument, or

Gratuity whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any two of the said Commissioners in this Act named, before they

enter upon the Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath, before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or the

Master of the Rolls, for the Time being, which they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and re-

quired to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as lolloweth; (that is to say,)

44 J A. B. do swear> That^ according to the best of my Judgement, I will faithfully and impartially execute

44 the several Powers arid Trujls vejled in me by an Act^ intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to

44 direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein

44 mentioned, according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.”

And ever^ other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the fame Oath before the

said two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, alter they shall

themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this ndl shall have Power to

meet and fit from Time to Time, in such Place or Places as they shall find moil convenient, with or with-

out

Goooole

