528

PrrcrHirg* not

icmovib ic by

Certiorari.

Cenerd Issue.

Treble Costs.

11 Geo. Til.

Cap. 47. recited.

Company may

continue their

Bond D-bt of

a,000,cocl and

borrow a further

Sum of

l, QOO, OOol.

C. 4c, 41. Anno trieduno quarto Georgi 1 III. A.D. 1794.

and a Vagabond, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order such Offender to be sent to the House

of Correction, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor Ids than

one Month, and until the final Period of the drawing of the Lottery, in respe& whereof such Offence shall

be committed , and such Proceedings shall not he subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removable by

Certiorau, or other wile, into any Court whatever.

XU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be feed,

most (led, or |)Vo(lcuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this A cl, such Person or Persons

shall and may plead the Gcntral Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, in his, her,

or their Defence or IXfences; and if afterwards a V7erdict (hull pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or

the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or

Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant

or Defendants shall have T reble Colts awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff ot

Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of two Millions,

and to increase the lame by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require.

[9th May 1794.]

4 WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for placing the Stocky

called Last India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank if

4 England, and ingrafting the J a me on the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a

4 Debt of four millions two hundred thot]and Pounds^ owing by the Pubitck to the East India Company; and

4 for enabling the fend Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stocky to be ap-

4 plied in Dtfcharge of certain Debts of the Jaiel Company; it was amongst other Things enabled, that it

4 should be lawful for the said Company, with the Consent of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury,

4 or any three of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times thereafter, to open

4 Kooks and receive Subscriptions for enlarging their then present Capital Stock or Fundof five Millions toany

4 Sum not exceeding the further Sum of one Million, (o as to make their whole Capital Stock the Sum of fix

4 Millions; and that the said Company should, out of the Monies to arise by the said Subscriptions, in the first

4 Place, apply so much thereof as should be (Efficient for the Purpose in reducing their Bond Debt in Great

4 Britain to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and after such Reduction made,'or a suffi*

4 cient Sum let apart and reserved for that Purpose, that the said Company should and might apply and dispose

4 of the Residue of the Monies arising by the said Subscriptions, in the Discharge of such other Debts due or

4 coming due from them, as they should think fit: And it was thereby also enacted, that after the said Bond

4 Debt should have been so reduced to one million five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, it should not be

4 lawful for the said Company again to increase the fame beyond that Amount, unless with the Approbation of

the Board of Commissioners lor the Affairs of Indiay for that Purpose in Writing first had and obtained, and

that the whole Increase to be made to the said Bond Debt should in nowise exceed the Sum of five hundred

4 thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Company have accordingly received Subscriptions in the Manner

4 by the said Act directed, whereby their Capital Stock hath been increased to six Millions, and the said Com-

4 pany have, out of the Monies arising by the said Subscriptions, paid, bought up, or otherwise discharged

4 Bonds to the Amount of one million one hundred and fifty thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds,or

4 thereabouts, and have set apart a sufficienc Sum for the Purchase or Discharge of as many more Bonds as will

4 reduce the said Debt to two Millions: And whereas in the present State of the- Affairs of the said Com-

4 pany it will be for their Convenience and Advantage that,inliead of applying any further Part of the Money

4 which hath arisen by the said Subscriptions in or towards a further Reduction of their said Bond Debt be-

4 yond the Sum already set apart as aforesaid, the Company should be permitted to apply the fame to the ge-

4 neral Purposes of their Commerce, and to continue on Foot the said Bond Debt of two Millions, and it is

4 also expedient that the said Company should be permitted to increase their said Bond Debt by a further Sum

4 not exceeding one Million, as Circumstances may require May it therefore please your Majesty that if

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to keep on Foot and continue

their said Bond Debt in Great Britain at the aforesaid Amount of two Millions, and to apply the Surplus

Monies of the said Subscriptions remaining, after reducing or setting apart a (Efficient Sum to reduce the

said Bond Debt to the Amount aforesaid, to and for the general Purposes of their Trade and Commerce;

and further, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, by and with the Approbation and Con-

8 sent

