4i 8 C/65. Anno'tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Corn Returns to

transmic a Cer-

tificate of the

General Average

Prices to the

Officers of the

Custotm there-

in, as the Rule

for Impnrta 1011

and Exporta-

tien.

Ctause 70 of 31

Geo. III. Cap.

30. recited, and

repealed.

His Majesty in

Council may

prohibit the Ex-

portation of

Corn, See. or per-

mit the Impor-

tation, or taking

from Ware-

hnufes, Foreign

Corn, See. for

Home Consump-

tien, in certain

Cafes.

Penalty for Im-

porting or ex-

porting contrary

hereto.

Permission for

importing Corn,

fee. to continue

3 Months.

The Exportation

©t Foreign Corn,

foe. warehoused

agreeably to re-

cited Acts, not

to be prohibited.

His Majesty in

Council may

permit the car-

rying Coast wife,

Ice« of Corn, for

the Purposes

mentioned in

the recited or

this Act) though

omitted in all the Returns of any District, or in the said Account received from the Inspector for the City of

London, the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall and he is hereby authorized 2nd Required, in every such

Cafe, to transmit a Certificate of the General Average Price of each Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal, or of any

Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal which may have been omitted as aforesaid, computed as above directed, for

England and for Scotland respoSlively, as the Cafe may be, to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the

Ports of every such District in England or Scotland respectively, as the Cafe may be; and according to such

Average Prices contained in such Certificate the Importation and Exportation of Corn and other Articles

shall be regulated in every such District, till a new Certificate be received by such Officers, any Thing in

the before-mentioned Act, passed in the thirty-fidl Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

VI. And whereas by the aforesaid Act it is enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, be, and

c he and they is and are thereby authorized, with the Advice of his and their Privy Council, at any Time

4 when Parliament is not fitting, and when the Average Price of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal, taken from

the Returns of the whole Kingdom, is higher than the Price at or above which Foreign Corn, Meal, or

4 Flour, of the fame Sort, is allowed by Law to be imported at the Low Duties specified in Table (D) in

the said Act, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of

4 Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, and in like Manner to permit generally the Importation, on the lowest

4 Duties then payable, of any Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, and in like Alanner to recall such

' 4 Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any Person shall import or

4 export any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or Permission of his Majesty,

4 by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so importing or exporting the lame shall be sub-

4 jedt and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn or other Articles, and the Ship of Vellel

in which the fame shall be imported or exported, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, as if the

4 said Corn or other Articles were imported or exported contrary to the Provisions of that or any other Act:

4 Provided always, That as often as the Importation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Du-

4 ties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their

4 Privy Council, such Permission shall continue in force for the Space of three Months at least from the

4 Date of the Order of Council made for that Purposebe it further enacted, That the said Provision be,

and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-

fors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, at any

Time when the General Average Price of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal in England or Scotland respec-

tively, taken as herein-before directed, shall appear to be at or above the Price at or above which Foreign

Corn, Meal, or Flour, of the fame Sort, is allowed by Law to be imported from Ireland, or the Province of

Quebec, or the other British Colonies and Plantations in North America, at the first Low Duties specified in

the Table marked (E) in the said Act, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from Eng-

land ox Scotland respectively, as the Cafe may be, of any such Sort of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid;

and in like Manner, at any Time when the Average Price of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal in England

and Scotland respectively, taken as herein-before directed, shall appear to be at or above the Price at or above

which Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the fame Sort is allowed by Law to be imported from any other

Foreign Country, at the first Low Duty specified in the said Table marked (E), to permit generally the

Importation into England or Scotland respectively, as the Cafe may be, or the taking out of Warehouse for

Home Consumption, of any such Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, on Payment of the second Low

Duty only, and no other, and in like Manner to recall such Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall

appear so to require; and if any Person shall import or export any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, con-

trary to such Prohibition or Permission of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, the

Person so importing or exporting the fame shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties*

and the said Corn or other Articles, and the Ship or Vcilel in which the fame shall be imported or exported*

shall be subject and liable to the like P'orfeitures as if the said Corn or other Articles were imported or ex-

ported contrary to the Provisions of this or any other Act: Provided always. That as often as the Importa-

tien of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, such Permission shall continue in force

for the Space, of three Months at least from the Date of the Order of Council made for that Pur-

pose, unless such Order be made before the thirtieth Day of June one thoulund seven hundied and ninety-

three.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power hereby granted to his Majesty,his Heirs

and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation from England and

Scotland respectively, of any Sort of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to

extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, that shall have been imported, and shall he warehoused

in Manner and on the Conditions mentioned in the said Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying

Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Corn, and other Articles herein-before

mentioned, for. any of the Purposes mentioned in the said Act or in this Act, in like Manner, and in the fame

Proportions and Quantities, and from.and to the fame Ports and Places, as. is by the said Act or by this pre-

sent Act allowed, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Com, or other Articles before mentioned', are

prohibited to be exported* by reason of the Price of any such Sort of Corn being at or above^the Price men-

tioned

