THE

STATUTES at Large, &e.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-fifth Day of November, Anno

Donum one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-fir (I Year of the Reign of

our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain^ France,

and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-first Day of January, one thousand

4 leven hundred and ninety-four; being the foui th Session of the seventeenth Parliament of Great BritainI

CAP. I.

An Act for raising the Sum of eleven Millions by Way of Annuities.

[20th February 1794.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 X X 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your

Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, that the Sum of eleven Millions be raised by An-

4 nuities, in Manner herein-after mentioned / and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it

may be enacted, tsV.

44 Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to an Annuity of 3/. per Annum on 100l. from January

41 1794; an Annuity of 1 /. on 25/. from October 10, 1793; and an Annuity of 11s. $d. for sixty-six Years

44 three Months from the said October 10, to be paid Half-yearly out of the Consolidated Fund. Contri-

tv butors who have made Deposits at the Bank may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions by Instal-

44 ments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors to be allowed Discount for Subscriptions

44 paid in Advance. Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. Annuities

44 payable at the Bank. The Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant-General, and the Treasury to

44 order Money to be paid to the Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay, and the Accountant-

44 General to inspect his Accounts. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned

44 before December 10, 1794. Cashier to give Security, and to pay Money within five Days after received,

44 into the Exchequer, A Book to be kept in the Accountant-General’s Office for entering Contributors’

44 Names, a Duplicate of which shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly

44 paying their Subscriptions to be entitled to their Annuities free from Taxes. Subscriptions paid in Part,

44 and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred at

44 the Bank. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Ex-

44 chequer. Accountant-General to keep Books for registering Transfers. Stock may be deviled by Will,

44 which must be entered with the Accountant-General. Transfers not to be liable to Stamp-Duty.

44 Treasury to defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Cashier

44 and Accountant General. The 3 per Cents, under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of

44 the 3 per Cents.; and the per Cents, to the Joint Stock of per Cents. Annuities of us. $d. to be

44 added to the Annuities for ninety-nine and ninety-eight Years. Annuities granted by this Act to be paid

44 our of the Consolidated Fund. Personscounterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony.

44 The Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. No Fee shall be taken for

44 receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20/. General Ifiue. Treble

44 Costs.”

34 GEO. III.

3 Q_

CAP.

