The TITLES of the STATUTES.

*7. An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of

Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

*'l8T AiVA'dtfor grrfhting Rates of Postage for the Convey-

alice of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and

the Islands of Jcrfcyaivi Gnernfey, and within those Blands.

19. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of

the said Company.

20. An Act f >r repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard,

. Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper; and for grant-

ing other Duties in lieu thereof.

21. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy

dtid Victualling Bills; and for providing for the regular

Payment of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be

issued in future.

22. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland

and Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men,

at certain Ports, for a limited Time.

23. An Act for amending and making perpetual an Act,

madq in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of

the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes,

and Muslins, by vejling the Properties thereof in the De-

signers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

24. An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the

Towns of Buckingham^ Aylesbury, and IFendover, in the

County of Buckingham, to communicate with the Grand

Jundlion Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of

the laftSession of Parliament; and for amending the said Act.

25. An Act for extending the JVyrley and EjJingtcn Canal.

26. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

■ from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to

or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, at the intended Aquedudl Bridge in

Dukwfield in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel

Milton in the County of Derby; and a Communication

by. Rail Ways or Stone Roads from thence to Load's Knoivl,

within Peak Forest in the said County of Derby; and a

Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to JVbaley

Bridge in the said County of Chester.

27. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional

Duties on Glass imported into or made in Great Britain.

28. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Y car one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-four.

29. An Act for railing u further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer BiM, lor the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-four.

30. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth-

ing of the M.liiia, in that Part of Great Britain called

preventing Suits in consequence of the fame; for author

rizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying

Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Allies; and for mating

further Provisions relative thereto.

35. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go-

vernors, and Persons acting as such in the JVefl India

Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Export-*

ation ol Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

36. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Export-

ation. of Culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the

Strcnq'h of Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer.

t\ . xx r— -1—* A ~

England, for on; VCar, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thoul.v. 1 seven hundred and ninety-four.

31. An Act for ent ..raging and disciplining such Corns or

Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves

for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or

for the gcneial Defence of the Kingdom, dating the ptefent

War.

32. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp

DutM, to flump Bills of Exchange and Notes in certain

Cads.

33. An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise

on Tiftilleries, and on Licences granted to Distillers, in

Scotland: and for appropriating the said Duties.

34. An A.dt for indemnifying all Persons who have been con-

cerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of

the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, re-

fpcdling the Exportation of Pot Alhcs or Pearl Allies; for

10

f_____ J —. _. . . u 4.J Vi i V/11U IU

37. A*. Act for altering an Act, passed in the seventh Year

of i:. .* Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in-

truled. An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Irwell

navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Pa~

latine of Lancaster, by incorporating the Proprietors of the

Lid Navigation; and to declare their respective Shares

therein to be Personal Estate.

.38. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

out of and from the TVinvick and Birmingham Cana), now

cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooker

in the County of JVarwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the

Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton.

39. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near

Porthywain Lime Rocks in the Parish of Llaiyblodwell in

the County of Salop, to or near Newtown in the County

of Montgomery; and also certain Collateral Cuts frqm the

said Canal.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

A4oney, to be raised by a Lottery.

41. An Act to empower the East India Company to conti-

nue a Bond Debt of two Millions, and to increase the fame

by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require.

42. An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under his Ma—

jelly’s Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under cer-

tain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in

F'oreign Colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise

the Occupations of Merchants or Fadtors; and for repeal-

ing an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to

carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of

any of his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America, from the

said Colonies dirrflly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great

PrlfUn ' r - --

__________v ur 1 j, m Mips uuiu in threat

Britain, and navigated according to Law; and also so much

of an Art passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty as amends the said Act.

43. An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers

in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in

certain other Places; and to enable his Majesty to grant

Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive

Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under

certain Restrictions.

________, ----- aim wumiiiuc lO muxtfl

of two Acts, made in the tenth and sixteenth Years of his

present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees

of the Officcis of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers

in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of

the Customs in the Bland of Newfoundland.

45. An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of

Criminal Judicature in Nofolk If and.

46. An Act for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits

depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

47. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families

e/

^.ooooie

