The TITLES of the STATUTES.

or belonging to the fame, in Trustees, to be sold and con-

veyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and

for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging

the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein

expressed.

16. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith

Esquire, deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers He-

reditaments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of

Surrey, and an Annual or Fee Farm Relit of twenty-

five Founds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount

Bures, in the County of Essex, and a yearly Relit of

thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Relit of

forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of

Heddington, with the Hundred of Bullingdon\ in the

County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors

of Knovule, Scvenoaks, Kempfing, and Seal, in the County

of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Parishes

of Scvenoaks, Kempfing, and Seal, in the said County of

Kent, and to convey the last-mentioned Hereditaments ac-

cordingly.

17. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wolford the

younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now Wife,

and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon P'icld, and Commonable Land and Ground, within

the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton otherwise King-

ton, in the County of Warwick, called Great Kineton Field.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within

the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of

Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of

the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture,

called The Town Ciofe, and a certain Common or Waste,

called The Hollings, within the Manor and 1'own ship of

Kippax, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, in the Parish of Little Wooljhn, in the County

of Bucks.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Com-

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes

of Barston otherwise Barkejlonc and Plungar, in the

County of Leicester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hofc, in

the County of Leicester.

2.].. An Act for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazcnove

and John Francis Batard.

25. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Koithan.

26. An Act for naturalizing Henry Hey man the younger.

27. An Act for naturalizing jean Bapti/le Armcind

Choiseul, called Marquis de Choiseul.

28. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Ex-

change agreed upon between his Grace the Archbishop of

York, and William Markham Esquire, of certain Lands

and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called Beckcy

Grange, in the Parish of /Ibberford, in the County of

York, for certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said

William Markham, situate at Langthorne and Crake hall,

in the Parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or one of them, in

the said County.

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging

to Thomas Staunton Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of

Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be sold,

and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in such

Manner as therein is mentioned.

30. An Act to impower Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and others,

to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates

in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County

of Middlesex.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and

Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwick, otherwise

Chadwick, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of

Worccjlcr.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The

Manhood Common, in the Hundred of AFanhood, in the

County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Birdbam, in

the same County, commonly called or known by the

Name of Bird ham Common.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The

Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the

County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Weftwit-

tering, in the same County, commonly called or known

by the Name of Weflwittering Common; and also a cer-

tain other Open Waste or Common, called Cackham

Green, in the same Parish.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the

County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tarvin,

in the County of Chester.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Town-

ship of Christleton, in the County of Chester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Ma-

nor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North

Riding of the County of York.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field,

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of

Handjworth, in the County of Stafford.

39. An Act to enable Dame fane Trafford. Widow and

Relidl of Sir Clement Tract'onl. Knight, deceased, to take

and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will

of Edward South-well Esquire, deceased.

40. An Act for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of

the Estates of Sujauui Ann Treftry Dormer and Jane

Treffry Dormer, Infants, and to invert the Monies arising

from the Leases to be granted on Fines, in the Purchase

of real Estates, to be lettkd to the subsisting Uses of the

Estates so to be leased.

41. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Parti-

tien and Divilion between Tloomas Huftler Esquire, and

Richard William Peirj'e Esquire, of the Manor and Man-

fion House of Adlam, in the North Riding of the County

of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Ackla\n

and Aiiddlefbrough, and in the Townships of Linthorpe

and Airfome, in the said North Riding of the said County

of York; and for settling and limiting the Intirety of the

said Manor and Manlion House, and of the specifick

Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, which,

upon such Partition and Divilion, weie allotted to each of

them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for other

Purposes.

42. An Act for vesting the settled Estates*of William D/V-

covfon Esquire, and Ale ii or a his Wife, and Edward

Dicccrj'on Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at Wgar,

Penworibam, Coppul, Ckarnock, Richard, Croft on, Worth-

2 ingto/iy

c.

