276 C. 67. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

not be (aleable or transerrable, but for which be may receive Payment by applying in Person at any one of

?he Pav Offices London, Porismouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, provided he shall appear to have regularly

entered and to have been three Times mustered in the Ship into which he was turned over, or appear

upon Books to have been jegularly i^\puifkrv icSea? Home or Abroad, or be sent Sick into any Hof-

3iC;o, j.e- }} 7. IfhAbro«£ he shall receive from his Captain or Commander a Ticket u

p tal or Sick t^yar received into any such Hospital or Sick Quarters, he shall be discharged

l,ke Mannerand the Agent of such Hospital a Certificate of his Dif-

11<L,' and Discharge Ln such HM at any of the Pay Office,

charge, ana upon pi t- . . Certificate Gf his having received no Wages for his Services in Ins Paf-

above-mentioned, tog Home in a Packet or Merchantman, he shall receive Payment thereof, and

shall be°llm by'the Commissioner to the nearest Hospital, where he shall be receivedlandvictualled from the

shall be lent oy uw 'Tickets till he be paid: and it he shall be or arrive in any other Part of Great

} ime °;PLtl he shall prefect his Tickets and Certificates to any Collector of the Customs, Collector of

tumor Ireland, of the Land Tax, or Clerk of the Check, who may be or reside at that

Place^and Sef'bd Cdleelor Receiver, or Clerk of the Check, being satisfied as to his Identity, shall

r ’ i lk I-,; 1'Pirkcfs and Certificates to the Commissioners of the Navy in London, who will return a

Bil?fot the6Amoun^of^he^Vages d ue^thereon, and which Bill shall be payable by such Collector or Re-

Bill lor w “ particularly described in the ninth Clause of this Abstract; and if any ffich

CTfctoi^Sould bTuSdil/loft or destroyed, the Ptuty shall receive Payment upon the Du-

Remove iickcis in toeen (=nt to t!lc Navy Board by the Commander ol the Ship for which

ft wa?.mdeCout- and if lmth‘Parts should be so loll or destroyed, the Party, or his Heirs, shall be mtitled

1 ndeceive wlvitever shall be due to them upon other 1 ickets to be made out from the Muller Books, or

to receive whatever i then be paid for the 1 ime. If the Petty Officer, Seaman, or

upon the Ship s ’ . fenUick as aforesaid, to any Hospital or Sick Quarters, shall be discharged

Marine, who his Ticket wi-1. the Agent; but if lie shall be discharged to

therefrom, to return lhc ^ail Cany his Ticket with him, but which shall not be payable until the

go on Loa,d; y ‘ . ?0 shall come in Course of Payment, or until he shall be discharged therefrom;

% T'"fS ’fwOfficers; Seamen, and Marines, shall be at any Time sent lick on Shore, the

and when such 1 t y Quarters shall make out a List containing their Names and Numbers at

Agent of the Ho . , c Q. which be shall procure the Signature of the Officer who conducted

^?hor“ und t « poffiblu hat Ithe Captain or Commander of the Ship from which

"7 When any InferiorOfficer, Seaman, or Marine, Ml die on Board of any Ship in the Service of his Ma-

iefty a Dead Ticket shall be transmitted by the first Opportunity to the Commissioners of the Navy, for the

J . r W nffimr Seaman or Marine, as also annexed thereto a List or bill for the Value of the

Wages due to u ? b’ have left; and the said Commissioners shall assign the fame for

whiH tVhM receive U>and upon Application causek to

f As ofk“a‘sha n^'ship which shall n“ be^aTo” of or on the Coast thereof, Oaail have

Mm^Msto^bc calicd^verj'aiUt^clTto anftvcf'to hl^Nameftnld flt^l do the farne'at

Officers, beam , Calendar Months Wages or more shall be due; and if any such

ft* tnd ir Marine shall then declare or deliver in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of his

0®cer’ Mother Grandfather, G randmother, Brother, or Sifter, and desire that the \Y hole or any Part

except the Wages due for the last six Months, should be paid to any such Relation

of his Wags then due except the > Collcaor of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the

by any Receiver-% b iy Revenue Officer in the Captain or Commander is strictly re-

Chcck in 'S’sTo beSle out of the Persons so tiefiring to make such Remittances, and shall

quired to cause so t Opportunity, without Delay, to the Commissioners of the Navy at their

transmit mch L fts by the Jrlt e, make out two Bills, if Payment is required to be made

Board; who on if to be made in Ireland, for the Payment of the Wages so allotted by

in Gn-at Britain, or ... Certificates shall be sent to the Perions respedrvely specihcd in such Lifts,

each of the Check, or Commissioners of the Revenue in -

and the other to h f h Bi|j ;s ,bnt shall, within lix Months from the Date thereof, pro-

iand-, and if the Per for Reiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, together with a Certificate

duce and deliver t Father Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother, or Sifter, as the Cafe may

that such Per on s tlgW.fc, ^r Jlo unde*r the Hand of the Alinifter and Churchwardens, or

K'iBX “a'lS W» EMJb of the PariO, where such Person was marned or reftd.s, such He.

in Scotland o\r the 11 f lbc Check, upon being satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate by examining

ceiver, Collector, otherwise i« immediately, without Fee or Reward, to pay the Sum mentioned-in

thel'arty upon Oath, or otherw^‘, Vcb Sn or such Certificate, together with the Duplicate thereof, being

such Bill, taking a K 1 > immediately assigned for Payment by the Commissioners of the Navy,

produced at «I«N«1^ (2* ffier, Collector, or Clerk of the Check, or to the Com-

and repaid by the I'realurer or mc i; avy ‘ respectively; but if Payment of the said Bill be not de-

mtffioners of the R^vc'i CoWcCtorlor Clerk of the Check, and the Duplicate of the said Bill, together with

^prope^Certificate, be not produced and delivered to them respectively vyithm six Months Irom the Date

31 Geo. ». c. 10.

extended 3»

Cco.3. c.33.

31 Geo. 1. c. 10.

extended by 32

Geo. 3. c. 33.

and by 32 Geo.

3. c. 67.

