A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 47.

CAP. XLVIL

An Act for placing the Stock called East India Annuities under the Management of the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the fame on the three

Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of four millions two

hundred thousand Pounds, owing by the Publick to the East India Company j and for

enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money, by a further Increase of their

Capital Stock, to be applied in Dil'charge of certain Debts of the said Company.

[7th

c WHEREAS here is now due and owing by the Publick to the United Company of Merchants of

c ▼ V England trading to the East Indies the several Sums of three millions two hundred thousand-

4 Pounds, and one million, making together the Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, at-

4 tended with an Annuity or an interest, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting

4 to the Sum of one hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament; and upon the

4 Credit thereof, and by virtue of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of King George the Second, the

4 said United Company have fold certain Annuities, distinguished by the Name of East India Annuities,

4 transferrable at the Office of the said United Company in London, to an Amount of two millions nine

4 hundred and ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds and five Shillings, bearing an interest.

4 after the like Rate of three Pounds per Centum, amounting to eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and

4 seventy-three Pounds and four Shillings per Annum, redeemable by the Publick; and the Refid us of the

4 said Debt, amounting-to one million two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds and

4 fifteen Shillings, bearing alike interest of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to thirty-six.

4 thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds and sixteen Shillings, is the Property of the said Company,.

4 subje£fc to any Incumbrances by them made thereon: And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh

4 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the said Annuity or interest of one hundred and twenty-six thousand.

4 Pounds per Annum, together with the Charges and Allowances, payable to the said United Company for

4. the Management of the Annuities so sold by them, amounting to one thousand six hundred and eighty.-

4 seven Pounds per Annum, ft md charged and chargeable upon a Funderedted and established by the said-

4 last-mentioned Act, called The Consolidated Fund: And whereas it will be for the mutual Convenience and-.

4 Advantage of the Publick and of the said United Company, and also of the Holders of the Annuities so

4 sold as aforesaid, that the said four millions two hundred thousand Pounds,^and the said Annuity of one

4 hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds, payable in respect thereof, should, 'with the Content of the said

4 Company and of the said Annuitants, be transferred and placed under the Management of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England, and be engrafted upon and consolidated with the Annuity Stock

4 called Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, payable and transferrable at the Bank of England,

4 charged and chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund, but to continue subject to Redemption by the

4 Publick May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s,

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Annuities

fb sold by the said United Company, amounting to the Sum of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two

thousand four hundred and forty Pounds and five Shillings Capital, being Part of the said Debt of four mil-

lions two hundred thousand Pounds, and the Annuity or interest of eighty-nine thousand seven hundred

and seventy-three Pounds and four Shillings, payable to the Holders of the said Annuities in respect-thereof,

with the Consent of the said Holders respectively, and also the said Annuities to the Amount of one million

two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds and fifteen Shillings Capital, Residue of

the said Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and the Annuity, or interest of thirty-six

thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds and sixteen Shillings, payable to the said United Company

in respect thereof, shall, from and after the thirty-first Day. of August one. thousand seven hundred and

ninety-three, be transferred from the Management of the said United Company, at their Office, to the

Bank of England, and be placed under the Management of the Governor and Company of the said Bank,

and be ingrafted upon and consolidated with the Stock uftially distinguistied by the Name of Three Pounds

per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and that such Ingraftment and Consolidation ftnll be deemed and taken-,

to be a Redemption of the said several Loans or Debts of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and

one million, making tcgeiher four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as between the Publick and the.

Lid United Company, under the said recited Act, and the fame shall be accepted by the said Company, and

by the Holders of the said Annuities by them sold as aforesaid, in full Satisfaction thereof respectively; and.

that from thenceforth the said Annuities or annual interest of eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and seven-

ty-thiee Pounds and four Shillings, and thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds and sixteen

Shillings respectively, making together one hundred and twenty-lix thousand Pounds per Annum, shall re-

main and continue charged and chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund, and be iilued half-yearly by the-

Exchequer to the Chief Calhieror CaGfiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to-

gether with and as a Part of the Annuity or interest of the said Stock, called Three Pounds per Centum.

Reduced Annuities, for the Use of the said United Company, and of the Holders of the said. Annuities so

sold as aforesaid reflectively, according to their respective Shares and Proportions thereof, and be no longer

iiliied or paid at the Exchequer to the Lid United Company, or by the said United Company to the said.

Annuitants j.

339

23 Geo. II.

Cap. 22.

27 G 0. in.

Cap. 13.

The F ft' fndra

Annuities 10 be

transfe/red fr>'m

the Man. g-m^nc

of tha East In-

dia Company* to

th? B ink, and

consolidated

wilh the 3 per

Ce it. Reavc-d

Annuities, teCo.

