The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the Weft Riding of

the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the

Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the

County Palatine of Lancaster; and also certain Cuts from

the said intended Canal.

79. An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects,

in the Hands of his Majesty’s Subjects, belonging to, or

disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit

of the Individual Owners thereof.

50. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend

an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend fe-

veral Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and

carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Co act of Africa.

51. An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the

thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late

Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for

ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom,

as relates to the Militia of the City of London j and for

the better ordering the fame.

82. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations

respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident

therein, in certain Cafes.

S3. An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the

twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-

ti tulea, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of

controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in

Parliament, as relates to the Time of presenting certain

renewed Petitions, and taking the fame into Considera-

tien.

$4. An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House or Houses for

confining and employing Convicts.

£5. An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution

of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by

two Acts, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of

Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of

King George the First, for making the River Nine or Ncn,

running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so

far as the fame relate to the Navigation between Peter-

borough and Thrapston Bridge.

86. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal,

with certain RailWays and Stone Roads, from several

Collieries, in the County of Somerset, to communicate

with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish

of Bradford, in the County of IVilts.

87. An Act for extending and improving the Birmingham

Canal Navigations.

88. An Act for taking down and^ rebuilding the Parish

Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrcwsbury, in

the County of Salop.

89. An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abing-

don in the County of Berks; for better cleansing, light-

ing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and

Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing

Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoy-

ances therein; and for otherwise improving the said

Town.

go* An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River

Kennety at or near the town of Newbury y in the County

of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Batby

and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

91, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers,

of two Acts made in the seventeerith Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing

the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny

Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which

shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold

within the Town of Borrowjlounnefs, and Liberties thereof,

in the County of Linlithgow; and for extending the fame

over the Parish of Borrtnvflounnefs; for repairing the Har-

bour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from IV'tfbech River, at or near a Place called the Old

Sluicey in the Town of IFlfbech in the Isle of Ely, and

County of Cambridge, to join the River None in the

Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the

County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining

the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church

to Salters Load Sluice.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in

the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a

certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch in the

County of Leicester, and for continuing the fame from

thence in one Line to the Limeworks at Ticknall in the

County of Derby, and in another Line to the Limeworks

at Cloudhill in the said County of Leicester, with certain

Cuts or Branches from the said Canal.

94. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to complete

the said Navigation, and to vary the Line thereof, and to

raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for

making a Navigable Branch, therein defenbed, from the

intended new Line of the said Canal.

95. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the twenty-third

Year of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation

of the River Trent; and for making and maintaining a

Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of

Bccston, to join the Nottingham Canal, in the Parish of

Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain

Cuts on the Side of the said River.

96. An Act for paying, cleansing, lighting, watching, water-

ing, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the

Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places,

which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground

in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr,

and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in

the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for

the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted

young Children, commonly called The Foundling HospitaL

97. An Act for building a new Shire Hall for the County

of Stafford.

98. An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employ-

ment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the

County of Bedford.

99. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers

of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his

present iMajesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing,

flouring, fr<fervingy and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr;

for enlarging and improving the fhta)s and Piers; for cred-

in? Docks, Breafis, Jet tecs, and Piers-, and for regulating

Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels trading into and going out

of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

100. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers

of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the

Roads in the County of Torfar, and for regulating the Statute

Labour within the same-, and lor repairing lcvcral other

Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over

the River South Efk, near Finhaccn.

2 101. An

