A.D. 1790.

Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

C. 38.

4i

pany by Re-

demption to take

oul Licences.

Letters Parent

for licenfir.g

Taverns at Sr.

Alban's con-

deemed Retail*

era.

and enjoyed: Provided also, that no Person who {hall be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company of Freemen of the

Vintners of the City of London by Redemption only, shall be exempted from the Obligation of taking out a Vin!ners L'om-

Licence for retailing Foreign Wine, but that the b reemen only of the said Company, who shall have been nanu Kv

already admitted to their Freedom, or who shall be admitted to their Freedom in Right of Patrimony or Ap-

prenticeship, shall beintitled to such Exemption.

XIII. Provided also, that nothing herein-before contained shall in any wise extend to debar or hinder the

Mayor or Burgesses of the Borough of Saint Alban's in the County of Hertford., or their Successors, from en-

joying, Uiing, and exercising all such Liberties, Powers, and Authorities to them heretofore granted by fe- M1()an-,

veral Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King fames the First, for

erecting, appointing, and licensing of three several Wine Taverns within the Borough aforesaid, for and to-

wards the Maintenance of the Free School there; but that the fame Liberties, Powers, and Authorities shall

be, and the fame are hereby establi filed and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said Mayor

and Burgesses, and their Successors, to and for the charitable Uie aforesaid, and according to the Tenor of

the Letters Patent aforesaid, as though this Act had never been made; any Thing in this Act contained to

the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Licence No Licence to

to retail Foreign Wine, or to retail British-made Wines or Sweets, or to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors be&ranted but to

or Strong Waters, shall be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever, save and except to such Persons on- m^hfha^ve l*

ly to whom a Licence to retail Foreign Wine, or to retail BritiJJj-made Wines or Sweets, or to retail «,fcesbeibrethe

distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters respectively, might lawfully be granted by the several Acts of pairing this Act,

Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall who shall be

fell, offer, or expose to Sale, any Foreign Wine, in any less Quantity than shall be equal to the Measure

or Quantity in which the fame shall have been or may be lawfully imported by way of Merchandize, shall be

deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of Foreign Wine within the Meaning of this Act; and if any

Foreign Wine shall at any Time be fold, offered, or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever,

in any Quantity less than the Measure or Quantity in which the fame shall have been or might have been law-

fully imported by way of Merchandize, such felling, offering, or exposing to Sale, shall be deemed and taken

to be a retailing of Foreign Wine, within the Meariing of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who

shall fell, offer, or expose to Sale, any British-made, Wine or Sweets, in the Quantity of twenty-five Gal-

lons, or under, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of British-made Wines or Sweets

within the Meaning of this Act; and if any British-made Wine or Sweets shall at any Time be fold, offered,

or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever in any Quantity less than twenty-five Gallons, such

felling, offering, or exposing to Sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of British-made Wines and

Sweets within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons who shall fell, offer, or expose

to Sale, any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aquavit*, or any other distilled Spirituous

Liquors or Strong Waters, unmixed or mixed with themselves or any other Ingredients, in any less Quan-

tity than two Gallons, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of distilled Spirituous Liquors

and Strong Waters within the Meaning of this Act; and if any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Ge-

neva, Aquavitae, or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, unmixed or mixed with them-

selves, or any other Ingredients, shall at any Time be fold, offered, or exposed to Sale, by any Person or

Persons whatsoever in any Quantity less than two Gallons, such felling, offering, or exposing to Sale, shall

be deemed and taken to be a retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters within the Meaning

of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures im-

posed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods as

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of

Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

I^flniinster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or

them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by

this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to

Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into the

said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated

Fund.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the said several Acts made in the ninth Year of the Reign of

her said late Majesty Queen Anney in the thirtieth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty

King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the lame

give any Power or Authority to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, to grant Licences to fell

Wine by Retail, or to fell by Retail British-made Wines or Sweets; and also that the said several Acts, made

in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and in

the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, so far as the fame gave any Power or Au-

thority to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any of them, or to the Per-

fons appointed by them, or any of them, or the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in England and Scotland

respectively, to grant Licences to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall be, and the fame

are hereby repealed.

30 Geo. III. G XIX. And

How Penalties

may be sued for,

and bow to be

divided.

Duties so be car-

ried to the Con-

folidated Fund.

From Oft. 10,

1790, recited

Acts of 9 Ann.

30 and 31 Geo.

II. and 26 Geo.

III. as far as they

authorize the

Comm flioners

of Stamps to

grant Licences;

and 16 and 24

Geo. 11, and

Geo. 111. as far

as they authorize

the Commission*

ers of Excise to

grant Licences,

refealed,

