Governor Gene-

ra), or Gover-

nors, may order

Measures pro-

ofed in Council,

about which

they differ from

the other Mem-

bers, to be

adopted or fuf-

pended, &c.

362 C. 52'. Anno triceflmo tertio Georgii IIP. A.D. 1793.

Powers with to secure and detain Periods fiifpedted of any such illicit Correspondence as aforesaid, within their respective

re Presidencies and Settlements, and of fending them to England for Trial, as are hereby given to the saidGo-

Is the Governor vern°r General or Governor General in Council of Fort William respectively.

General.

XLVII. 4 And whereas it will tend greatly to the Strength and Security of the British Possessions in India,

4 and give Energy, Vigour, and Dispatch to the Measures and Proceedings of the Executive Government

4 within the respective Presidencies, if the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal,. and the feveralGo-

4 vernors of Fort Saint George and 1Bombay, were veiled with a diferetionary Power of acting without the

4 Concurrence of their respective Councils, or forbearing to act according to their Opinions, in Cafes of

4 high Importance, and essentially affecting the Publick Interest and Welfare, thereby subjecting themselves

4 personally to answer to their Country for so acting, or forbearing to adlBe it enacted, That when and so

often as any Measure or Question shall be proposed or agitated in the Supreme Council at Fort William in

Bengal, or in either of the Councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, whereby the Interests of the said

United Company, or the Safety or Tranquillity of the British Possessions in Indiay or any Part thereof, are,

or may, in the Judgement of the Governor General, or of the said Governors respectively, be essentially

concerned orefledled, and the said Governor General or such Governors respectively shall be of Opinion that

it will be expedient either that the A4eafures so proposed or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into Exe-

cution, or that the fame ought to be suspended or wholly rejected, and the several other Members of such

Council then present shall differ in and diflentfrom such Opinion, the said Governor General or such Gover-

nor, and the other Members of the Council, shall, and they are hereby directed forthwith mutually to ex-

change with and communicate in Council to each other, in Writing under their respective Hands (to be

recorded at large on their Secret Consultations) the respective Grounds and Reasons of their respective Opi-

nions; and if, after considering the fame, the said Governor General, or such Governor respectively, and

the other Members of the said Council, shall severally retain their.Opinions, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Governor General in the Supreme Council of Fort William, or either of the said Governors

in their respective Councils, to make and declare any Order (to be signed and subscribed by the said Governor

General, or by the Governor making the same) for suspending or rejecting the Measure or Question so. pro-

posed or agitated, in Part or in the Whole, or to make and declare such Order and Resolution for adopting

and carrying the A'leasure 1b proposed or agitated into Execution, as the said Governor General, or such

Governors in their respective Councils, shall think fit and expedient; which said last mentioned Order and

Resolution so made and declared, shall be signed as well by the said Governor General, or the Governor so

making and declaring the fame, as by all the other Members of the Council then present, and shall by force

and virtue of this Adl be as effectual and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the said other Members

had adviled the fame, or concurred therein ; and the said Alembers of Council, and all Officers Civil and

Alilitary, and all other Persons concerned, shall be and they are hereby commanded, authorized, and enjoined

to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and afliftingin their respective Stations in the carrying the fame into

Execution.

Governor Ge- XL VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor General, or Governor, who shall declare and

nerai, &c. mak- command any such Order or Resolution to be made and recorded without the Assent or Concurrence of any

2? of ot^er Members of Council, shall alone be held responsible for the ftmc, and the Consequences

Consent of the thereof*

Council, respcnfible for ihc fame ;

but not to make

any Order which

could not have

hern made wi'h

the Consent of

thtr Council*

KoPerron to

aft, without

t*te Concurrence

of the Council,

whom the

Office of Gover-

nor hicnrial or

Governor /lull

devolve by

Death, unlefa

provisionally

ippointed, *c.

Governor Ge-

nera), &c. not

to carry into

Execution any

Order a^ainst

the Opinion of

the Council in.

ftlruia C

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be conflrucd to extend, to give Power to the said Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or to either

of the said Governors of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into Execution any

Order or Resolution which could not have been lawfully made and executed with the Concurrence of the

Councils of the respective Governments or Presidencies, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,

or be conflrucd to extend, to give any diferetionary Power of acting, or forbearing to act, without the Con-

currence of the other Members of Council, unto any Person on whom the said Office of Governor General,

or the said Office of Governor respectively, shall happen to devolve by the Death or Resignation of any Go-

vernor General, or Governor for the Time being respectively, or unto any Deputy Governor General*

unless such Person shall have been provisionally appointed to lucceed to such respective Office by the said

Court of Directors* or unless and until such Person shall have been or shall be confirmed in the said Office,

and that in the mean Time all Orders, Resolutions, and other Acts and Things in such Presidency, shall be

determined by the Voice of the major Part in Number of the Governor General and Counsellors, or Go-

vernor and Counsellors present at the making or doing thereof, such Governor General or Governor having

on any Equality of Voices a Calling Vote, and not otherwise, or in any other Aianner, any Thing in this

Adl contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be conflrucd to give

Power or Authority to the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or either of the Governors of Fort

Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into Execution any Order or Resolution against the

Opinion or Concurrence of the Counsellors of their respective Governments, in any Matter which shall

come under the Consideration of the said Governor General, and Governors in Council respectively, in

their Judicial Capacity $ or to make, repeal, or suspend any general Rule, Order, or Regulation for the

2- good

