7

The TITLES of

.Plantations in North America, and in the West India

JJlaruls and the Countries belonging to the United States of

America ; and between\ his Majesty s /aid Subjects and the

Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and also an Act, made

in the twenty Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston,

Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the

Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the

If and of Grenada, in the Port of Rofea in the If and of

Dominica, and in the Port of Nailau in the If and of New

Providence, one of the Bahama Ifands, under certain Re-

gulations and Rejlriftions*

39. An Act for the better Regulation and Government

of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this King-

dom.

40. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Refo-

lution or Order of the Governor General in Council of

Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue

thereof; and for granting further Powers to the said Go-

vernor General, during his residence on the Coasts of

Coromandel and Malabar.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund ; for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and for fur-

ther appropriating the Supplies granted in this SeiTion of

Parliament.

42. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been

concerned in advising or carrying into Execution a cer-

tain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a

limited Quantity of Saltpetre; for repealing the Duties

now payable upon the Importation of Saltpetre ; and for

granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

43. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the grant-

ing a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens

exported, and taking oft' the Duties on the Importation of

Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax ; to the import-

ing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in

America.; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of

British-made Cordage ; to continue and amend several

Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries

carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights ;

and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Uten-

fils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this

Kingdom ; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and

Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into

Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act

made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat

Skins into this Kingdom.

44. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned,

To far as relates to the ascertaining the Srength of Spirits

by Clarke's Hydrometer.

45. An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery,

by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured,

and exported.

46. An Act for the better regulating of Gaols, and other

Places of Confinement.

47. An Act to present other Ships than those laden with

Tobacco from mooring and discharging their Lading at

the Places appointed by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

Ati for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and for

granting new Duties m lieu thcri cj; to prohibit the Ex-

portation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for per-

mitting the Importation of Tobacco and Snuft' into the

Port of NeweajUe upon Tyne*

the STATUTES.

48. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-one.

49. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Publick Expences

occasioned by the Augmentation of his Majesty’s Forces,

in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

50. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-one,

51. An Act for better protefting the several Oyster Fisheries

within this Kingdom.

52. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed

in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Atl for further regulating the Trade

or Bujinefs of Pawnbrokers.

53. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

54. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend

an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Atl to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several

Atls of Parliament for regulating the Shipping and carrying

Slaves in British Vessels from the Coafi of Africa.

55. An Act for establishing a Company for carrying on

Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the

Coasts, Plarbours, and Countries of Africa; and for en-

abling the said Company to hold, by Grant from his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, and from the Native

Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly

called The Peninjula cf Sierra Leone, now vested in his

Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better

enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade.

56. An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds

committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of

combing Wool and Worsted Y arn, in the County of Nor-

folky and City of Norwich and County of the said City.

57. An Act for building and maintaining*a Bridewell and

Correction-house in and for the City and County of Edin-

burgh*

58. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of

the Company of Cutlers within the Liberty of Hallam-

shire, in the County of York, and within fix Miles of the

said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices.

59. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca-

nal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in

the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River

Severny near to the City of Worcester.

60. An Act for building a Bridge, near the Ferry over the

River Ouzey from Selby, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of

Hemingboroughy in the East Riding of the said County.

61. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widen-

ing, regulating, and improving, a certain Street called

The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Churchy

in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lancs,

Passages, and Places within the said Parish ; and for re-

moving and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and

Annoyances therein ; and for (hutting up Part of an Alley

or Passage leading from Bull Alley to Mary gold Court.

62. An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving,

cleansing, and lighting the Streers, Lancs, and other publick

PafTuges and Places within the King’s Town of Maidfoncy

in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing En-

croachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances

therein ; for better supplying the said down with Water,

and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of

Many lone*

b 2 . 63, An

L.

