294 C. 4.. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793'.

commit him

to Prifoa#

Publick Prison, or detain such Alien in such Custody as such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice may think

proper, until Notice thereof be lent, by such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, to one of his Majesty’s

Principal Secretaries of State, which Notice such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice is hereby required forth-

with to transmit, and until sufficient Time shall have been allowed for the Transmission of his Adajesty’s

Commands thereupon; and unkfs his Majesty shall thereupon, wunin ten Days in England, or fourteen

Days in Scotland, signity his Pleafuie that such Alien shall be discharged, or shall direct, in Manner herein-

after mentioned, that Inch Alien shall depart the Realm, it (hull and may be lawful for such Mayor, Ma-

g (Irate, or Justice, to cause such Alien to be committed to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize,

until he or fne shall be delivered by due Coune of Law.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Alien whom his Majesty shall not so

signify his Pleasure to discharge, who shall have refuted to exhibit his or her Passport, or who shall have been

found not bona fide proceeding to the Town or Place therein expreifod, or who shall have wilfully landed in

this Kingdom contrary to any Proclamation or Order in Council herein mentioned, and w'ho shall be law-

fully convicted thereof in his Majest/’s Court of King’s Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or

Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, shall be adjudged to suffer Imprison-

ment for any l ime not exceeding one Month, and at the Lxpiiation of the said Term to depart out of the

Realm within a Time to he limited in such Judgement; and-if such Alien shall be found therein after such

'Lime in such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cau'.e, such Alien shall, being duly convicted, be trans-

ported for Lite.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully

forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the fame

to be forged, counteifeited, or altered, any such Pafiport or Certificate as are by this Act directed, or shall

obtain such PaUborl* or Certificate under any other Name or Description than that which he or (hejhall have

declared to such Custom House Officer, or to any such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice as are herein mentioned,

or shall faifely pretend to be the Person mentioned in such Pafiport or Certificate, such Person or Persons shall,

for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in his Alajefry’s Court of King’s Bench, or any Court of Oyer

and Terminer, Gaol Delivery or Great Sc (lions, or in the Judiciary Court in Scotland, be adjudged to be

impriibned, and (lull be imprisoned in the Common Gaol for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months,

and at the Expiration of that Time to depart out of this Realm, within a l ime to be limited by such Judge-

ment; and if such Person or Pci Ions be found therein after such Time in such Judgement so limited, without

lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for Life.

Notice of tht XIV. And be it further eluded by the Authority aforesaid, That Notices of the several Regulations

Regulation* herein-before contained shall be printed indifferent Languages, and shall be affixed in publick Places in the

herein com lined different Ports of this Kingdom, and shall also be delivered by the Custom House Officers to all Foreigners

to se print d m on their Arrival in any Port of this Kingdom, in every Cafe in which it can conveniently be done; but that

d forem L*a- jt not \yZ necessory for the Conviction of any Alien offending against this Act to prove such personal

»ffi1fedV"the Delivery of the said Notices.

Port* ind delivered to Foreigners on their Arrival j but such Delivery not necessary for Conviction of OffVndrrs.

Alien* who:p

his Majestr frail

T>r»c order to be

dif^-haryed, shall,

on Conv:£lion,

he i*i pufoned,

tc.

Penalty on Per-

form forg’ng, Stc.

P*il>ort* or (so-

tirica ti.

A lie i* not de-

parting ihe

Realm when

ordered by hi*

Maso>y’s Pio-

clam^tien, m»y

be committed to

Gaol.

Penalty tm

Aliens d»fobey-

ing Proclama-

tiens.

Secretary of

State may grant

Warrants tocon-

du*t out o' the

Kingdom Aliens

he shall ap re-

hen i will not

obey Proclama-

tien!, Sec.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as his Majesty, his Heirs

and Succcfiors, shall, by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order in Council, or Order under

his or their Sign Manual, direct that any Alien being, or who may hereafter arrive within this Realm du-

ring the Continuance of this Act, shall depart this Realm within a Time limited in such Proclamation or

Orders respectively, and any Alien shall knowingly neglect or refuse to pay due Obedience to such Procla-

mation or Orders respectively, or shall be found in this Kingdom contrary to such Proclamation or Orders,

as the Cafe may be, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or for

any Justice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to cause every such Alien, so

neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, to be arrested and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County

or Place where he or (lie shall be so arrclted, there to remain without Bail or Mainpfize, until he or she shall

be delivered by due Courle of Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Alien fodisobeying or know*

ingly neglecting to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Orders respectively, or being found in ibis

Kingdom contrary to such Proclamation or Orders respectively, who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in

his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great

Sessions, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland, shall be adjudged to fufter Imprisonment for any Time not ex-

ceeding one Month, and at the Expiration of the said Term to depart out of the Realm, within a Time

to be limited by such Judgement, and if such Alien shall be found therein, after such Time in such Judgement

so limited,' without lawful Cause, such Alien shall, being duly convicted, be trail (ported for Life.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That it shall and may be lawful for any one

of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in Cafes where he shall apprehend that immediate Obedience

will not be paTd to such Proclamation, or Orders respectively, as aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand

and Seal to give such Alien in Charge to one of his Majesty’s Mdlengers, or to such other Person or Persons

to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her being conducted out of the

Kingdom, in such Manner as shall be suitable to his or her Rank and Situation; and that in case any Ex-

cule shall be alleged by any such Alien for not complying with such Proclamation or Orders respectively*

it shall and may be lawful for the Lords of his Majesty’s Privy Council to judge of the Validity of such Lx-

cufe, and to allow or disallow the fame; and luen Alien shall remain in the Custody of such Messenger, or

such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, until the Lords of his Majesty’s*Privy Council shall have tignifted

the.r Determination thereupon.

XVIII. And

hoodie

