271

A. D* 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 67.

the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland\ and written or printed according to the Form following, or

to the like Effect:

* N*

Day of

'T'HESE arc to certify that B. D. of . is intitled

4 to the Sum of ^ Sterling, being on Account of the

4 Wages of E. D. belonging to his Majesty s Ship

4 who has desired that the lame may be paid by the

£•

s-\ d.

€ If the fame shall not be demanded in nine Calendar Months, this Certi-

4 ficate to be returned to the Treasurer of the Navy, London.

4 To the Commissioners of

4 the Revenue in

* Ireland.

4 Signed O. P. Commissioner of the Navy.

4 Attested H. /. Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy.

4 By virtue of the Act of

4 George the Third.

* Ar. Z?. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Person entitled to

4 receive Wages of any Inferior OlTicer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or

4 Marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer

4 or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, -without Be-

4 nefit of Clergy, by an Act passed in Ireland\ George the Third.

* THE Officer to whom the within Bill is addressed is dlreflcd by A& pnfled in Ireland\ thirty

* George the Third, Cap. , to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and esquire into the Truth,

« by the Oath of the Person presenting the fame; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon

• the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward ; but if he shall not *be able to pay the

c Amount, from not having Publick Money sufficient in his Hands, lie shall note the Cause of his refusing

« Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within one Month at furthest from that Time, and shall deliver

4 back the Bill, so noted, to the Person presenting it. And if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners, it shall

4 appear that the Officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily delayed Payment, taken any Fee, or made

€ any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds/

And so soon as the said Certificates shall be made out and attested as aforesaid, the said Commissioner of the

Navy shall cause them to be cut asunder indentwife, through the oblique Lines, Flourffhes, or Devices, and

shall cause one Duplicate of the said Certificates to be delivered to such Inferior Officer, Seaman, Npn-

commissionld Officer of Marines, or Marine, requiring the fame, and the other Duplicate of such Certifi-

cate, to be forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

One of such Cera

tificate* to be

delivered tn the

Person requiring

it, and the other

to he transrnit*

ted to the Commissionen of the Revftiue in Ireland.

V. 4 And the more effectually to enable Seamen residing in Ireland to receive such Out-pensions as shall

€ be granted to them by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich,

4 in the most’easy and convenient Manner^ and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame/ be it

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said

Hospital for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and required, as ofte n as there shall be (Jccasion, to

make out, or cause to be made out, two Certificates for every such Out-pension granted by the said Com-

missioners or Governors to Seamen refidine in Ireland, which Certificates shall be Duplicates, and joined

together with oblique Lines, Flourifhes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Treasurer Qiall think proper,

and which shall be addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and the said Certificate, being

numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Treasurer or his first Clerk, and attested by the Steward or

Clerk of the Check of the said Hospital, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and

be written or printed according to the following Form, or to the like Lileft:

The Treasurer

of G>een»ic!«

Hospital to make

out Certificates

of the Out pen*

fion*of Seamen

residing in Ire-

land, in the fol*

lowing Form \

i* Geo. III.

N n

N*

