*54-

ported Into the

Port of New-

cafileuponTync,

under the Regu-

lation of Acts in

force on June

lo# 1791, &c.

Picamble*

From Aog. I,

1791, Persons

unlawfully

catching Oysters

or Brood within

the Limits of

any Fishery,

punishable by

Fine and Im

prifunnoent.

Act not to ex-

tend to the tak-

ing floating

JFito,

C, 47—51. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

recited Act {hall extend, or be construod to extend, to prevent the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into

the said Port of Nevucqjile, but that it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco and Snuff into the said

Port of Newcnjile.

IV. Provided always, That, on the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Newcastle,

the fame {hall be subject and liable to all and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions,

Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which Tobacco and Snuff are respectively subject and

liable by virtue of the said recited Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and imme-

diately before the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, on being im-

ported into any of the Ports particularly enumerated in the said recited Act; and all and every the Clauses,

Powers, Directions, and Authorities in and by the said recited Act, and every other Act and Acts of

Parliament in force, on and immediately before the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-one, relating to Tobacco and Snuff imported into any of the said enumerated Ports, {hall apply

and be put in full Force and Execution, with respect to Tobacco and Snuff imported into the said Port of

Nevocafth, as fully and cffcftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers, Directions, and

Authorities were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and all and every the Clauses,

Powers, Directions, and Authorities in and by the said recited Act, and every other Act or Acts of Par-

liament relating to'Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff

Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall also apply and be put in full Force and Execution, with re-

spect to the said Port of NewcajHc, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said

Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of

this ACt.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one. [3,500,000l.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the publick Ex-

pences occailoned by the Augmentation of his Majesty’s Forces in the Vear one thousand seven hundred

and ninety. [1,833,000l.]

CAP. L.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-one. [2,000,000l.]

CAP. LI.

An Act for better protefting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom.

4 \A7PEREAS the maintaining and preserving the several Oyster Fisheries of this Kingdom is a

great national Object: And whereas the Laws nowin being are not sufficient effectually to main-

4 tain and prtferve the said Fisheries, and to prevent the destroying of the Oyster Brood therein; in order

4 therefore the better to protest the said Fisheries, and to prevent the destroying of the Oyster Brood within

the fame, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by ai>d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this pretent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or

Persons shall, at any Ti ne from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

one, with or by Means of any Net, Traul, Dredge, or other Instrument or Engine whatsoever, take or

catch any Oysters or Oyster Brood, within the Limits of any Oyster fishery of this Kingdom, or shall

dredge for Oysters or Oyster Brood, or use any Oyster Dredge, or any Net, Jnltrument, or Engine

whatsoever, within the Limits of any such Fishery, for the Purpose of taking or catching Oysters or Oyster

Brood, although no Oysters or Oyster Brood shall be actually taken, or shall, with any Net, Instrument,

or Engine, drag upon the Ground or Soil of any such Fishery, all and every such Person and Persons

(other than and except such Persons as shall be the Owners, Leffces, or Occupiers of such Fishery, or

{hall be otherwise lawfully intitled to take or catch Oysters therein) shall be deemed and taken to be guilty

of an Offence and Mifdeincanor, and shall and tnay be prosecuted lor the fame by Indictment at the Assizes,

or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the County, Riding, or Divilion in which

such Fishery shall lie; and the Justices in Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine

all and every such Offence and Offences; and such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted by Verdict,

or by his or their own Confession, shall and may be punished for any of the said Offences, by Fine and

Imprisonment, or either of them, as the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be so convicted

shall think proper, such Fine not to exceed twenty Pounds, or be Ids than forty Shillings, and such Ini-

prisonment not to be for more than three Months, or less than one Month.

II. Provided always, "That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or

hinder any Person or Persons whomsoever from taking, catching, or fishing for any floating Fish in the

Waters or Creeks within the Limits of any Oyster Fishery, with any Net, Instrument, or Engine, which

shall be made or fitted for the Purpose of taking or catfching ligating Fish only.

1 III. And

