A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Geor,gi 1 III. C. 5^.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Board of Commi&oners shall be of Opi-

nion that the subje£fc Matter of any of their Deliberations concerning the levying War, or making Peace, or

treating or negociating with any of the Native Princes or States in India intended to be communicated in

Orders to any of the Governments or Presidencies in India., shall be of a Nature to require Secrecy, it {hall

and may be lawful for the said Board to fend their Orders and Inftrp&ions to the Secret Committee of the

said Court of Directors, to be appointed as is by this Act directed, who thall thereupon, without disclosing

the fame, transmit their Orders and Dispatches, according to the Tenor of the said Orders and Instructions

of* the said Board, to the respective Governments and Presidencies in India ; and that the said Governments

and Presidencies shall be bound to pay a faithful Obedience thereto, in like Manner as if such Orders and I11-

ftruclions had been sent to them by the said Court of Directors.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors shall from Time to Time appoint a

Secret Committee, to consist of any Number not exceeding three of the said Directors, for the particular

Purposes in this Act specified ; which said Directors so appointed shall, before they or any of them shall act

in the Execution of the Powers andTrufts hereby reposed in them, take an Oath of the Tenor following 5

(that is to say,)

44 f A. B. do fivear> That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement faithfully execute thefever al

44 Trujls and Powers repojed in me as a Member of the Secret Committee appointed by the Court of Directors

44 of the Vnited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; I will not disclose or make known

44 any of the secret Orders or 1hjlructions which ft)all be given, communicated or transmitted to me by the Commi)-

44 sioners for the Jiff airs of India, concerning the levying of War or the making of Peace, or Treating or negociat—

44 ing with any oj the Native Princes or States of India, save only to the other Members of the /aid Secret Com-

44 mitteey or to the Person or Persons who /hall be duly nominated and employed in transcribing or preparing the

44 fame respectively, unless I /hall be authorized by the said Commissioners to disclose and make known the fame.

44 So help me GODf

357

Board may fend

Orders to the

Secret Commit-

tee of Directors,

who /hall trans-

mit the fame

to India.

Direflors to

appoint a Secret

Committer,

who shall take

the following

Oath.

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by the several and respective Members of the said Secret Com-

mittee to each other; and, being so by them taken and subscribed, the fame shall be recorded by the Secre-

tary of the said Court of Directors for the Tine being amongst the Adtsof the said Court.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Secret Committee, in the Execution of their said Powers

andTrufts, shall find it necessary to employ any Person in transcribing or preparing any secret Dispatches,

Orders, or Instructions, required to be transmitted by them to India, under the Direction of this Adf, the said

Dispatches, Orders, and Instructions, shall be transcribed and prepared, either by the Secretary of the

Court of Directors for the Time being, or by the Officer called the Examiner of Indian Correspondence for

the Time being, and by no other Person or Persons, unless with the Approbation and Consent of the said

Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for that Purpose first had and obtained ; and that as well the

said Secretary and Examiner, as every other Person who shall be intrusted with the transcribing or preparing

any of such Dispatches, Orders, or Instructions, shall, before they respectively enter upon that Duty, take

and subscribe, before any of the Members of the said Secret Committee, an Oath of Secrecy as near unto the

Tenor and Form of the Oath herein-before provided and directed to be taken by the Members of the said

Secret Committee as the Cafe will admit; and the Members of the said Committee, or any two of them,

are hereby authorized and required to frame and administer such Oath accordingly, and to attest the taking

and subscribing of the fame by the said Secretary and Examiner, and all other Persons who shall be employed

by them as aforesaid, and to cause the fame to be recorded amongst the Acts of the said Court of Directors.

XXII. Provided also, and.be it further enacted, That when any of the Governments or Presidencies in

India shall be of Opinion that any of their Dispatches to Great Britain, concerning the Government of the

said Territories and Acquififions, or the levying War, or making Peace, or Negotiations or Treaties

with any of the Native Princes or States of India, shall be of a Nature to require the fame to be kept secret, it

shall be lawful for the said Governments or Presidencies respectively to address their Dispatches requiring such

Secrecy, under Cover, sealed with their Seals, unto the said Secret Committee of Directors of the said Com-

pany, for the Inspection of such Committee, and that immediately upon the Arrival of such Dispatches so

addressed, the said Secret Committee ot Directors shall deliver the fame or Copies thereof to the said Board.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, 'That no Order or Resolution of the Court of Directors of the said

Company, touching or concerning the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Territories

and Acquifirions in India, after the fame shall have received the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners

for the Affairs of India, shall be liable to be reicinded, suspended, revoked, or varied by any General Court

.of Proprietors of the said Company.

Dispatches of the

Secret Com-

mittee to be pre-

pared only by

the Secretary, or

Examiner of

Indian Corrref-

pondence, who

shall rake an

Oath of Secrecy,

Presidencies in

India ir*y fend

Dispatches to

the Secret Com*

mittee, who

shall deliver

them to the

Board,

Orders of the

Directors touch-

ing the Civil or

Military Co.

vernment of the

Revenues, after

Approbation by the Board, not revocable by the Proprietors.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole Civil and Military Government of the Presidency of

Fort William in Bengal, and also the Ordering, Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acqui-

fitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, shall be and are hereby

veiled in a Governor General and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency, subject to such Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions as are made, provided,or established in that Behalf in.this Act, or in any other

Act or Acts now in force, and not by this Act repealed or altered ; and that the whole Civil and Military

Government of the Presidency of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandely and the Ordering, Ma-

nagement, and Government of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues on the said Coast, and also so*

much and such Parts of the Territories and Possessions on th* Coast of Oriffay with the Revenues of the fame*

as

Governments

of the Prefi -

dene.es vested io

the Governors

and three Coun-

sellors respec-

tively.

C.ooooie

