C. 70, ft. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

S?8

Ships of War and

Privateers taken

from iheEnemy,

not liable to any

Duty.

Commissioners

of the Customs

may order Re-

payment of any

such Duties

paid.

Enuring the pre-

sent War, and

fit Months after,

she Lords for

Trade may,

when the Ex-

portation of Corn

Is prohibited,

allow an acdi-

th nal Quantity

to those specified

In 31 Geo. 1IT.

Cap. 30, to be

exported to (he

West Indies.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or VefTds of War, taken as Prize,

from Payment of Duty.—[nth June 1794.]

c ,\T7TIEREAS Ships taken by the Enemy, and condemned as Prize, with their Tackle, Apparel, and

4 ▼ V Furniture, (except Sails,) are now by Law subject and liable to Duty on the Sale thereof in this

4 Kingdom, or in case of Condemnation out of this Kingdom, on their first Arrival therein: And whereas it

4 is expedient that Ships of War, or Private Ships or Vessels of War, which shall be taken and legally con-

demned as Prize, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, should not be liable or subject to the Payment

4 of any Duty whatever;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Ship of War, nor any Private Ship or Vessel of War,

which shall be taken from the Enemy, and legally condemned as Prize, nor the Sails, or any of the Tackle,

Apparel, or Furniture belonging to such Ship or Vessel, shall be charged or chargeable with, or subje&or

liable to pay, any Duty whatever; any Law, Ctiftom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat in case any Duty shall have been paid ac-

cording to the Laws now in force for Ships or Vessels of the Description before mentioned, taken nncethe

Commencement of Hostilities in the present War, or upon the Sails, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of

the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more

of them, in England, and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, or any three or more

of them respectively, to order Repayment of such Duty so paid, and to cause the fame to be repaid in such

Manner as they the said Commissioners respectively shall judge proper.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in his Majesty’s Possession,

with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Bifcuic necessary for the Maintenance

of the Inhabitants of the said Islands.—[nth June 1794.]

4 TX/^B-EAS by the Conquest or Surrender of several of the French Islands in the IVcft Indies to his

4 ▼ V Majesty, the said Islands are now in his Majesty’s Possession, and other French Islands may be so

4 conquered or surrendered, and thereby come into his Majesty’s Possession: And whereas it is on that

4 Account expedient that Provision should be made for the Supply of such of the said French Islands as may

4 be jn his Majesty’s Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit necessary for the

f Adaintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands: And whereas the Quantity of the several Sorts of

4 Corn and other Articles as aforesaid, now allowed by Law to be exported to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies

in the West Indies, when the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom is prohibited, is in no Degree suffi-

4 cient for the Supply of all the IVeJl India Islands, including the said French Islands which now are or may

4 be in his Majesty’s PossessionBe it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-,

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, during the

Continuance of the present War, and for six Months after the Conclusion thereof, it shall and may be law-

ful for the Lords of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all

Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, whenever any of the several Sorts of Corn, or other

Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported from this Kingdom, to allow, in Addition to the Quan-

tity specified in the Table (C) of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

(intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn % and the Payment of the Duty an

Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Coni exportedJ as therein allowed to be exported to his

Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, (in which the Bahama and Bermuda or Somers Islands are

included,) and in the Manner and in the Proportions therein authorized and directed, the Exportation

from this Kingdom to the Colonies in the IveJl Indies, specified in the Lid Table (C), and to the said

French Islands which now are or may be conquered or surrendered, and thereby have or may come into his

Majesty’s Possession, the following Quantities of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit; that is to say, five thou-

sand Quarters of Barley, twenty thousand Quarters of Beans, twenty-five thousand Quarters of Oats, four

thousand Quarters of reas, five hundred Quarters of Rye, one thousand Quarters of Wheat, six hundred

Tons of Oatmeal, three thousand two hundred and twenty Tons of Wheat Flour, nine hundred and fifty

Tons of Biscuit, and twenty-five Tons of Groats, subject to the same Rules, Distributions, Regulations,

Conditions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures provided in the said Act* and to be recovered in the

Manner authorized and directed in the said Act.

CAP.

