A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 19—23.

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Im-

portation of Oak Bark when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate for a limited Ti?ne, which was

to continue in Force for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment; which Act was, by another Act, made in thoseventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, con-

tinued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment; and which Act, by another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

was revived and continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Beflioii of Parliament, shall be/, and the fame is hereby further continued for the further Term of five Years,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Uten-

fils, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to prohibit

“ the Exportation to foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures

iC of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufac-

<c tures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas/’ which was to be in Force until the End of the then next Sel-

fion of Parliament; and which by three Acts, made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-

ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session

of Parliament, shall be, and the fame-is hereby further continued until the End of the next Sessiomof Par-

liament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the

twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the

Dealers in foreign Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Pofejjum at a certain Time, upon

which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of

Excfe, as directs, that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the

Hydrometers,.commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Ex-

cife, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-eight, and which, by an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, was revived, and continued until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was,

by another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the End of this Session of

Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parlia-

ment.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers.

c< Act 3 George I. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, made since Sept, 29, 1717, to be good in

u Law, if inrolled before Sept. t, 1790. Not to extend to Deeds, &c. the Validity whereof has been

“ brought in Question before Jan, 1, 1790. Purchases made not to be avoided, on account of the Title-

4C deeds not having been inrolled, 15c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation

to any Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papift/’

CAP. XX.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol.

CAP. XXL

An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water,

CAP. XXII,

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneh and Carforfi in

the County of Sufolk.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for

the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Tear of his present

Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Pcjl, and by Time, to such Persons as should be

willing to contract for the fame.

u From Aug. 1, 1790, the Commissioners of the Treasury may let to Farm the Duties granted by the

w Act 27 Geo. 3. Cap. 26. but not for a longer Time than till Feb, 1, 1794, Powers of recited Act not

Ai hereby altered, to continue in Force.”

CAP.

*3

12 Geo 3.

Cap. 50. for en-

couraging the

Manufacture of

Leather, con’i-

nued for fire

Years.

26 George 3,

Cap. S9. to ex-

tend to other

Tools and Uten-

fils, 25 George

3. Cap. 67.

continued to the

End of the next

Session.

So much of 27

George 3.

Cap. 31. as di*

rests that all

Spirits shall be

deemed of the

Strength denoted

by Clarke’s Hy-

drometer, con-

tinued to the

End of the next

Session,

.by

