342

R<fc?ipts to be

piven foi Cepo-

fif, which may

be rffiijjnid, 4c,

Pppr-f^s of De-

faulters to be

forfehed.

f.ubfcrirtlons to

I c applied in

Jt-idu^ton of

Bond D'.bt« in

Great Britain,

fee.

Bond Debt when

reduced, not to

bs increa'edj

VM’huut the

.Approbation of

the • '■mmif-

firmer '(r the

AiFiiis uf lodia,

•Pubiidc Act.

A D'awback of

the Duti(r to be

allowed on ccr-

t. in Q^.»mities

of W.;n.j fer the

Cr nfumption of

$Gv.»l Officers.

On Proof of the

I>utirs h.iving

been paid, the

J)rjwbatk to be

all wed at the

Port where paid,

on the Wine be-

long delivered

int*. the Custom

Warehouse of

the fort of Ship-

ing, &c.

Drawback to be

allowed only on

C. 47, 48. ving Annoying tricesinfo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793-

XII. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as reasonably may be, after the Deposit or first Payment

{hall be made for the said additional Stock to be subscribed for, the said Company's Cashier or Treasurer shall

give a Receipt for the fame, and so from Time to Time as future Payments shall be made, which said Re-

ceipts {hall be assignable and transferable by Indorsement thereon ; and when the first Payment shall be made

on the said additional Stock to be subscribed for, as aforesaid, the Holder of such Receipts, on delivering up

the fame, shall have his or her Name entertd in proper Rooks to be kept by the said Company for that Pur-

pose, with an Account of the Capital Stock belonging to each Proprietor, in like Manner as the Accounts

of the present Proprietors of India Stock are kept.

XIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber or Subscribers, after

having subscribed, {hall fail in making all or any the Payments agreed, at the respective Times for such Pay-

ments, then and in every such Cafe the said Company shall and may take in Subscriptions for and fell the

Stock subscribed for by such Defaulter to any other Person or Pej-fons ; and all Depofus and Payments made

by such Defaulter or Defaulters, previous to such Default, {hall be forfeited to and become the Property

of the said Company.

XIV. And be it further enaCted, That out of the Monies to arise by the said Subscriptions, the said Com-

pany shall in the first Place apply so much thereof as shall be sufficient for the Purpose in reducing their Bond

Debt in Great Britain to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, and after such Reduction

made, or a sufficient Sum set apart and reserved for that Purpose, that the said Company shall and may apply

and dispose of the Residue of the Monies arising by the said Subscriptions in the Discharge of such other Debts

due or coming due from them as they shall think fit.

XV. And be it further enaCted, That after the said Bond Debt shall have been reduced to one million five

hundred thousand Pounds, as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company again to increase their

said Bond Debt in Great Britain beyond that Amount, except with the Approbation of the Board of Com-

missioners for the Affairs of India, for that Purpose in Writing first had and obtained ; and that the whole In-

crcnfe to be made to the said Bond Debt shall in nowile exceed the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds,

any ACt or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick ACt-

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to aliow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines con-

fumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on board Ships of

War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco, Duty-free.

[3d June 1793.]

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

passing of this Act, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise, paid on the Im-

portation of Wines into Great Britain, shall be allowed on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Ad-

mirals, Captains, or other Commiffoned Officers employed in his Majesty’s Service, for their actual Con-

fumption on board such of his Majesty’s Ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every Year, and so in Propor-

tien for any greater or lefsTimc: Provided that the Quantity of any Sort of Wines taken together shall not ex-

ceed, in any one Year, the Rate and Proportion herein-after specified; that is to say, every Admiral fix

'Pons, every Vice Admiral fiveTons, every Rear Admiral four Tons, every Captain of a first and second

Rate three Tons, every Captain of a third, fourth, and fifth Rate two Pons, every Captain of every Ship of

an inferior Rate than those above mentioned one Ton, and every Lieutenant and other Commissioned Officer

of any Ship of War half a Ton.

11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Admiral, Captain, and other Com-

missioned Officer, who shall have imported any such Wines for his Use or Consumption as aforesaid, or the

Merchant or other Person or Persons who shall supply or furnish such Admirals, Captains, or other Com-

miifioned Officers respectively, with such Wines for their Use and Consumption as aforesaid, on due Proof,

according to the Laws and Regulations in force on and immediately before the passing of this ACt, touch-

ing Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs and Excise, that Inch Wines have respectively paid the proper

Duties due and payable thereon, on^the Importation thereof into Great Britain, referring especially to the par-

ticular Entries inwards, shall be paid and allowed, at the Port where such Duties have been originally re-

ceived, the Drawback of the Whole of the said Duties so paid thereon, on the fame being delivered into any

of his Majesty’s Warehousls at the Custom House, into the Charge and Custody of the Collector and Comp-

troller of his Majesty’s Customs, at the Port from whence the lame {hall be intended to be {hipped or put on

board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War in actual Service, to be consumed as aforesaid ; and on producing

a Certificate or Certificates, in the Nature of a Debenture, from such Collector and Comptroller, of the Par-

ticulars of the Quantities and Sorts of such Wines so respectively received by them, to the Collectors of the

Customs and Excise of the Port where the Duties thereon were originally paid, such Collectors are hereby

authorized and required to pay and allow the full Amount of the respective Duties of Customs and Excise

which such Wines had paid on the Importation thereof: Provided always, That the said Drawback shall not

be

C. ooooie

