210

Exteutori to ob-

tain Probate* of

Wills in the

Manner herein

dite&ed.

Form of Check

to be fciven on

lodging Wills at

the Navj Pay

Office.

On Return of

Checks &c* to

the Pay Office,

the in pe&or to

BO‘e ihe Wage*

du'i and forward

the Will t» ;he

Prof":or, wiih a

Letter in the fol-

lowing Form :

C. 34. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Petty Officer* Seaman, Non-

commissioned Officer of Marine®, or Marine, belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty’s

Ships, has died, or hereafter shall die, and shall nave left a Will or Tdlament, appointing any Executor or

Executors therein, any Pay, Wages, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money, which may have been due or

owing to such Testator at the Time of his Death, shall not be paid Over to, or recovered by such Executor or

Executors, but upon Probates of such Wills, to he obtained in the following Manner, (videlicetafter such

Wills shall have been transmitted, inspected, and lodged in the Office of tee Treasurer of the Navy, as di-

rected by the afore-mentioned Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the In-

spector of Seamen’s Wills and Powers of Attorney shall issue, or cause to be issued, a Cheek in lieu thereof,

with Directions to return the fame upon the Testator’s Death, and to which Check there ihali-be subjoined a

Blank. Certificate, to be iigned by two reputable Housekeepers of ;he Parish where such Executor is resident

at the Time such Certificate shall be so returned to the Pay Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, certifying

that they personally know and believe that he is the Person described as Executor in the said Check ; and also

another Blank Certificate, to be iigned by the Minister of the said Parish, and two of the Churchwardens, or

two Eiders of the fame, as the Cafe may be, certifying that such two Per so ns who certified as above-mentioned

are resident within the Parish, and of good Repute and such Check anff Certificates shall be in the Form and

Words following, or to the like Effect:

4 N* CHECK.

4 Navy Pay-Office.

4 tT being directed by Ac^s of Parliament, twenty -sixth George III. Chap. 63. and thirty-second George

4 A III. Chap. 34.. That Wills granted by Perry Oinceis and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of

4 Marines, and Marine®, belonging to his Maj.tly’s Navy, shall be lodged in this Office, for Purposes

4 therein specified ; and that a Check shall be issued lor every such Will, mentioning the particular Heads

4 thereof, which, by virtue of the said Ad, shall Band in place of the fame;

4 This is therefoie iliued to shew Receipt at this Office of a Will, dated at

upon the Day of granted by A. B. now of

4 formerly of his Majesty’s Ship in favour of 6'. D. and appointing E. F. Execut I Jf,

4 and which is attested by G. //. and I. K. The above E.F. upon the Telia tops Death is entitled, upon

4 Production of this Check, to demand of this Office the Wages, Pay, or any other Allowances due to the

4 Deceased; and that the above-mentioned Will be directed and lent to a Proctor in Doctors Commons, to

4 obtain a Probate thereof, which is also to be lodged in this Office.*

4 '^’E hereby certify. That we personally know the above-described E.F. the present Holder of this

4 Check: and that he is an Inhabitant of this Parish.

4 L. M.

4 N. O.

4 Both Inhabitants of the Parish of in the County of

4 WE hereby certify. That the above L.M. and N. 0. are known to us, are Housekeepers, and J^rfons

4 of good Repute.

4 Witness our Hands,

4 At 1 P. Minister.

4 this Day > R. S. I Churchwardens 1

4 of J T. U. I or Elders. J

If the Testator dies after he leaves the Naval Service, a Certificate of his Burial, or some other authentic Proof

of his Death, must likewise be sent to this Office.

If the Execut | knows any ProCtor in Doctors Commons, | is desired to mention his Name, that he

may be employed in obtaining the Probate.

The above Certificates are to be filled up upon the Testator’s Death, and the Check to be sent by the General

' Poll, under Cover, directed to the Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, London? r

And the said Check having been with the Certificates duly filled up, returned to the Treasurer of the Navy,

or to the Paymaster of the Navy, in the Event of the Testator’s Death, and the said original Will having been

passed and stamped in the Manner specified and directed by the aforesaid ACt, passed in the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Inspector of Seamen’s Wills, or the Persons authorised to act for him,

shall note thereon the Amount of the Wages due to the said Deceased, and shall forward the said Will to such

Proctor or Proctors in Dolors Com?nons as aforesaid, together with a Letter addressed to the Minister and

Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Cafe may be, of the Parish within which the said Executor or Executors,

applying for such Probate of Will, shall then relide; and the Treasurer or the Paymaster of his Majesty’s

Navy, or the said InspeCtor, or either of them, shall frank the said Letter, so as to carry the fame, and the pre-

vious Commission or Requisition to be inclosed therein, free of Charge for Postage 5 and which Letter, so to

be addreflhd to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Cafe may be, shall be in the Words,

Figures, and Form following, or to the like Effect:

4N*

