i^6

No Keel, &c,

used in Carriage

cf Coah, in any

of the Places

mentioned in

the recited Act,

to he alreied

without being

re* a Jcneafured

previous t^being

uleri, on Penalty

cf Forfeiture.

Owners of Keels,

&c. so altered, to

give Notice

thereof to the

Commissionerf,

&c.

The Contents of

Keels, See. whose

Marks have been

accidentally re-

moved after be-

ing i* acted, may

be unloaded.

Penalty on Per-

fns removing

Ma’ks pm up-in

Keels, &c.

Preamble.

6 Geo. 3. c. 28.

C. 37. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

4 And whereas on Repair of such Keels, Pan Keels, Pan Boats, or other Boats, Wains, or Carts, as may

4 have been admeasured, marked, and nailed, in pursuance of the before recited Act, it may frequently

4 happen that the Marks or Nails are removed, either by Accident or otherwise, or such Alteration may be

f made in the repairing of such Keels, Pan Keels, Pan Boats, or other Boats, Wains, or Carts, as may

4 render the Contents of their Lading very uncertain, whereby great Injury may arise to the Revenue,

and to the Buyers and Sellers of Coals: And whereas the said recited Act extends only to Keels, Boats,

Wains, or Carts, which are new, and to infl

where

From July 5,

1791, Silk

Crapes and Tif-

0 inflict the aforesaid Penalty of ten Pounds in Cafes only

the Marks and Nails have been removed with a fraudulent IntentFor Remedy whereof, be itenadled by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from

and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, if any Keel, Pan Keel, Pan

Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, used in the Carriage of Coils, in any of the Places mentioned in the

said recited Act, shall, after the fame shall have been duly admxifured, marked, and nailed, in pursuance

of the Diregions of the said recited Act, be repaired or altered, whereby any such Keel,. Pan-Keel, Pan

Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, will be capable of carrying a greater or less Quantity of Coals than

before such Repair or Alteration, or in case any of the Nails or Marks placed in or on any such Keel, Pan

Keel, Fan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, in pursuance of the said recited A61, shall be removed so

that the Loading cannot be ascertained in the uftral and customary Way, whether any of the Nails or

Marks shall be removed by Accident, necessary Pvcpairs, fraudulent Design, or otherwise, such Keel, Pan

Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall not be again used in the Removal or Carriage of

Coals, until the said Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, {hall have been inspected

by, and re-admenfured, marked, and nailed, under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed, or to^e

appointed, by virtue of the before recited A6L under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of every such Keel,

Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, so used, together with the Coals that shall be laden

or loaded in or upon them respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cafe where any such Keel, Pan

Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall have undergone any Repair or Alteration, or any

Alteration therein shall have taken place by Accident or otherwise, so that the true Loading cannot be

ascertained in the usual and customary Way, or where any frefn Nails or Marks are wanting and necessary

in order to ascertain the true Loading of such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other Boat, Wain, or Cart,'

the Owner or Owners respectively, in case they intend again to use such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or

other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall give Notice in Writing to three or more of the said Commissioners ap-

pointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of the said recited Act (of whom two shall be principal Officers

of his Majesty’s Customs for the Time being) of such his or their Intention, who are hereby authorised

and required, within twenty-four Hours after the Receipt of such Notice, to give three Days Notice of

the Time and Place for re-admeasuring, marking, and nailing of such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other

Boat, Wain, or Cart, according to the Form and in Manner prescribed by the said recited Act for admea-

furing, marking, and nailing Keels, Boats, Wains, and Carts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the said Marks or Nails shall be re-

moved by Accident, and without any Intention of Fraud, after such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or other

Boat, Wain, or Cart shall have been duly laden, then and in that Cafe such Keel, Pan Keel, Pan Boat, or

other Boat, Wain, or Cart, shall be permitted to unload her or their Contents without Hindrance or Delay

any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or designcdly remove, de-

face or destroy such Ad arks or Nails as, by Order of the said Commissioners, shall be put upon the said

Keels, Pan Keels, Pan Boats, or other Boats, Wains, or Carts, or cause the lame to be done, such Per-

son or Persons being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, upon the Oath of one or more

Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay a Su;n not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings,

or in Default thereof be committed by the said Justice of the Peace to the Ho life of Correction nearest to

the Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor leis

than seven Days.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the

Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence.

4 tWHEREAS by an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to prohibit the Importation cf foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited 'Timej and for

4 preventing unlawful Combinations cf Workmen employed in the Silk Manvfafturc; it is, among other

4 filings, provided and ena6lcd, That nothing in the Act contained dial 1 extend, or be construed to ex-

1 tend, to any wrought Silk or Velvet which shall he* manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies,.

4 or to any Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy: And whereas it is expedient, that Silk

4 Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy should not be permitted to be imported otherwise than

4 directly from thence be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that if any Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of die Manufacture of

Italy

