A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 13, 14. 189

t

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal

Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an Annuity

on her Royal Highness during the l ime of her natural Life, to commence from the

Decease of his Laid Royal Highness, in case her laid Royal Highness shall survive him.

.4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament preamble*

4 VV assembled, being desirous of enablingyour Majesty, as well to make a suitable Provision for the

4 Establishment of their Royal Highnesses theJDuke and Duchess of York and Albany, as to carry into Effect

4 the Treaty entered into between your Majesty and the King of Prufjia upon the Marriage of their said

4 Royal Highnesses, respecting the Settlement to be made upon her said Royal Highness in case she should

4 survive his said Royal Highness the Duke; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted,’

44 His Majesty may grant to the Duke and Duchess of York, Annuities not exceeding j8,ooool. to com-

44 mence from July 5, 1791 ; and an Annuity of 8,ooool. to the Duchess, to commence from the Decease

4< of the Duke, and continue during her Royal Highness’s Life. Annuities payable out of the Consolidated

4C 'Fuhd, and to be issued at the Exchequer free of all Charges, Rates, and Assessments.”

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Sub-

jects of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to

the United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce car-

ried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the

said United States.

4 \\7 HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (inti- preamble.

4 VV tuled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the 2 Geo. 3. c. 39.

4 United States of America ; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better car- *

4 tying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said

4 United States \) which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April

4 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two : And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of

4 his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, AnAttto extend the Powers of an All, made in the twenty‘third Year 24 Geo, 3. c, 4.5*

4 of his present Majesty, 44 for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Com-

44 merce between the Subjells of his Majestys Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America

4 to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect

4 to certain Articles therein mentioned', the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to theTrade and

4 intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the fame

4 might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on

4 the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which laid last-mentioned* Act has also, by

4 several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

4 ninety-two: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Ma-

4 jesty’s Reign, so far only as the lame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this King-

4 dom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act

4 of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued May it therefore pleale

your Majesty that it be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the

People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act, made in the twenty-

fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue

and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand leven hundred and ninety-three, and till the End of

the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Geo. 3. c 49. to continue in force till April 5, 1793T

2 3 G eo. 3 c. 39,

so far as relates

to the Commerce

between this

Kingdomandthe

United States of

America, and 24

IL And be it further enacted. That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of Articles from

any Place, bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported afu p,ace bor-

from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall ^Vich

hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever niay^e'exp^md*

shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America7 into any of the Ports of this fiom this King-

Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue dom, if ejpo.ted

cf this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be im- contrary to Law,

ported ; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of ported from1 the

America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be United State* ot

allowed

