A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 75, 76.

Restrictions, Provides, and Conditions as arc enacted and -provided in and by this Act, in respect of any

other Mefltiages, Tenements, or Ground of the 1 ke Nature or Descriptions, belonging to his Majesty.

XIX. And whereas it may be expedient to permit the Leftecs or Grantees of Lands, Tenements, or

4 Hereditaments, under the Authority of this Act, to alien the Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, so

4 demised or granted, in Parcels, and for that Purpose to furrer.der the subsisting Lease or Grant thereof fur

the Purpose of obtaining distinct Leases or Grants of such several Parcels, reserving in the Whole the fame

4 Relit as shall have been reserved by such furrer.dered Lease or Grant, or more be it enacted, That it

shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccdTors, at any Time, upon Surrender of any liibfifting

Lease or Grant, to make any new Leales or Grants of the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in

Parcels; provided such new Leases or Grants be for the fame Term of Years, and there be reserved thereon

in the Whole the fame Annual Relit, or more, as was granted and reserved by such surrendered Lease or

Grant; and provided also, that such new Leases or Grants shall contain the fame Covenants as were con-

tained in such furiendered Lease or Grant, so far as the Subdivision of such Lands, Tenement?, and Heie-

ditaments will permit.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That this Act, or any Thing herein con-

tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Adanors, Mefihages, Lands, Tenements, 'Tithe?,

or other Hereditaments within the Ordering and Survey of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of

Lancaster, or to any of the Rents and Revenues thereof, or to any Le«de or Grant, Leases or Grants,

made or to be made under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lanceifler, or either of them ;

but that all and fmgular the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and other Hereditaments of

and belonging to the said Duchy, shall and may remain and continue to be granted and demised by his Ma-

jefry, his Heirs and Successors, for the like Terms, Estates, and InterePcs, and the Rents and Revenues

thereof, to be received and applied, under the Order and Direction of the Chancellor and Council, and

other Officers of the said Duchy, to and for the like Uses and Purposes, and in like Manner and Form, as-

before the passing cf this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Surveyor General of the Land

Revenues of the Crown for the Time being shall, and he is hereby required,-within thirty Days after the

Commencement of the Session of Parliament which shall be in the Year one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-seven, and also within thirty Days after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in every

third Year following the said Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, (without any special or

other Requisition to be made to him for that Purpose,) certify and report in Writing, under his Hand and

Seal, unto the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, what Leases or Grants shall

have been made of any Part of the said Land Revenue, from the Commencement of this Act unto the Time

of making the'first Report of the said Surveyor General, and from the 'Lime of making such first or any

subsequent Report to the Time of making the Report next following the fame, and for what Terms or

Dilates such Leases or Grants shall have been made, and also the Annual Value of the 'Fenements or He-

reditaments comprized in every such Lease, as returned on Oath by the Surveyor or Surveyors employed to

Purvey the fame, and the Annual Value of the fame Premises by the last preceding Survey thereof, (where

there shall happen to be a former Survey and Valuation of the fame in the Custody or Power of the said Sur-

veyor General,) and what Relit or Rents shall have been reserved on every such Lease or Grant, and what

Fines paid for the fame, and upon what other Conftderations such Leases shall respectively have been made

or granted; and also, so far as the fame can be done, the Rents and Fines which were reserved and paid

upon or for the last preceding Lease or Grant of such Tenements or Hereditaments, and also the Amount

of all Fee Farm Rents, or other dry, fixed, and unimprovable Rents, which shall have been sold by virtue

of this Act, within the same Periods respectively, and of the Purchase Money paid for the fame, and the

Amount of the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased therewith, and all such

other Matters and 'Things, touching or concerning the said Land Revenue, or any Part thereof, as to the

Paid Surveyor General shall Peem proper and necessary to be contained and Pet forth in such Reports.

XXII. And whereas by an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled,

4 An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free

4 from the Duty of PojlagcJ it is enacted, that, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hun-

4 clred and sixty-four, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office

4 of Postmaster General, shall continue to be made Part of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or Packets Pent

4 by the Post to or from any Place whatsoever shall he exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, except

4 such Letters and Packets as are therein particularly excepted: And whereas the Privilege of fending and

4 receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not by the said Act extended to the Sur-

4 veyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, who, by virtue of his Office, necessarily

4 fends and receives many Letters and Packets relating to the Public Revenue of this Kingdom Be it

therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said

Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue for the Time being shall and may send and receive Let-

ters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions, as other

Officers mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the

fame, in pursuance of the said Act.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for the better

Teeming his Majesty’s Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon.—[nth June 1794.]

34 Geo. III. 4G CAP.

5 91

Lease*- mwh?

[r j ol

lit CHI; giUCU-

e<l.

A.O rot to oftict

1 he lYweruf

the Chjj-o* lor

an<i Council of

the Duchy of

LancalUr.

Surveyor Ge-

neral ro .-e»tify

to the King anJ

the Parliament

what Leases

have ban made,

&c.

4 Geo. Ill,

Cap 24.

Surveyor Ge-

neral may fend

and receive

Letters free of

Pvftage.

