A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. C. 30. 97

Majesty’s Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; or to prohibit, at any Time, the Exportation of Beans to the British

Forts, Castles, or Factories in Jfrica, or for the Use of British Ships trading upon that Coast, which have

tifually been supplied with the fame from Great Britain; or to prohibit, at any Time, any Person or Persons

/rom shipping or putting on board, except as herein after provided, any Corn, or any of the Articles afore-

said, to be carried Coastwise, that is to say, from any Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the Kingdom of

Great Britain, to any other Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the fame respectively, having such or the like

Coast Sufferance, and Cocquet or other Coast Dispatch for that Purpose, and on such or the like sufficient

Security being first given for the landing and discharging the fame, as now is or may hereafter be by Law in

such Cafe required; or to prohibit the several Sorts of Corn and other Articles from being exported to cer-

tain Places out of and from certain Ports in this Kingdom, as described in the following 'l'able, marked C,

for the Purposes and in the Quantities therein mentioned, so as the whole Quantities to be exported within

twelve Calendar Months from every fifteenth Day of November, do not exceed the several Quantities therein

respectively limited.

or to Beans ex-

ported to the

British Forts,&c.

in Africa

or Corn, &c.

canied Coastwise

upon Sufferance

or to the Quanti-

ties of Corn, &c,

permitted to be

exported to cer-

tain Places men-

tioned in Table

C.-

TABLE C.

SHEWING the Quantities of CORN, and other Articles, that may be exported in One Year, to

certain Places, for the Suftenanee and Use of the Inhabitants thereof, from certain Ports.

To what Place. From what Port. Corn, and other Articles. Quantity.

Quarters. Toni.

Gibraltar — — London — — — Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Peale, not exceeding in the Whole — 2,500

Guernsey, Jersey, and Alder- ney — — Southampton «—> — Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Bif- cuit, or Pease, not exceeding in the Whole — — 9,800 mmm

Lie of Man — — f Whitehaven — — r } Liverpoole — — "S [^Kirkcudbright —£ Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Bar- ley, Oats, not exceeding — Ditto — Ditto — —- Ditto — Ditto — — 1,000 1,000 500

Saint Helena, Bencoolen, and the Company’s Settlements in the East Indies — 1 Great Britain, by the East India t r Company — j Wheat, Wheat-meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, not exceeding in the Whole — — 1,500

The British Forts, Castles, or Faflories, in Africa — r By the Committee of the ComO 3 pany of Merchants trading to > [ Africa J Wheat-flour, not exceeding —; Biscuit, not exceeding — — 33 lS

His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, in which the Bahama and Bermuda, or Somcr Islands, are inclu- ded — - TFrom such Ports, and in such Pro- f portions to each Island respec- 1 tively, and in such Proportions in each and every three Months, as 1 j {hall be directed by the Lords of<( ' his Majesty’s Privy Council, ap- 1 pointed for the Consideration of j all Matters relating to Trade and 1 Foreign Plantations — — Barley — — — Beans — — — Oats — — Oat-meal — — Pease — — — Rye — — Wheat — — — Wheat-flour — — Biscuit — — Grotts — — — 5.000 20,000 25,000 4.000 500 1,000 609 3, Z2® 95® 2S

The Bay of Honduras, or Coast of Yucatan, for the Suftenanee andUfe of the Bri- tish Settlers there — 31 Geo. III. f From such Ports as {hall be direct-! j by the Lords of his Majesty’s j ! Privy Council, appointed for the I 1 Consideration of all Matters re- f lating to Trade and Foreign I L Plantations J Flour, not exceeding — — Biscuit — — — Pease — — Oat-meal — — Barley — — — *»5 25O 50 2Q 2d

