C. 42, 23. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

-fit, by Oath of J*; “ftb°f

SSffSL

ferlciJ every Day. and parocuUTl^Ae I imes whei^Ihch Sh|p^or Ve^l &a^haj^e b^Mn^ht^f^aidjthf^

any wBe, or other Creature living in.he Sea shall

have been k 1 cd, taken or caught by the Crew of such Ship or Veilel; which Log Book, so to be kept as

nave ncen k. icu, . , s Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such

S o r V“ atteT^ fe-SnS . Report of tool. Ship or Veilel. to the Cplleflor of the Customs

attLLrtin ' Great Britain where such Ship or Veilel shall arrive, for his Mpeaion and Examination;

and the said Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or \ ellel, toge-

2r with the Mate thereof, shall, jointly and severally, verify on Oath the Contents of such Log Book before

such Collector who is hereby authorised and required to admmiltcr the lame. . . -

V And be’it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat

v Anu De u Kplont? to any Ship or Veilel in the Greenland t lflierv 1 rade, although such Ship

ctTeQbl be not fitted out under foe Regulations of the said recited Acts to entitle such Ship or Vessel to the

Bounty therein given, and whole Name (distingu.Qiing the Capacity in which the Person lo named is toad)

^ounty ti erem g \ hereby required to be delivered on 03th by the Owner of such Ship or Veilel

foJ h-Collkw of the Customs at the Port from which such Ship or Vessel is intended to proceed upon the

salt f iflicrvUwhich Oath such Collector is hereby unpowered and required to admm.fter,) shall be.mpreffed

from the fid Service; and that any such Harpooner, Line Manager, or boat Steerer may, during the Time

of t c Year that he or they are not employed in the said f ifhery,fa.l in the Colliery or Coasting 1 rade, upon

c vimt Security, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs that he or they will proceed ,n the

Sid Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Seas, or Da Straps, on the M'haleHfhery the next Season; and

that every Seaman or common Mariner who,during the Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to >erve on

Boa.d inv such Ship or Vessel which'shall be so intended to proceed on the fa.d Fishery whose iName shall be

infened in a List to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the

Commissione rs of the Customs, to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be pr.v. eged and exempt

from being impressed from or out of the said Service from the first Day of m each \ ear, until the

V ov\ve Home from thence shall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any Law, Custo,n,or Usage,

to the'eomrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend,

. f fmm heing imorcilcd any greater Number of Harpooners, Line Managers, and Lout Steerers,

and fa Boa. Steerc, s, and ightcao Seamc,. or — Mating

befongfog to each such Ship or Veilel of the Burthen of four hundred Tons, and so in Proportion lor any leis

Tonnage.

No Harpooner9,

&c. btrlo.ig*ng 10

Si»ips in the

Oieenland

f ifhery, thouiji

not fiatd cut lo

as to entitlethem

to Bounties u ri-

der the recited

A£)s, shall be

io prelfcd, and

mat, w hen not

employed in the

F ifhery, fail in

the Colliery

Trade, &c.

Seamen entered

for loch Ships,

exerr pted from

being impiefled

from Feb. i

yearly ro the End

of the Voyage.

Protection from

being impressed,

to exiend only

to the Numbers herein specified.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Boat used as and commonly called

A Whale Boat, belonging to any Ship or Veilel employed in the said Fishery to the Greenland Seas, or

Davis's Sfreights, or in the Fishery carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's

Streights, shall be liable to Seizure for or 011 Account of her Built, Dimensions, or Construction; provided,

on the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fisheries at the End of every Season, such Boat shall be laid up

by the Owner or Owners thereof, in such Place or Places as shall be approved of by the principal Officer of

his Majesty’s Customs of the Port at which such Ship or Veilel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made

use of in any Way whatever but i.i the said Fisheries.

VII. And be it further enadc-d by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Time for which any Ap-

prentice shall have been indentured to lerve on Board any Ship or Veilel employed in the last-mentioned

Fisheries, or either of them, shall expire during the Voyage of such Ship or Vessel, such Apprentice shall

be accounted and considered, to all Intents and Purposes, as an Apprentice for the whole Voyage, and

shall, on the Ship’s or Vessel’s Return from the said Fisheries, or either of them, be mustered accordingly.

No Whale Boat

belonging to

Ships in the

Greenland

Fishery, &c. lia-

ble to Seizure, on

Account ot her

ConftruFlion, if

employed in the

Fishrry only.

Apprentices

v/hofe Times

may expire du»

ring a Voyage,

to be considered

as such till the

End of the Voyage,

No Per Ton to he VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be deemed a legal A p-

a,enu.i a legal prentice, within the Intent and Meaning of this present Act, or of the said recited Acts, or either of them,

Appremice, if except such Apprentices who have become such previous to the pamng of this Act, unleis he shall be a oub-

SSSSfiTrf jetT of his Majesty.

line At , un.efs a Subject of lus Majesty.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in

the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An At! jor

tr ranting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be in Great Britain, the Service the Tear one

^thoufatal (even hundred and ninety-one; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named

in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, granting an Aid

lo his Mai fly by a Land Tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, the Service of the Year one /even

hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying such Persons as have sidedI as Commissionere for executing

the said Act, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land 'Tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, the Ser-

vice of the Year one thousand /evenhundred and ninety-one.

*3 C A i.

