536

Perform ag-

grieved may

appeal to the

Quarter Scfiiona.

Quarter $eflion6

may order Re-

compMK’f fur

Trouble of

County Trea-

iurrrs, &c.

34 Ceo. III.

Cap. 16. recited,

and Volunteers

may be beat up

Tor, to serve in

any Coniptny

xaifcd under it.

Volunteers to

take the follow-

inc

Oath.

Who may aj.

itFunilUf it.

C. 47—49. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III,

A.D. 1794.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by any such Order of any

Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid, it shall and may

be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Seffiops of

the Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City, or Place when any Demand, in pursuance of such

Order, shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and it

shall be lawful for the said Justices at such Sessions to award and order, where they shall fee Occasion, the

Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money which such Appellant, as Churchwarden or Overseer of the

Poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such Order, made by virtue of the said Act of the last Sessionof

Parliament, or this Act, and hath neglected to pay in Manner aforesaid.

V. And whereas the Treasurers of the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns, Divisions, and Places

in England neceftarily incur and have extraordinary Trouble, Labour, and Expence in transacting and ne-

c gotiating the Btifinefs and Duty of their respective Offices whilst the Militia is embodied and in actual Ser-

4 vice; and, as the Law now (lands, no adequate Recompence or Satisfaction in many Cafes,* is or can be

4 made or given to them for the fame Be it therefore enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Justices of the Peace for every County in England^ Riding, City, Town, Division, and Place, at any

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for each respective County, Riding, City, Town, Divi-

fion, and Place, to order and di’rest such Recompence and Satisfaction as they shall think just and reasonable

to be made or given to such Treasurers for their extraordinary Trouble, Labour, and Expences aforesaid,

for such Time and in such Manner as they shall think proper, to be paid or allowed out of the publick Stock

or Treasure of every such County, Riding, Town, Division, and Place respectively.

VI. And whereas by an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the

c Militia, certain Powers are given for augmenting the Number of the Militia Forces, to continue for a

4 limited Time P be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of the said Act, it shall and maybe

lawful for any Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person serving his Majesty, being thereunto authorized by his

or their superior Officer or Officers, to beat up in any City, Town, or Place for Volunteers, to serve as

Privates in any Company to be added to the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of any County or Riding in

pursuance of the said Act, without incurring or being liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for so doing; any

Thing in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great

Britain called England, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Volunteer who shall be inrolled and added as a Private to the

Establishment of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of any County or Riding, in pursuance of the said

Act of this Session of Parliament, shall take the following Oath:

44 T A. B, do sincerely swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance, to his Majesty King

44 A George; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within

44 the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the Continuance of the present War

44 with France, or for any lesser Time, until his Majesty shall order and direct my Discharge.”

Which Oath shall and may be administered by the Persons respectively authorized and directed to administer

the Oaths appointed to be taken by Persons chosen by Ballot to serve in such Militia, or by any Justice of

the Peace for the County or Riding where such Volunteer shall have been inlisted.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be ifilled and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commit-

sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.—[9th May 1794.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated

Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-four-, and for further appropriating the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.—[9th May 1794.]

%4 2,697,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer

44 Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax.

44 Tallies of Loan to be (truck, (Ac. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in Course. No Fee

44 to be taken for registering, (Ac. on Penalty of Treble Damages and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Pre-

44 ference which Orders of the fame Date brought the same Day are entered first, so they are all entered; nor

44 if subsequent Orders arc paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved todif-

44 charge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer

44 Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of the present Session; the Provisions of which Ad

44 (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this.

44 Bills and Interest, (Ac. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on

z 44 the

