A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 34.

who have sued out the fame shall immediately fend such Letters of Administration, or Probates of Wills, or

Letters of Administration with Will annexed, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster ofjiis Majesty’s

Navy, together with an Account of his or their Charges and Expences in obtaining the fyme, which said

Charges and Expences {hall not exceed the Sum or Sums herein-after allowed to be charged in the different

Events herein-after specified; and the said Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, upon receiving

such Letters of Administration or Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, shall

directthe Inspeflor of Seamen’s Wills, or the Person authorised to act for him, to issue, or cause to be issued,

a Check, containing the Heads of such Letters of Administration, or Probate of Will, or Letters of'Admini-

stration with Will annexed, as the Cafe may be; and the said Inspector, or the Person authorised to act for him,

shall notevthereon the Amount of the said ftroflor or Procftors Charges and Expences, provided the fame shall

be at and after the Rates herein-after allowed to be charged, and likewise specify and describe upon the said

Check the Revenue Officer or Clerk of the Check, reiiding as aforesaid nearest to the Administrator or Exe-

cutor so to be named in such Check, if such Communication shall have been made to him *, and in Cafes of

Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, granted to Creditors, he shall

also note upon such Check the Amount due to fuen Creditors, and which Check of Letters of Administra-

tien, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, so prepared, fhdl be delivered over by him to the said

Administrator, and which Check of Probate of Will shall be delivered over by him to the said Executor,

together with the Copy of the Will which had been transmiued to him by the Proctor or Proctors in Doc-

tors Commons, the said Copy being first stamped by the Inspector, if the said Administrator, or the said Act-

ministrator with Will annexed, or the said Executor, as the Cafe may be, shall be present or demand the fame

in Person ; but if he shall not be present, but be and reside at a Distance, then and in that Cafe the said In-

spedtor shall deliver such Check, and such Copy of Will, to the Deputy Paymaster, and which shall be in

the following Form, or to the like Effect:

‘ N° CHECK.

c Navy Pay-Office,• Day of

% tT being directed by Acts of Parliament, twenty-sixth George the Third, Chap. 63. and thirty-second

* A George the Third, Chap. 34. that Letters of Administration, and Probates of Wills, granted to the Re-

4 presentatives of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, belongs

c ing to his Majesty’s Navy, shall be lodged in this Office, as Vouchers to the Treasurer for Payments made

4 thereon, and that a Check shall be issued for every such Administration and Probate of Will, and Adminif-

* tration with Will annexed, specify ing the particular Heads thereof, which by virtue of the said A tl {hall

« stand in place of the fame ;

4 This is therefore issued to shew Receipt at this Office of

4 C. D. of in the County of

4 of A. B. late of his Majesty’s Ship dated

4 No

4 Remittance Bill to be addressed to at

AduiLnitliation. with Win annexed

1 Admin iii rat

Extcut

Adoxiuiflrat with Will annexed J

Day of

_ . I'Letters of Administration

The aforesaid with win »,«<! were sued out by

? Prodlor in Doflors Commons, whole Charges amount to

4 \To the Deputy Paymaster of the NavyP

6 I. P. Inspector.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Sum not

exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds shall be due for the Services as aforesaid of any Petty Officer or Seaman,

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, deceased, in order that the Widow, next of Kin, Creditor,

or Person named as Executor in any Will or Testament of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned

Officer of Marines, or Marine, may not be put to great Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspec-

for of Seamen’s Wills, after having taken the previous Steps to ascertain the Justness of their respective

Claims to Probate or Administration, or Administration with Will annexed (in like Manner as he has been

herein-before directed to take in Cafes of granting Certificates to Doctors Co?nmons for Letters of Administra-

tien, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, or for Probates of Wills) to issue or cause to be issued

a Certificate in the following Form, or to the like EfFedt:

c Act of Parliament, thirty-second Gcorre III. Chap. 34.

c N° C E RT 1 F I CA TE.

4 Navy Pay-Office, Day of

c HAVING duly examined a Claim presented to me as Inspector of Seamen’s Wills, £sV. by A. B. of

‘ . in the County of stating that £ is the ’

, of C■ D• ongmally of......................... and lately a | belonging to his Majesty’s Ship

and who died at on the

« If I therefore hereby certify. That I believe the Contents as therein stated to be true, and also that the ftid

« I r' jS7^nti!ltcl to receive whatever Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances of Money may be due to

me laid Deceased, provided the Amount thereof docs not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds.

* Remit-

pa (led, the Proc-

for ro lend them

ro the Treifuier

or P.tymaster of

the Navy, who

are to direct the

Inspeclor to issue

a Check, Sec.

Form of Check,

If the Sum due

exceeds not 10

the Inspefior to

iHue a Certifi-

cate.

Form of Certt-

.ficate.

