477

A. I?. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 103—116.

cap. cm.

An. Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Melton Mowbray Navigation, in

the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

CAP. CIV*

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of

Argyll.

CAP. CV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hemtmerfide Hill in the

ParMb of Ufoer/tont, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town of

Vlverftom aforesaid.

CAP. CVIv

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the

County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making

and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to Weft Hough-

ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or

near Bor wick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near Gale Moss>

gChorley,/* or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a Navigable

ranch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glajfon Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redneft

and Swinefteet, in the Parish of Whitgift, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (in-

cluding the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton

Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Button, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. CX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Caller, in the Township of Warmfield

cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of

Cawthorne, in the Weft Riding of the County of York; and certain Railways, and other Roads to com-

municate therewith.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and Wefthallam, in the

County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Naviga-

tien, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon j and also certain Collateral

Cuts from the said intended Canal.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the

Township of Rockwardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Sbravfbury, in the said County.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Ancholmc, in the Parish of South Kel-

fey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caiftor, in the said County,

CAP. CXV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Town-

> fiiip of Swinton, to or near the Town of Barnsley, in the Parish of Silkftone, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York \ and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the several Parishes of

Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln; and for preventing the fame

Marshes

