A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 5r

"fame, and all Costs incurred in recovering the fame; and the said Secretary for the Time being shall, and

he is hereby authorized under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to execute, on Behalf of the said

Commissioners, a Discharge and Renunciation of the said Money so paid or satisfied, to be prepared at the

Costs of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Satisfaction according to the Forms pr.elcribed by

Law for discharging and renouncing an heritable Debt or Incumbrance upon a real Estate in Scotland, and

that such Discharge and Renunciation shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person as Surety shall give any such additional Security as ,in

this Act is mentioned, over and above such Obligation or other Security for any Loan as is required by the

Lid Ad, and if any Payment shall be made of any Part of such Loan in consequence of such additional

Security being so given* and in Discharge thereof, every such Payment shall be deemed and taken to bp made

under the Obligation entered into by such Surety, anj in Discharge or in Part Discharge thereof, for the

Purpose of entitling such Surety, his Executors or Administrators, and such Payment dull intitle such

Surety, his Executors and Administrators respectively, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or

Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums

so paid or satisfied, and from the Co-sureties in the said Loan for the like Contribution as if such Payment or

Satisfaction had actually been made upon the Obligation entered into by such Surety \ and if any Person not

being a Party to any Obligation entered into by virtue of the said AC-, shall give such further Security for

any Loan as in this Act is particularly mentioned, and any Pay ment or Satisfaction of such Loan, or any

Part thereof, shall be made in consequence of such further Security being so given, and in Discharge thereof,

every such Payment or Satisfaction shall intitle the Party making the same, his Executors or Administrators,

to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors,

or Administrators, for the Reimbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, as if such Person had entered

into an Obligation as Surety, and such Payment had been made thereupon; and that in every Cafe of such

-Payment upon or in consequence of such additional Security, as well the Obligation or Obligations of such

principal Debtor or Debtors entered into by virtue of the said Act, as all and every the additional Securities

which may have been given by such principal Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, shall severally and re-

spectively stand and remain as Securities for the Purpose of such Reimbursement in the Manner directed by

the said A£1, in Cafes of Payment by Sureties upon Obligations, and until the Whole of the Sums so paid or

satisfied shall be fully reimbursed, and that such Proceedings shall and may be had upon any additional Secu-

rities given by such principal Debtor or Debtors for the Recovery of the Sums so paid for the Benefit of

the respective Parties making such Payments, their Executors or Administrators, as might lawfully have

been had for the Recovery of the Sums due and payable to the said Commissioners, notwithstanding the said

Loan shall have been fully repaid to the said Commissioners.

35i

If Saret’es give

additional Secu-

rity, and Pay-

ment of Loan:

be nude in con-

frqoence there )fp

it frail entitle

the Surety to

Remedy agaio/l

the Original

Debtor and the

Co-furetiers

and if Person*

notObIigees,gi»e

farther Security,

and like Pay-

ment be mide,

the Party mak-

ing it shall be

entitled to the

fame Remedy a*

if be had been a

Surety.

In case of such

Payment in

consequence of

additional Secu-

rities, the Obli-

gation of princi-

pal Debtors and

additional Secu-

rities given by

them to remain

as Secuities, kct

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act shall, and they are

hereby authorized and required to provide from Time to Time, such Warehouses or Places as they shall

-deem requisite for lodging and securing Wares or Merchandizes deposited with them at any Place not more

than ten Miles distant from the Standard in Cornhill, in the City of London, and that such Custody shall be

as valid and effectual as if the fame were deposited ia London, in pursuance of the said Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act shall, and they are

hereby authorized and required to receive any Applications made for the Loan of any Sum of Money less

than the Sum of fourthoufand Pound*, and not less than the Sum of two thousand Pounds, and to act

thereupon according to the Rules and Regulations of the said Act with respect to Applications therein men-

tioned; provided that such Applications for less than the Sum of four thousand Pounds shall tender a Se-

curity in Wares and Merchandizes to be deposited under the Directions of the said Act, to the Amount of

double the Sum applied for, and that no Loan for any less Sum than four thousand Pounds shall be made by

the said Commissioners, unless Wares or Merchandizes to the Amount of double the Sum so lent, shall be

deposited in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act-

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in the said Act made with Application to any Com-

mission or Commissions of Bankruptcy, shall be deemed and conllrued to extend to any Sequestration

awarded or to be awarded against the*Estate or Efteds of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, as fully

and effectually as if such Provision had been expressly applied thereto by the said Act.

Ccramifllonert

to provide

Warehouses

within 10 Mile*

of London.

Commissioner*

to receive Ap-

plications for

Loans not under

aoooo I. on Ten-

der at a Depoficj

of double the

Sum applied for.

Provision? ap*

plyingto Com-

millions of

Bankruptcy to

extend to Se-

questration against Estates of Bankrupts in Scotland.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared. That all Wares and Merchandizes which shall be placed

under the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excile in any Rooms, Warehouses, or

Places belonging to the Owner or Owners of such Wares or Merchandizes, in any of the Places mentioned

in the said Act for the Depolit of Wares and Merchandizes, and which shall be approved by the said Com-

missioners, as a Security for any Loan under the said Act, shall be deemed a Deposit of Wares and Mer-

chandizes within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Ad, and shall and may be kept and (ecured in the

Custody of such Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excile, in such Warehouses, Rooms, or Places of

such Owner or Owners respectively, as a Security for such Loan, and until Payment thereof, under such

Rules and Regulations as shall be from Time to 'Lime prescribed by the said Commissioners, and und. r

the several Restrictions, Conditions, Exemptions, Privileges, and Advantages, and as fully and effectually,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Wares and Merchandizes were deposited as such Security in the

Custody of the said Commissioners under the said Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given, from

and after the passing of this Act, by any Person or Per ions, either as Principal or Surety, who shall after-

33 Geo. III. 'Ll wards

Depolits in the

Custody of Of-

ficers of the

Customs or Ex~

cif*, according

to recited Act,

to be deemed a

Deposit by this

Act.

Securities of

Persons bsce 1-

ing Bankru^

