24°

C. 48, 49. ving Annoying tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792, -

Session of the

Peace and of

Oyer and Ter-

miner for Mid-

dlesex, not to be

discontinued by

the bittingof the

Court cf King’s

Bench, &c.

PubHck Act.

4 dred and eighty five, when any Session of Oyer and T erminer and Gaol Delivery of the said Gaol of New-

4 gate, for the said County of Middlesex, shall have been begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of any

4 Term, that the same Session shall and may be continued to be holden, and the Business thereof finally con-

« eluded, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day of any Term, or the Sitting of his Majesty’s

4 said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex: And whereas it

* is convenient that the Session of the Peace, and Session of Oyer and Terminer, holden before the Justices

* of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, should be held^as near as may be at the fame Time the Sef-

‘ fion of Oyer and Terminer ana Gaol Delivery of the said Gaol of Newgate for the said County of

1 dlesex is holden:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, -

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after

the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when any Session of the Peace and Sef-

fion of Oyer and Terminer, holden before the Justices of the Peace for the said County of , shall

have been begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of any Term, that the said Session shall and may be

continued to be holden, and the Business thereof finally concluded, notwithstanding the happening of such

Essoign Day of any Term, or the Sitting of his Majesty’s said Court of King’s Botch at Westminster,

or ellevvhere, in the said County of Middlesex ; and that all Trials, Judgements, Proceedings, Acts, Deeds,

Matters, and Things whatsoever, and all Proceedings, AcSts, Deeds, blatters, and Things, in pursuance of

such Judgements, had, made, and done at such Session, so continued to be holden after the Essoign Day of

any Term, or the Sitting of his said Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench at , or elsewhere, in the

said County of Midd/Jex,shall be good, valid, and eftedlual in Law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be

so, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5 any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be

a publick Act.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of

Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the twelfth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty, and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into

this Kingdom*

Preamble. c WHEREAS by an Act pa(Ld in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

Geo. 3.C, 50. 4 VV An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importa-

recited. 4 tien of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark fall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time, it is, among

4 other Things, enabled, That at ail Times when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under ten Pounds for

4 the Load of Hatch Bark, containing forty-five hundred Weight, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses in

4 the City of London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or when the Price of Oak Bark in the

4 Rinds shall be under two Pounds ten Shillings for the Load of Rinds, containing thirty Yards, when the

4 fame are set three Rinds thick with two Skirts and a Cover, delivered at the Buyers Warehouses within

4 the City of London, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, then, and in either of these Caies, no Oak Bark what-

4 soever shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that Quercitron or

4 Black Oak Bark should be allowed to be imported from Countries not in Europe for the Purpose of dying,

4 even when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Prices mentioned in the said recited Act:’ Belt

therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Quercitron may the fame, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall

fee imported from an(j may ]awfui for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain in British- built Ships,

in Europe In owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, from any Country not in , Quercitron or Black

Calks not left Oak Bark for the Purpose of dying, although the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Prices mentioned in

than 1501. the said recited Act; provided that such Quercitron or Black Oak Bark be imported in Calks only not lese

Weight, though t]ian one hundred and fifty Pounds net Weight at the least.

the Price of Oak

Bark may be under the Prices mentioned in the recited Act.

»7 Geo. 3. c, 13.

ice i red.

II. 4 And whereas by an Acct passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 tituled. An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting ether Duties in lieu there*

4 of and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compo/ing the publick Revenue; for per-

4 mitting the Importation of certain Goods, JVurcs, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the Eu-

4 ropcan Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, re-

4 maining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt;

4 Red Mangrove Bark is subje£t to a Duty, on Importation into Great Britain, of twenty-seven Pounds ten

4 Shillings for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof; and all Oak Bark is subjetft to a Duty, on Im-

4 portation into Great Britain, of one Penny the hundred Weight: And whereas it is expedient that Red

4 Mangrove Bark should be allowed to be imported, on Payment of a Duty only of two Pence for every

4 Hundred Weight thereof, and that Quercitron or Black Oak Bark should be subject to a Duty, on Importa-

4 tien into Great Britain, of two Pence the Hundred WeightBe it therefore enacted by the Authority

1* aforesaid.

