A.D. 1792* Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 51, 52. 245

II. Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to any Letter or Correspondence parting between

Persons who arc Residents of the fame Town, City, or Place, nor to any Letter or Correspondence, written

orfo parting as aforesaid, between Persons not, at the Time of writing or fending thereof, at the actual Dis-

tance of fifty Miles from each other.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Letters as aforesaid, which have heretofore parted between

such Persons as aforesaid, may be given in Evidence In any Court of Law or Equity ; any Thing in the said

recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A& not to ex-

tend to the Cafet

herein men*

tioned.

All Letters

which have

passed between

PerforH 2s afore*

said may be given in Evid:nce.

CAP. LII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the

shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast-of Africa.

\U HEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-furt: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- pfCamb.’e.

4 VV tilled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Art made in the la ft Session of Par- 31 Geo. 3. c. 54

4 liumrit, intituled, An Act to amend, and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for rc- ieciicd,'

41 gulatwg the ft'if ping and carrying Slaves in British Tejfeis from the Coaji of Africa And whereas it is ex-

4 pedient to continue the said Act for a limited Time;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any No VefTe! detr-

AMeror other Person talcing or having the Charge or Command of any British) Ship or Veil'd whatever, i^gout from

which Avail clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, from and after the first Day of August one thousand Great B,ltain>

seven hundred and ninety-two, to have on Board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport fro^AfricaVn

Slaves from the Coall of Act ica to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Veil'd, in any greater Number greater Numb.rt

than in the Proportion of live such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far than herein tye-

as the faui Ship or Vciill shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of one such Slave for cified»

every additional 'Eon of such Ship or Veiled over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons;

or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Indies in Height, in any greater Number than in the Pro-

portion of one Inch Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Veiled, so far as the said

Ship or Veilel ih ill not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover ot three such Male Slaves, who

shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional live 'Eons of such Ship or Veilel,

over and above the fa d Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship or Veiled shall be VefT-Ji to be

deemed and taken to be oi such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of deemed of the-

the Regillry of each and every such Ship or Veiled, granted in pursuance of an Act made in the twenty- Tonnage jet

sixth Year of the Reign of his prtlent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the father I tier case and Encouragement Certificates*©^

if Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Mailer, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Com- Registry#

mand of any ftch Ship or Veiled, shall act contrary hereto, such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall MalWi of Vef_

forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such Slave, fci, to forfeit

exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, 30I. for every

his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go taany Person or Persons who shall full sue for Siave-exceeding

the fame: Provided always. T hat if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts

of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in [Light, then every five r*

such Children over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two Fifths shall be deemed and taken to be equal J^pifthsof the-

ta four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always. That nothing slave*be chil-

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Cafe of a Ship taking on Board any Number dren, five of

of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on Board any other Ship or Veilel where, by reason of the Surplus robe

Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual equal*°

Distress of the Veilel, the Matter or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing ourSlavcs»

the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Ve fi-

fe! so taking on Board such Slaves.

41 Matters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to declare upon Oath, before the Officer

44 of the Customs, the Burthen of the Vessel, &c. and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500/.

44 Officers of the Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on Board such Vessels, &£• on Penalty of 500/.

44 Where there is no Officer of the Cullorn?, any Civil Officer to receive the Oath of the Matter, CY.

44 No Veilel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, and unless the Surgeon give

44 Bond to keep a journal of the Slaves during the Voyage; which Journal is to be delivered to the Officer

44 of the Customs, at the first British Port of Arrival, dsY. Officer to deliver to the Matter a Copy of his

44 Oath, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the

44 Cuttcirs. Matters or Surgeons act ng contrary hereto, to forfeit 100/. If Penalty on Matters be not

*4 paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be leized and fold. Penalties may be sued for, in any Vice

44 Admiralty Court in America or the /Ttjl Indies, where the Offence shall be committed, or the Cargo dif-

44 poled of; or in any Court of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland. The upper and

44 lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves, &c. If any Person take the

44 Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he and also the Owner shall forfeit 500 L

44 No Insurance to be made against any Loss, except the Perils of the Sea, life. No Vessel to be cleared out

44 that has not a Surgeon who has parted his Examination, CV. If the Officer at the Port of Discharge shall

44 be

Goo gle

