A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo fecundb (Jeorgii III. C. 73—78. 283

and shall be lodged in the Office of one of the Matters of the High Court of Chancery, to be nominated and

appointed successively from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, by the said Lord High Chancellor;

and the Matter in Chancery so to be appointed is hereby required to receive and preserve the fame.

II: And be it further enacted, That the said Packet shall not be removed from the Care and Custody of the Packet Inclosing

said Matter on any Account or Pretence whatever, except by the Order of the said Lord High Chancellor |[j)cnS^e0ct‘^ar

for the Time being; who shall have Power, and is hereby enabled to call for and have the fame whenever there rlmov°dVrdmC

{hall be Occasion to have Recourse thereto, either on Account of Application being made for Patents for the place where

other Discoveries or Inventions which there may be Reason to apprehend may be of a Nature similar to the it (halt be depo-

foid Invention and Discovery, or on Account of any Trial at Law in any Part of Great Britain respecting the fl » but *>y °r-

some, or in any other Cafe in which it may be judged by the said Lord High Chancellor necessary or proper ^[lorlheCnan"

to inspect the fame; in all which Cafes the Seal of the said Packet {hall and may be broken by the said Lord Ci or*

High Chancellor; and after such Use {hall have been made of the said particular Description or Specifica-

tien, as Occasion {hall require as aforesaid, the fame {hall be again sealed up in Manner aforesaid, and depo-

sited with a Matter in Chancery as before tliredled, in whose Care and Custody, or in the Care or Custody

of his Successor to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, such Packet shall remain, until the Expiration

of the Term of fourteen Years in the said Letters Patent mentioned; at which Time the said particular

Description and Specification shall be inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, and in the said Chancellary, in

Manner directed and required by the Proviso contained in the said Letters Patent, there to be and remain

Publick for the Benefit of all his Majesty’s Subjects; and the said Matter in Chancery in whose Care and

Custody the fame {hall then be, and the said Joseph Booths his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Af-

iigns are hereby directed and required to cause the fame to be inrolled accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Delivery of the said particular Description or Specification in Delivery of tho

Manner aforesaid, {hall be held, deemed, and taken as a full and sufficient Performance of the above men- Specification

tioned Proviso in each of the said Letters Patent, which thereupon shall be as good, firm, valid, sufficient, bedeemtda

and effectual in the Law, as if the said particular Description or Specification had been actually inrolled with- Compliance

in the Time limited as aforesaid, in the said Court of Chancery in Great Britain, and in the said Chancel- with the Proviso

lary in Scotland, respectively; any Thing in the said respective Letters Patent contained to the contrary in the Patent,

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas humble Application hath been made to his Majesty by the said Joseph Booth for fur- Delivery of SPe-

4 ther Letters Patent, granting to him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of four- cificarion agree.

4 teen Years, the foie Use, Benefit, and Advantage of his said Invention and Discovery, not only in Great

4 Britain, but also in all his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations Abroad: And whereas his Majesty has been comepijtnCe

4 graciously pleased to sign a Warrant accordingly, dated the fourth Day of June, in the Year aforesaid, with the Proviso

€ with a Proviso as to the Inrollment of the particular Description of the Nature thereof;’ be it therefore fur- in any further

ther enacted, That the Delivery of the particular Description or Specification required by such further Let- Patent*

ters Patent, as {hall be granted as aforesaid, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and under the Seal ap-

pointed to be used in lieu of the Great Seal of Scotland, {hall and may be made in Manner aforesaid, and

such Delivery thereof, within the Time'.to be limited in such Letters Patent, shall be held, deemed, and taken

as a full and sufficient Performance of such Proviso contained in such further Letters Patent, which there-

upon {hall be as good, firm, valid, sufficient, and effectual in the Law, as if such particular Description or

Specification were actually inrolled, in the Manner specified in such further Letters Patent.

V. And* be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and judici- Publick A$.

aHy takert notice of as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and

for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of IVbitebavert, in the County of Cumberland*

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencejfer9 Crow-

thorne and Minty, Brightwells Barrow, Rapfgate, Bradley, Bijley and Longtree, commonly called The

Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester*

CAP. LXXV III.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, anil otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Paf-

sages and Places, within the Borough of Derby; and for felling a certain Piece of Watte Ground, situate

within the said Borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements.

c CAP.

