A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 69.

{hall have been then recovered, amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor’s

respective Debts; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an

Account of such Debtor’s Estate, and make Oath in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Town, Liberty, or Place in which any such Debtor dial 1 have

been discharged, that every such Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and Effects of every

such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and

that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the

making of every such Dividend shall be published, in like Manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is herein-

before directed to be published, thirty Days at least before the fame shall be made; and no Creditor shall be

allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his

respective Debt by Oath, or due Proof, in Writing, before some Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of

such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then

the fame, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Juf-

tices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged

to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act, at their next General or Quarter Session, and what they shall

there determine in the Premises shall beconclusive to all Parties; and if, after Payment of all such Debtor’s

Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain, after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the fame

shall be paid to such Debtor, his Executors or Administrators.

XIV. 4 And, for obviating any Doubts which may otherwise arise how far the several Powers and Autho-

4 rities by this Act veiled in or given to Clerks of the Peace may be lawfully done, exercised, or performed

4 by the Deputy or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster (the said Office

4 of Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine being held by Letters Patent from his Majesty, with

the Power of executing the fame by Deputy or Deputies)be it further enacted and declared, That all Af-

Lignm'ents and Conveyances of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, and all other Acts, Deeds,

Matters, and Things which shall be done, exercised, or performed in the'Execution of this Act by any De-

puty or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or by the Person or

Persons who, for the Time being, shall exercise and perform the Trusts and Duties of the said Oflice within

and for the said County Palatine, shall be of the fame Force, Validity, and EffedI in the Law, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if the fame had been done, executed, or performed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said

County Palatine o$ Lancaster for the Time being.

XV. 4 And, to the Intent that no Lois may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omif-

4 fion in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Estate, Real or Personal, belonging to any Debtor who

4 shall apply for his or her Discharge, under the Authority of this Adibe it enacted, That all the Estate, whe-

ther Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she, or they shall be

actually possessed at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Estate

contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like Manner become veiled in the Clerk

of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been

contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which

the Insolvent never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from his

Estate.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, ThafiitCafe of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right,

Title, Interest, or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors shall have vested by the Authority of this Act, every such

Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such

Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as

the Cafe maybe, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provisions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall bcjzommenced by 3ny

Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor’s Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Va-

lue of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the London

Gazette for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk,

or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, of every respective County, City, and County Town, and

County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the Estates of any

Insolvent Debtor or Debtors shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other

Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Credi-

tors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or

Creditors, or hisor their Attorney, in the Day-time, the Schedule of the Estate of any such Insolvent Debtor

or Debtors, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as

Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecefior in that Office; and that a Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the

Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the fame

shall be, or his Deputy, purporting to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on Stamped

Paper, shall at all Times be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the fame; and if any

Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, T own Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on rea-

4 D 2 sonable

569

making up their

Accounts and

verifying them

cn Oath.

Thirty Day* No-

tice of making

Dividend to be

given.

None to share

till they have

proved their

Debts.

Reality of Debts

may be inquired

into at the Sef*

fions.

Surplus of Ef-

fedls to be paid

the Debtor.

Powers of Clerk

of the Peace to

extend to the

Deputy Clerks

for the County

of Lancaster,

Estates of Debt-

ors not inserted

in Schedules to

be veftrd in

Clerks of the

Peace.

Securities with-

out valuable

Consideratiom

void.

Estates to be

vested in the

Cle<k of the

Peace for the

Time being.

NoSuitin Equi-

ty to be com-

menced without

Consent of Ma-

jority, in Value,

of Creditors.

Schedules to be

produced by

Clerks of the

Peace to Credi-

tors;

and signed Co-

pies to be Evi-

dence.

Clerk of the

Peace refusing

to produce Sche-

