Co the Duty of

3d. per Cwt.

• A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Geoelgii III. C. 43. 145

^)f his or their Privy Council, to authorise and permit the Matter General of the Ordnance to import, for Ordnance to jm-

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Whole of such respective Quantities of Saltpetre, as P°rt ,r* '

the Cafe may be, or so much thereof, the Produce or Manufacture of any Country whatsoever, fuojeit to Ca the u,v 0

the said Duty of three Pence per Hundred Weight, as shall be sufficient to make the Quantity reserved and

delivered into the said Stores amount to the respective full Quantities of Saltpetre, as the Cafe may be,

herein-before required,

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of

British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of so-

reign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax* to the importing Sale from Europe into the

Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Bri~

/^ft-made Cordage ; to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encourage-

ment of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights ; and to

the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and

Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom ; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and

Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to

make perpetual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his prefect Ma-

jesty, to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom.

€ WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

‘ VV and are near expiring:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of {he Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That an Adl, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-

cond, intituled, An Act for framing a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and

taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarn ?nade of Flax ; which said Act was by

two other Acts, made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and

continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by two other Acts, made in the twenty-

seventh and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province tf/'Quebec

in America, for a limited Time, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term of one Year, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament, and which was by four Acts, made in the sixth, thirteenth, twentieth, and

twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Atl for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Br\t\(h-made

Cordage; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, which waN to be in force

from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, during the Term cf five Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of

three Years, and which by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

was further continued for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, was further continued for the Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Sefllion of Parliament, so far as the fame relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-

made Cordage; and which by another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, was revived, amended, and further continued for the further Term of four Years, and from

thence to the End of the then*next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued

for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Atl for the further Support and Encouragement of the

Fijhiries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, which was to be in force for five Years

from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six ; and also so much of

31 Geo. HI. U an

Preamble#

29 Geo. 2. c.

15. for gi anting

a Bounty on cer-

tain Species of

Britirti and Irish

Linens export-

, &c. continu-

to June 24,

1792, &c.

4 Geo, 3. c. i2,

for importing

Salt into Quebec,

continued until

June 24, 1795.

6 Geo. 3. c. 45.

so far as relates

to granting a

Bounty on Ex-

portation of Bri-

tiih-mace Cord-

age, which was

revived by 26

Geo. 3. c. 85.

continued lor 4

Years.

26 Geo. 3. c.

41. for the En-

couragement of

th; Greenland

Fi/bery, arid

