A. D-. 1793. Anno trice/imo tertio Georgii III. C. 52. 371

may by Law be imported by Individuals into Great Britain on their private Account, without incurring any

Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof, any Law or Statute to tire contrary notwithstanding.

XC VI, And be it further enacted, That if upon any Rcrpresentation made to the Court of Directors of the

said Company, by or on the Behalf of any private Traders, of the Want of a fuflicrent Number of Persons

in the East India, duly authorized and properly qualified to act for them in the Dispoial of their Cargoes,

, and the Purchase and Inveflments of Goods in return for the fame, the said Court (hall-tail to license a fur-*

ther Number of Persons to reside in India in the Character of Free Merchants, to the Satisfaction of the said

private Traders, it shall and may be lawful for the said Traders to represent the fame to the Board of Com-

roissioners for the Affairs of India, and that the said Court of Directors Dull thereupon license a proper and

sufficient Number of Persons to reside at their Settlements in the East Indies, in the Caarader of r rce Mer-

chants, with the Approbation of the said Board.

XC VJLI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That the Officers and Servants of the said

Company, and all other British Subjects, during their Refi'dence in India, notwithstanding their being em-

ployed to act as Agents, Fadors, or Managers for private Traders, shall continue amenable and subject to the

rowers and Authorities of the said Company and their Governments in India, in the like Manner as if they

had not so acted, or had not been so employed, any Tning in this Act contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XC V III. And be it further enacted, That during all such Time as the said Company shall be entitled to

the said exclusive Trade, subject as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any British Subject or Subjects in the Ser-

vice of the said Company, or licensed by them to go to or to live or continue in Indiay to reside in any other

Place there than in one of the principal Settlements of the said Company, or within ten Miles of such princi-

pal Settlement, without the special Licence of the said Company, or of the Governor General, or Gover-

nors of such principal Settlement, in Writing for that Purpose first had and obtained ; nor shall any such

British Subject or Subjects go to or continue beyond the Limits aforesaid for any longer Space of Time, or at

any other lime or Times respectively, than shall be specified in his or their Licence or Order of Leave in

that Behalf, on Pain of being dismissed the Service of the said Company, and forfeiting to the said Company

such Wages, Salaries, and Allowances as shall be due by the said Company to the Person or Persons so of-

fending, and of his or their Licence or Licences to continue ot reside in India.

XCIX. 4 And whereas, by virtue of the said Act made in the ninth Year of King William the Third, the

4 said Company is entitled to receive a Duty of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the true and real

4 Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies^

J or other Parts within the Limits of their said exclusive Trade, imported or brought into this Kingdom in pri-

vate Trade, towards defraying certain Charges in the said Act mentioned and specified: And whereas the

4 said Company have, over and besides the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum, been accustomed to charge

4 and retain, for their own Use, after the Rate of two Pounds ter Centum on the grols Sale Amount of all

4 .Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported into this Kingdom from the East Indies in private Trade, in

4 Recompence and Satisfaction for the Charges and Expences of unshipping and felling the fame, and other-

4 wife in the Care and Management thereof: And whereas, for the Encouragement of the said private T rade,

4 it is deemed expedient that the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum should be repealed, and the said Charge

4 of two Pounds per Centum discontinued; and that the said Company should be .entitled to receive in lieu

4 thereof respectively, to recompence them from the said Charges on private Trade, after the Rate of three

4 Pounds for every hundred Pounds on the true and real Value or gross Sale Amount of all Goods imported

4 from the East Indies in private Trade, including the Duties and Charges payable in respect thereof:’ Be it fur-

ther etiaded, That from and after the first Day oiMarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the said

Duty of five Pounds per Centum granted by the said Act shall be repealed, and the said Charge of two Pounds

p€r Centum discontinued, and that in lieu thereof respectively there shall be rendered and paid to the said Com-

pany, during their further Term by this Act granted in the said exclusive Trade, a Duty or Allowance after

the Kate of three Pounds per Centum on the gross Sale Amount of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes im-

ported or brought into this Kingdom from the East Indies in private Trade, including in such Value orAmount

all Duties and Charges payable in respect thereof, the fame to be paid by the Owners thereof, or otherwise to

be retained by the said Company out of the Proceeds of such Goods, in Satisfaction and Discharge of the Ex-

pences to be incurred by the said Company in theunlhipping, Hoyage, Cartage, Warehouse Room, sorting,

lotting, and felling the said Goods, or in any other Manner concerning the fame, over and above the,

Freight becoming due for the Carriage thereof by virtue of this Act; and that no other Charge, beyOnd the

said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum, by this Act granted, shall be made by the said Company in re-

spedt to the Expences attending the said private Trade, the Freight for the Carriage thereof only and always

excepted.

. C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Repeal shall not extend to release the Pay-

ment of the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum or the said Charge of two Pounds per Centum on any Goods,

Wares, or Merchadize which shall be Drought Home and imported in any of the Ships of the said Company, or

in their Service from China, nor to affect any Covenants or Engagements now subsisting or hereafter to be nude,

by orjbetween the said Company, or on their Behalf,'with theuViafters and Commanders of the Company’s Ships,

or with any other of the Officers or Servants of the said Company, in whatever Employment or Capacity

they^may happen to be, but that all and every such Covenants and Engagements shall be, and be held, deemed

and taken to be of the fame Force and Effect, to every Intent and Purpose, as if this Act had not been made,

the said Repeal, or any other Matter or Thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cl- 4 And whereas, for encouraging Individuals to engage in the Import Trade of the ieverat Sorts of raw

4 Materials herein-after specified, and also for securing to Alanufadurers the Means of furnishing themselves

... s 4 therewith

DIr<*£lor< t» li-

CC Ai 8 fulHcr«nt

N umber of Free

Merchants 19

difyofc of pri-

vate Trade,

A cents for pri-

vate Trader*

fuhfefl to ti c

Author its of the

Company.

No Person* to

rvfide more than

so Miles from

a principal Set-

tlement, with-

out L*ae of the

Governor,

A a 9 Gel. HI,

recited.

From March I*

1734, in l*«o of

Duty granted by ‘

recited Act, and

Charge of *1. per

Cent, oh private

Trade, an Al-

lowance of 3I.

per Cent,

granted}

but not to extend

to Imports from

China, or to

affect engage-

ment! of the

Company with

their Captains,

Ac.

Googh

