A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 68, 69.

made at all Times before the Reversal of the said Judgement* the Pursuit of the said Writ notwithstand-

c ing:’ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses aforesaid in the said Act

shall be, from and after the passing of this Act, repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Execution shall be Hayed upon or by any Writ

of false Judgement for the reversing of any Judgement given in any County Court in Wales, nnlefs the

Person or Persons who shall prosecute the said Writ be first bound unto the Party or Parties for whom the

said Judgement shall have been given, in a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, such as the Sheriff in

the said Court shall approve and allow, in the Sum of ten Pounds, (except where the Sum adjudged for

Coftsand Damages shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, and in such Cafe in Double the Sum so adjudged,)

to prosecute the said Writ with Efteft, and also to pay and satisfy, if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the

said Writ abated or nonprofTed, all and singular the Damages and Colls adjudged, and also the Costs and

Damages awarded for the Delay of Execution; the Acknowledgement of which Recognizance the said

Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to take and file amongst the Proceedings of his said* Court; and

for the Caption and filing whereof the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid to the said Sheriff by

the Person or Persons who shall prosecute the said Writ: And in case of a Breach of the Condition of such Re-

cognizance, the Conuzee or Conuzees thereof may have and maintain an Action of Debt on the fame, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record in Wales, against the Conuzors, or either of them, to recover all and

Angular the Damages and Costs in the said Recognizance mentioned,

'■ CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders brought or carried Coast-

wile into Scotland> and for granting other Duties on Licences to fell certain xdistilled

Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof.—[17th June 1793-]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties on Coals, Culm, or Cinders brought Coast wife

c YV into any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to substitute other Duties in lieu

c thereofMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from after the fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the several and respective Rates and Duties

charged and imposed by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lien the r erf for or in respect

of- any Coals, Culm, or Cinders brought or carried Coastwise in any Port or Place in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from

thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations established and

prescribed by the said Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament for or in relation to the managing, fe-

curing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said Rates and Duties upon Coals, Culm,

or Cinders brought or carried Coastwise into any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in Exe-

cution, save only and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering any Arrears which may at that Time re-

main unpaid of the said Rates and Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred, or

to any Bond or other Security for or in respect of the said Rates and Duties which shall have been given or

granted upon or at any Time before the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three; any Thing contained in the said Act, or in any other Act or, Acts of Parliament to the contrary not-

withstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of Ofiober

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, all and every Person or Persons who shall retail any Spirits

made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, and which Spirits

are commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Vitae, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

shall take out an Excise Licence, authorizing such Person or Persons to retail such Spirits; which Licences

shall be severally granted by the respective Persons, and in the Manner required and directed by an Act made

in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Li-

cences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for

granting other Duties in lieu thereof, with respect to Licences granted to Retail Dealers under the said Act;

and the Persons to whom such Licences shall be granted shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regula-

tiens, Restrictions, and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the said Act,

relative to such Licences, except where the fame shall be expressly altered by this Act, and shall be granted

to the Persons who shall apply for the fame, on the Person or Persons applying for the fame first paying for

such Licences the several Sums of Money following; that is to say,

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail such Spirits within

the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony, or Regality, in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in

any other Part of Scotland other than in the Highlands of Scotland, there shall be charged the yearly Sum of

two Pounds:

33 Geo. III. 3 L For

439

JuL ar.:;u he

flayed by any

Writ of Life

Judgement, re-

pealed.

No Execution to

be flayed by any

such Writ, un-

less the Profecu-

for enter into a

Recognizance,

& c.

In case of Breach

of Recognizance

an Action of

Debt may be

maintained.

From July 5,

J 793, Du ies

imposed by 27

(_»eo» 111, Cap.

1 3. on Coal ,

&:c. carried

Coastwise in

Scotland, 10

cease.

From 0£h 10,

1793, Persons

retailing Aqua

Vitae in Scotland

to take out an

Excise Licence,

See.

30 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 38.

The Duties r©

be paid for such

Lken;es«

