The TITLES of the STATUTES.

anJ for cxtmgufthing the Right of Common upon certain \

Common Meadows within the said Parish.

€8. An Act for dividing allotting, draining, and inclosing the

Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor anu

Township of Tujhingham cum Grind'ey, in the Paruh of:

Ala!pas iii the County of Chejhr.

$9 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, < -

Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands

in the Parish of AA" Sleaford in the County of Lincoln■,

and in the Hamlet of Holding ham within the fuid Parish, '

and in the Parish of Y^harringtoa in the said County.

90. An AM for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- j

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, Waite, and other Commonable Lands and '

Grounds within the Parish of Southneicington, otherwise j

Southuewton, in the County o 1 Oxford.- \

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- j

mon F'ields, Meadows. Paitures, and other Commonable '

Lands And Waste Grounds in the Township of Bette ford i

and Flandet ot Yaddiethorpe, in the Parish of Boileford in j

the County of Lincoln. 1

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and j

Common in the Town ship of Althorpe in the County of j

Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inciofcd

Lands within the said Township.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty

the Open and Common f ields, Common Meadows,

Common Paitures, and other Commonable and Wade

‘Lands and Grounds in the several Parities of Firicre and

Brockwoith \ and also f n* dividing, inclosing, and allotting

a certain Open and Common F ield, called Calmjden Field,

and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the

Manor of Calmjdcn, in the Parish of North Cerncy in the

County of Ghuccficr.

.94. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mon Droves and Waile Lands in the Parish of Fleet in

County of Lincoln \ and for altering an AM of Parliament,

passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for draining, preservine, and improving certain

Lands lying in the teveral Pandits of Spalding, (including

the Hamlets of Grwbit and Peak'll:,) It ejion, Moulton,

JVh upload, Holbcach, Fled, Gedr.ey, Sutton Saint Alary,

and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Luttcn, all in South

Holland in the County of Lincoln.

.95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields and Waste Lands within tile Com-

mon Fields in the iiariih of Upton Gray in the County of

Southampton.

9$. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

F'ields, Meadows, Paitures, Woodbinds, Commons, and

Waste Grounds within the Township, Precincts, 01

Territories of Sutton Cherny, alias Sutton Cheneil, in the

parish of Market Bojzuorth in tiv* County o\ Loice/ler.

uyj. An Act for dividing and inclosing the teveral Common

7and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish oi Snito.

in Ashfield in the County of Nottingham.

98. An Act for dividing and inclohng the Open Field*,

Meadows, Paitures, Commons, and Waste Lands witnn

the Parish of Falaingzvo)tb in the County of Lincoln.

99. An AM for dividing and inclosing the fevtrai Open

F'ieids, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds within-the

Parish of K:({forth in the County of tee City or Yoik.

Ico. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields of Barejby and South Croxton in the County of

Ldce/hr, and the Open Meadows and Pad a res, an J other

Paiceis c\ Meadow and Paiturc Land and Commons

Com mon..hie Piaces, and Waftc Lauds used or enjoyed

the re with.

101. An AM for dividing and inclofirgthe Open and Com-

mon Fields, ‘Meadow^, M^'ots, Common Pastures, and

Commonable Lands and V.afte Grounds ill the Parish of

’ Sout o llitham in the County of Lincoln.

102. An AM for dividing, aibming, and inclosing the Open

Fields Meadows, Pali »res, Commons, and Waftc Lands

within rhe Parish of Ilk ejion in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for dividing and inc! ding the Open Fields,

Heath, and other Common..hie Lands and Grounds in

the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Engworth, in

the Parish or Thornton in the County of Lelcejlcr.

104. An Act h r natur rhzng John Ton idler.

105. An AM Gr empowering the Judges of the Court of

Svfiion in Sc it tan J to fell fuen Parts of the Lands and Ba-

rony ct R uton in the Cmmty of Bernice, formerly be-

longing to b;r Alexander Stirling, late of Glorrd, Baronet,

n >w dcccaieJ, ntu! now deicending to Sir John Stirling of

Gioiat, baronet, ins Son, as may be lothcLnt to pay off

the Debts nfivcting the said Lands and Barony.

106. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between James

Lord Bithop of Litchfield and Coventry and Sir Richard

H'li Baron t.

107. An AM for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and

Copyhold 1 ffa.es ( Dame Harriot the Wife of Sir John

Saunders Sebright Baronet, late Harriot Cioftes Spinster,

pursuant to Aiticles executed previous to their Marriage,

notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Se-

bright.

108. An AM to enable Jofph Robhfon Peofe Esquire, and

Anne h:s YV ife, and Robert Copt loud Peaje Esquire, and

the Guardians of the Children of the said Jofph lhb in Jon

Pcafe and Robert Copeland Pease respeMively, during their

Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages,

M.lls, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments

in the Town and County of the Town of Kingjhn if on

Hud, and in the Parishes oi Sculcoates and Drypccl in the

County of York.

109. An AM to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend

James Lord Bishop of Fly, and his Successors, to grant,

by several Leases, an Fflate in the Ijh of Ely, now held

under one L.afe.

no. An Act to enable the RcMor of the Parish and Parish

Church of Clapham in the County of Surrey, for the Time

being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said

Redtory.

in. An AM to enable Thomas Lane Esquire to grant Build-

ing, Repairing, and Improving Leases ot FMtates, deviled

to him by Henry Bojvdlc Ffquuc, deceased, in the Coun-

ties ot kerf, FJcx, S’jje.r, ai d Surrey.

112. An AM for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Failures, Commons, and Wattes within the Townfhi;>

of Lund, in the Parish of Lund in the Fhifl Riding of the

County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu

of the 1 ithes the*eof, and of the Lands already inclosed

in the same Township.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Oj>en and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Co a j in

the County of Glouce/hr.

11 J,. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker/

