A.D. 1791. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. C, 4.7. 153

XXL And be it farther enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against Limitation of

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County Actions,

or Place where the Fads were committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the

Fad committed, and not otherwise.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco from mooring and dif-

charging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the 'Duties on

Tobacco and Snuff 1 and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof ; to prohibit the Export-

ation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the Importation of Tobacco

and Snuff into the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne•

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present preamble.

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffs and for granting new Ge.>. 3! c 62#

4 Duties in lieu thereof the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively were re- recited/

4 quired from Time to Time, to fix and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from Time to Time

4 continued, at such and every of the respective Ports in England and Scotland respectively, in the said Act

6 enumerated, a certain Place for the mooring all Ships or Vessels in or on board which any Tobacco should

4 be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the Directions of the said Act, and which should

4 come or arrive within such respective Ports, and certain Provisions were made therein for enforcing the

4 fame ; under the Authority of which Ad the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland

4 have respectively appointed certain Places for the Purpose of mooring all Ships and Vessels in or on board

4 which any Tobacco should be imported, at the Ports therein enumerated : And whereas it is necessary,

4 in order to give lifted to the Provisions of the said Act before-mentioned, that such Ships or Vessels only

4 as are laden with Tobacco should be moored, and discharge their Cargoes at the Places so appointed by the

4 respective Commissioners */ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun- None but To-

dred and ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel arriving at any of the said Ports in the said bacco Ships to

Ad enumerated, other than such Ships as shall be laden in the Whole-or in Part with Tobacco, to be moored, be moored, &c.

or the Lading thereof discharged, at or within the Limits of any of the Places appointed, or to be ap- wl*thlQftthheeLi"

pointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, for the mooring of Ships laden with Tobacco ; and in pia^esappointed

case any Ship or Vessel shall be moored, or the Lading thereof discharged contrary to this Act, the Matter, under recited

or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and wilfully offending Act for mooring

herein, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, mid- such shlPs> or*

gated, and applied, under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, rowers, and Provisions, as other Penaky°f*°b

Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offence or Offences committed against the said Act of the twenty-ninth

Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts made for the securing the Revenue of Customs are directed to be

recovered, mitigated, or applied, and as fully and amply as if all the Rules, Regulations, Powers and Pro-

visions of the said Acts respectively were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

4 II. And whereas by the said Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 among other Things, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Conflgnees of

4 Tobacco imported according to the Regulations of that Ad, are allowed to export, under the Restric-

4 tiens therein mentioned, such damaged or mean Tobacco as he or they shall refuse to pay the Duties for,

4 and which shall have been separated from found Tobacco, according to the Directions of that Ad:

4 And whereas the permitting in future the Exportation of any such damaged or mean Tobacco may be

4 detrimental to the fair Importers of Tobacco, and productive of Injury to the Revenue Be it therefore

enacted, That from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall Damaged To-

not be lawful to export any such damaged or mean Tobacco, but the fame shall be burnt and de- bacco to be

ftroyed under the Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs and Excise respectively ; and burnt, and no

the said respective Commissioners shall sell and dispose of the Ashes arising therefrom for the most Money niadTiheCim°- C

that can be gotten for the fame; and no Allowance shall be made to the Importer or Importers, Pro- porter for the

prietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Conflgnees, for or in Consideration of any such damaged or mean frme.

Tobacco.

4 III. And whereas by the said Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That no Tobacco or Snuff* whatever shall be imported or

4 brought into any Part of Great Britain, except the Ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes,

4 Falmouth, Whitehaven, Hull^ Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Leith, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such

4 Tobacco and Snuff* respectively as shall be imported or brought into any Part of Great Britain, except

4 some or one of the said Ports herein-before enumerated, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests,

4 Cafes, and other Packages respectively, containing such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, and the Ship or

4 Vessel in or on board which the fame shall be so imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furni-

4 ture, Amunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of To-

4 bacco and Snuff into the Port of Nnvcqjlle upon Tyne Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the tenth Day of June one thoiffand seven hundred and ninety-one, nothing in the said Tobacco ana

31 Geo. III. X recited Snutrmajbtim-

^

