A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 24*—32

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act,maJe in the twenty-sevench Year of his present Majesty, as relates to

the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery j

and to enable his Majesty to grant the said Premises.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, further to increase the Capital Stock

of the said Company.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-two.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments 5 and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify

Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admillions have been

omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for

allowing them Time to provide Admillions duly stamped ; to^ give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors;

for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit De-

scriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for

giving further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to

pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a.Lottery. [812,500/.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for establishing-a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed

in the Coal Trade on the River Wear,in the County of Durham, who by Sickness, or other accidental

Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the

Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen,

in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for rebuilding the fame, and for enlarging the Burial Ground

of the said Parish.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the Island of Convey, in the

County of Essex.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act: to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Cowes in the JJle

of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth; and to extend the fame to

Horses and Lambs; and to amend the said Act.

1T7 HEREAS, by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other

« y, Things, _/irr allowing the Conveyance fnm the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port

of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on or prohibited to be exported, and

of Sheep and Cattle between the said Ports, without Cocquets being taken or Bonds entered into for that Pur-

P°f*i it was enacted, That no Cocquet or Bond should be required for carrying or conveying Sheep

(provided the fame be carried in open Boats or Hoys,) nor any other Kind of Cattle, (Horses and Lambs

excepted,) between the Port of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth

And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst

c c 2 ‘ other

-by

• *9

Preimblc.

6 Geo.3. c. 50#

tad

