158 C. 54. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1791.

Officer to deli-

vcr to the Matter

a l opy of his

Oath, and to

the Surgeon a

Copy of his

Journal, and

tnnfmit Dupli-

cates to the

Commissioi ers

of the Cuiloms.

iVJaflen or Sur-

geons a&ingcor.-

oary hereto, to

forfeit 100 1.

If Penalty on

Mrfters be not

paid within 14

Divs, rheir

Vtffl'ch m?y be

seized ;u,d fold.

^Vhere Penalties

may be sued for.

The upper and

lower Cabin,

and the Space

bet ween

Deck?, be

allotted to the

Slave*, &c.

lebtor or other Officer as aforesaid shall deliver to such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Sur-

geon -respectively, Copies of the Oath of such Matter or other Person as aforesaid, and also of the said Jour-

nal, which Copies shall severally be attested (as true Copies) by such Collebtor or other Officer as aforesaid

under his Hand and Seal; and Duplicates of the said Copies, attested in like Manner, shall be transmitted by

the said Collector, or other Chief Officer, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London ; and if

such Matter, or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall carry his

Cargo of Slaves to, and land "the Whole, or any Part, in any Port or Ports not subjebt to the Crown of Great

Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British Island or Port, having delivered the Whole or any Part of

his fail Cargo, such Matter or other Person, and also the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, shall make.the fame

Declaration, deliver in the fame Journal to, and take the fame Oaths before, the Collectors, or other Chief

Officers of the Customs, or Civil Officer of the Island or Port, and receive the same attested Certificate, in

like Manner as if he had first arrived at such Island or Port; and if the said Ship or Vessel shall not arrive at

any British Island or Port before her Return to Great Britain, then the said Matter or other Person, and Sur-

geon, shall make the said Declaration, deliver in the said Journal to, and take the said Oaths before, the Col-

lector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where they shall first land, which the Collector or other

Chief Officer is hereby impowered and required to receive and administer, and the said Collector or other

Chief Officer shall forthwith transmit the fame to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in London ; and

if such Mailer or Surgeon shall abt contrary hereto, such Matter or Surgeon shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successers,

and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master or other Person having or

taking the Charge orCommand of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be convibled of any one of the said Offences be-

fore mentioned, and shall not, within the Space of fourteen Days, pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the

proper Officer of the Court wherein the Offence shall be prosecuted, in order that the fame may be applied

in Manner herein directed, the Amount of the Penalty on such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful lor any

Admiral, or other Commander at Sea, of any of the Ships of War, or other Ship having Commission from

his Majesty, or from his Heiis or Successors, or for any Governor of any Island or Plantation to his Majesty

belonging in America or the IPeji Indies,or for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, to seize and

detain the said Ship or Vessel wherever found, and to convey the fame to the Custom-house nearest to the Place

where (lie shall be found ; and the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Custom-house,

shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such Ship or Vessel to be sold publickly by Aublion, and the

Produce arising by such Sale thereof to apply towards satisfying the said Penalty ; and if there shall remain any

Overplus, to pay the fame over to such Person or Persons as shall prove his, her, or their Property therein, or

to his, her, or their lawful Assigns.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflibled

by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Vice Admiralty in any Part

of America, or in any Island in the West Indies, wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or

wherein any such Ship or Vessel shall have disposed of the Whole, or any Part of her Cargo, or in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster,or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the upper as

well as the lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Recep-

tien of such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two third Parts of her Complement

of Slaves on Board, in the Proportions herein-before limited, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandile shall ever be

flowed or put in any such Cabin or Place, in which any such Slaves shall be.

If any Person

take the Com-

m ind of a Vef-

lel, who is not

qualified as heie-

in direOed, he

and also the

Owner shall for-

feit 5C0I.

No Insurance to

be made against

any Loss, except

the l'eril6 of the

Sea, &c.

No Vessel to be

cleared out that

has not a Sur-

geon ho has

palfed his Exa-

mination, &c.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or take or

have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of

Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Master or Person

taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have made Oath, and delivered in

to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out,

a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners, that he has already served in such Capacity during

one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the Whole of two Voyages, or either

as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa,

under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or

Vessel, and also the Owmer or Owners who shall hire or employ such Person, shall for every such Offence re-

speblively forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any such Ship or

Vessel to insure any Cargo of* Slaves, or any Part thereof, on Board the fame, against any Lois or Damage,

save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrebtion, or Capture by the Ringvs Enemies, Barratry of

the Master and Crewq and Destruction of Fire ; and that all and every Pcl.cy of insurnace hereafter made,

contrary to this Act, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no fu;h Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to

clear out, unless it shall appear to the Collebtor or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port, that

there is one Suigeon at least engaged to proceed on Board f’uch Ship or Vessel, and unless such Surgeon shall

have produced and delivered to such Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate or

Warrant

