The TITLES of

near Prince's End; and from Can Lane to the Town

ci Bilfton, in the County of Stafford*

168. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the

E d of the present Turnpike Roadfro?n Beflelfleigh to Hun*

gerlord, in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise

Soufley Water, in the County of Wilts.

169. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Adls

of the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Se-

cond, and the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty,

for repairing and amending the several Roads therein men-

tioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Mon-

mouth.

*yc. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting,

and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Man-

thefter, in the County of Lancaster, to the New Bridge at

the Corn Mills at Wilmfow, in the County of Chester.

171. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting,

and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through

Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the

County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lan-

cajier; and also the Road from Hernejione Lane Head,

and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith,

all in the said County of Derby, to the last-mentioned

Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester.

172. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, made in the

twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and twenty-seventh Year of his present Ma

jesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Prejion

Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, and other

Roads in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Road

leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to El-

lefmere, through Harlefcott, Uffington, and Benvick, to

Atcham, in the said County.

173. An Act for amending, widening, shortening, improv-

ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wren's Cross,

in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent,

through the Weft or Lower Harrietjham Street, by Har-

rietjham Churchy and through Lenham and Charing to

Barrow Hilly in Ashford, in the said County.

274. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King G:orge the Second, intituled, An Act for re-

pairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow;

and of another Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of

the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and

render more effectual the said Act; and of another Act

passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts,

made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow,

so tar as the fame relate to the Road leading from the said

City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddcns, to that Part of the

Water of Kelvin, called The Mi Inf or d of Garfcube.

475. An Act for more eftedlually amending, and keeping in

Repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through

Droitwich, to Spade/bourne Bridge, within the Parish of

Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and other

Roads therein mentioned.

176. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more

effectual two Acts, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reig?i

of King George the Firjiy and the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from

33 Geo. III.

the STATUTES.

Market Harborough to Lougborough, in the County of

Leicester; and for repairings widening, turningy and al+

tering the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road at a

Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called The Fofe

Road; and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from

Melton Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret’s

Field, Leicester.

177. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, and improv-

ing, the Road from Hcage, in the County of Derby,

through Belter, to Duffeldy in the said County.

178. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road

from the forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Carding-

ton, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and

Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a

Road from thence to the Great Northern Ready near Tems-

ford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

179. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Road from the Town iff

Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding

of the County of York.

180. An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the

Road from Clay Hilly in the Turnpike Road between Neat

Eistone and Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford\

over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Laney in the Town of

Bicester, in the said County; and from Bicester aforesaid

to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Greeny in the said

County.

181. An.Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and

improving, certain Roads leading to and from the Towns

of Salford, Warringtotiy Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain

Places called The Broad Oak in WorJlcy, and Duxbury

Stocksy and also the Road from a Place called South Sea,

in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridgey and from thence, through

Hilton Laney to Daufon Lane End; and also from Age-

croft Bridge, over Kerfal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all ijt

the County Palatine of Lancaster.

182. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odi-

ham to Alton, in the County of Southampton.

183. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, and ren-

dering more effectual so much of three Acts of Parliament,

for repairing the Roads from Seven Oaks, Tunbridge

Wells, and Kipping’s Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and

Pullen’s Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell

Vent, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road lead-

ing from Seven Oaks Common to Woodfgate, Tunbridge

Wells, and Kipping’s Cross, in the said County of Kent ;

and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodfgate aforesaid.

184. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an

Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty,y^r repairing and widening the Road leading from

Peniftone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford

Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roads severally

leading from Bamford Woodgate over Yorkshire Bridge,

to the Guide PqJl on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth

Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Tillage of

Darwent, in the said^ County of Derby.

185. An Act for repairing and widening that Part of the

Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk,

which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike Road leading

from Jedburgh to Lauder, which erodes the River Tiv'.ot,

near to the Town of Keljo, and the Road leading from

& Keif*

